 This is a nice looking feeder and it attracted lots of beautiful finches , but the squirrels quickly figured out how to pop out the plastic inserts so that the seed spills out onto the ground . It is a poor design to have removable inserts in the feeding ports . Overall , a waste of money as I have to buy a new one now .
 I received this bird feeder , liked it , but when I tried to assemble it someof the parts were missing . The hooded pieces were missing .
 My -LRB- indoor -RRB- cat contracted fleas about a month ago and I used the Zodiac spray on the carpet , upholstery , curtains , and mattresses as I went about treating the apartment . I also used the Zodiac sponge bath -LRB- 2 treatments/bottle , used both -RRB- and one course of the Frontline topical medicine . Today I was brushing my cat and found more fleas . My vet informed me that they have heard nothing but complaints from pet owners who 've used the Zodiac products.The label claims that
 I had used this product at the urging of the pet store clerk . He claimed he had over 20 ferrets and at one time had a flea problem . I vacuumed , sent the dog to the groomers for a flea dip , then came home and sprayed the entire house . I returned after a few hours , opened the widows and started up the air conditioners and picked up the dog . The next day I noticed several adult fleas , though they were sluggish . I thought . . great ! Then the family started getting bites and seeing small and adult fleas . I feel I wasted my money for a product that seemed to give us 24hrs of relief . Forget the claim that it keeps on acting for up to 7 mos . I am not infested with fleas , but we still have them ... and they are alive and well .
 I have used this product in addition to the fogger and carpet powder . I have sprayed all furniture , bedding , hard to reach spaces , etc. . And a month later I still have fleas . It is a major waste of time and money .
 i tried everything but he hated it . it was a no go . even though i set it to a snug fit , he kept pawing at it until he was finally able to get it into his mouth and chew on it .
 These products are a great idea in theory , but in reality the dog is n't able to pant like it needs to and it is very uncomfortable for them . Not a good idea .
 They sent an imitation ; Holt from china instead of the advertised Halti , and it cut my dog 's face ! I tried contacting them , but no response .
 My dog also chewed one of the straps , and the halti is now useless . Be aware that you have to closely watch your dog when you use the halti to make sure he is not chewing it . I was very surprised to find the halti ruined when I took it off of my dog because I was less than 3 feet away the entire time he wore it .
 At first , I was happy with the product because my dog was n't pulling nearly as hard as before . But then I noticed that the side strap pushes up into her eye , making it water and become irritated , when we walk . I tried fixing the problem but nothing worked , it kept going into her eye . The product was definitely a waste of money .
 I purchased two Holt Dog collars and the problem could be my dogs . They did not respond favorably at all to the Holt . I tried all suggestions to make wearing it a pleasant experience , but all the Snausages in the world could n't bribe my two dogs into an agreeable arrangement . They refused to walk , and kept trying to wrestle their heads out of the collar . One of my dogs screamed loudly as she tried to wrestle the collar off . The neighbors thought we were more entertaining than anything on television.I suspect the problem could be that my dogs are Scottish Terriers . They are head-strong and that can come with the breed . I cringe when I think of the $ $ I 've spent to get these girls to walk harmoniously together . When we walk out the door , one pulls left , the other pulls right and the fight begins . I purchased the Holt collars after they knocked me over , I hit my head on the concrete and passed out . The dogs did n't care that I had a concussion , they continued to behave badly.My little Scottish `` Ladies '' now wear Thundershirts . They do n't know what to make of them but they fight to be first in line to get the shirt on and they are walking well . I 'm guessing that to them , having something on their snout like the Holt would be as thrilling as a plastic bag on my head . Who knows these things ? Several people recommended the Holt to me and have been successful . None had Scotties ... Best of luck to you and your doggies .
 The collar actually works fine but it 's not a Halti . It 's a ` Holt '' Looks and works the same but it 's not a Halti which is what I was ordering .
 We have two Bernese Mountain dogs . Niether will use this collar . They fight to get it off the entire time . Tugging on it does not get their attention . PetCo also expects you to just mail items back with no documentation . Return for this is not handled by Amazon ...
 I was excited because the collar seemed to work . My dog obviously did n't like it and tried to paw it off but as long as I kept moving he only occasionally pawed it and did n't pull . He usually pulls nearly constantly despite my efforts . However half way through my second walk my 23 pound dog stopped to sniff something . I kept going and the strap that goes around his nose broke . Do n't waste your money .
 I have never given less than 4 star review anywhere but I feel that this product needs a disclaimer . The lower rating in this case is because this is NOT a HALTI yet it is the first thing that shows up with you search for a HALTI collar on Amazon.com . For someone who does n't know the difference , they will likely end up with this product . This collar is significantly different from a Halti . It 's also easy for this collar to be used in a way that is very uncomfortable for a dog . We bought two and got to our training class only to be told that we had the wrong product . We were also told by the trainer that it an unacceptable tool for training a dog when a Halti is required . It fits differently and functions differently . When she took this product off the dog and replaced it with a real Halti , the dog behaved totally differently -LRB- in a positive way -RRB- . I 'm guessing that many have found this to be a worthwhile product . I 'm grateful that I was shown the difference , thanks to the trainer . I 'm grateful too that she pointed out how easy it is for this product to be used in a way that is extremely uncomfortable for the dog . If you find your dog trying to get this thing off , that could be why . I 'm happy that we are now using a real Halti . I 'm sharing this as a heads up to others so they can make an informed decision . Had there been a clear disclaimer , I would not feel the need to write this .
 The strap only lasted one day . Tied my labradoodle up outside a shop and when I came back he had chewed threw the bottom strap . The funny thing was he was just sitting waiting for me like nothing had happend , even though his lead was detached to where I tied him . I think the strap around the snout is too big and needs to be adjustable . I will get the next size down and see how we go with that .
 Ordered a Halti training collar and received , on time , a Holt collar . Called seller , not respones . `` Returns require prior authorization code , '' but request was routed to a `` mailbox full '' number . No follow up from seller .
 The Halti must be correctly sized - and unfortunately the sizing info to determine the correct size is poor . The Holt sizing chart is based on breeds - and did n't work for my mutt . Way too big . Why do n't they provide the sizing info based on the circumference of the muzzle and neck ?
 This is probably a good product for dogs with square jaw lines but for owners of small dogs such as a lhasa apso or shitzu beware ! Because of their flatter facial structures , the collar slips off and wo n't hold as it should . And speaking from experience , the size is not the issue i.e. even a small size wo n't work .
 My 10 month old lab chewed through this product within five minutes of his first walk . Thank god for the safety connected to the collar or who knows what would have happened.The design has a strap that goes right over the side of the mouth area . As the dog opens and closes their mouth , the strap goes tight and slack . When the strap is slack , the dog can chew on it . I would say that this is a major design flaw on a product designed to restrain your dog while on a walk.I wouldnt say that my dog is particularly bright so if he can figure this out within 5 minutes on his first walk I 'm sure any dog can . If you are going to buy this , please make sure you attach the safety strap to the collar .
 the felt top is so thin , my dog tore into it instantly ! Next came out the foam bed , which she shredded into a million pieces , then she got to the inner cedar beds . Well you can imagine the mess it made.this bed lasted her a whole week . I can not find anything for her . If you have an older , mellow dog , this would be a great bed . It is quite comfortable . But if you have a pooch that likes to destroy , this wo n't hole up at all .
 I would like to inform you of our experience with your Spot On flea and tick control application we used this summer on our trip to Oregon.We have two small dogs under 15 pounds so we purchased the product for dogs under 15 pounds.This is the first time we had used your product and decided to try it as it was a lot less expensive than the Frontline we usually use.We applied the Zodiac as directed on the box to both dogs a day before we left . Our trip to Oregon lasted a week and a half and during that time we made several trip to the beach with the dogs.On all occasions we came back to the motor home to find ticks on the dogs.We would also find ticks on the dogs that had remained there the day after our trips to the beach . After retuning home we were still finding live ticks on one of the dogs a week after our return home.As we do not have ticks in our home area we know they had come from our trip the week before.I would like to say that not only will I not use your product again as it does not work but I will advise my friends and family not to use the product.I guess this shows you get what you pay for and in the future I will not try to save a few dollars when it comes to my pets health .
 This item is cute and sturdy . However , the seller has it listed as being 50 lb shipping weight . Mine arrived and did not even weigh 5 lbs including all the packaging material . They gave me a refund for most of my shipping and said they would change their listing . Two months later it is still saying 50 lbs . The price for this bird bath is right on with what it is worth - but the deceptive shipping makes this a bad purchase
 This was the worst dog bed I ever purchased . Within the first few days , the fabric tore along the side seam and every time I wanted to move it , the cedar bags fell out of the giant rip . I ca n't imagine why this was n't constructed with thicker fabric and industrial stitching . The bed is heavy and awkward to move . Inside are 2 cedar bags and 1 foam pad , so that when you move it , those cedar bags will overlap each other , then the bed has a big lump in it . You have to get those cedar bags side-by-side in there . What a pain ! I purchased the large bed , so possibly this is why there were 2 bags . Also , you can only wash the thin outer bag that holds the cedar bags and foam pad inside .
 I bought this bed recently for my 9 year old lab mix . He does n't dig , chew or abuse things in any way , so I was n't concerned with getting a super abuse-proof bed . But after a couple of weeks of limited use I found a hole in the soft side of the bed . The fact that this side attracts hair is unfortunate , but a hole being made almost immediately makes this bed not worth buying . It may have been a decent design if it was made with sturdy materials . Very disappointing .
 The combination of the cedar and the nylon made this bed incredibly noisy . I had to pick my dog and put her on it , and once she got off of it , she would n't go back on . She looked at me like she was being tortured being on it . She did sleep on it for one night but would n't go back on it at all . Not exactly the dog bed I had in mind .
 My father got a toy dachsund and he has been having a dreadful time in getting her housebroken . I thought these potty pads would be a good idea for him to try but they did n't work with her . There was nothing bad about the product or the shipping time . I just felt that they were awfully expensive for what amounts to those diapers they use in hospitals for patients . This product might have worked extremely well for other customers but it just did not work for us . I also found him a `` potty rock '' . To see if this would help and it did n't work either . The only thing that happened was it turned my Dad 's backyard into a public lavatory for the neighborhood dogs to use . Bella just sniffed around it a couple of times , put her nose up in the air and proceeded to go back inside where she promptly peed on the kitchen floor ! I can understand why her previous owner wanted to be rid of her . She 's about 7 months old now and my Dad has had her since she was about 7 weeks old . The people that had her before him did not have the time it was taking to get her properly house broken . She 's a good little thing with the exception of this one fault . Needless to say my Dad 's cleaning lady is not exactly thrilled with the situation and sometimes he gets a bad case of gout and can not take her outdoors . We just ca n't seem to get her to realize that she needs to let my Dad know she needs to go out . Ah the joys of dealing with a puppy . It 's just like having a child .
 This is the second catnip product I bought from this company . Still no luck . It was not that easy to grow . The seeds had few sprouts at the beginning , but then they died after few days even you follow the instructions . Not very satisfied with the product .
 I ordered and received ten packs based on my Trust in Cosmic Kitty long term , and Amazon.In Ealy 2009Big Edge Sports sent filled the order for 10 seed packs , all marked to not be sold after 2008 . I did not note the expireddate after which the pack clearly directed they not be sold . Not until three packs , six starter pods , failed.Okay , my green blood got ired by the repeated failures to germinate , sprout , anything.It became a challenge to my farmer skill set . I used every type of oft repeated steps month after month , one pod at each beginning attempt.I used all my know-how as a Florida Cracker and finally got three plants to sprout in December of 2009 . It does seem either an uncaring or illiterate personage filled the order with expired product . OR ... ?? My Native/Irish/Danish / Rebel mind set took over at the challenge.Twenty five bucs is a lot to pay for dead seeds . The insult to us consumers , the besmirching of the Amazon label , crowned by an apparent lack of care by Big Edge Sports personel in this instance will be given time to rectify the `` error '' should the Bi Edge chose to reship viable seed packs.Y ` alls moveBob Doyle on D Beach
 Could not get our cat to even think about using it . It just sits there taking up space until I decide to throw it out , or maybe find a neighbor that I could give it away to who has a kitten that could figure out what it 's for and use it . But sadly , my older cat wo n't .
 I really would n't recommend this product . They say the bottoms are plastic coated , but I did n't find that . I ended up having to use a liner with it which did n't work at all . The cats used it , but missed more often than not , and it ended up being much more difficult to use than just a small plastic litter box would have been for about the same price .
 These replacement pads are smaller than the originals , so they do n't `` hook '' under the edges and when a cat gets their claw in it , it flies out of the scratcher . Useless !
 I tested this product out on 3 different cats . I guess the aroma appealed to them because they tried to eat it , but not one of them was able to The pieces are just too large . I think they are too hard as well .
 Since my cats have always loved Cosmic Catnip , I figured they might also enjoy the treats . What a disappointment ! Neither cat even nibbled , and when I left some outside for the neighborhood stray , he even passed ! Save your money and just buy grocery store treats .
 I 've been purchasing Cosmic catnip and scratching pads for as long as I 've been a cat owner , and I 've never been disappointed . When I saw the cute , colorful packaging and the variety of flavors available for these treats , I could n't resist.Sadly , my cats wo n't even acknowledge these as food . They wo n't even smell them , let alone taste them . Maybe I just got a bad batch , but my cats will usually eat anything that is offered to them at least once . Even one of my dogs , who does anything to sneak a bite of the kitty food , was n't too eager to eat one of these Philly Cheesesteak treats.The treats arrived somewhat hard , but it is obvious that they are the type that should be soft . I do n't know if this was Amazon 's error for selling a stale product , or if the cold weather had something to do with it -LRB- it 's getting down to the 20 's at night where I live -RRB- . For nearly the same price as these treats , buy your kitties a tub of Cosmic catnip ... I am almost certain they will LOVE you for it !
 I was really disappointed in this item . When it said Bling Bling , I expected something that had rhinestones and glamour . I got it and saw only silverlike painting on it . Not glamourous for my 2 girls . I sent it back .
 This seemed to have no effect on my dog . He has severe separation anxiety and nothing seems to work . Oh well .
 My rescue dog had pretty bad separation anxiety . I wanted to try this to see if it would ease some of the symptoms associated with separation anxiety . I did n't see any difference . I tried two of these , thinking that it might take a little longer , but it never really help my dog.It still might be worth a try for your dog . I can say that it certainly did n't hurt!If your dog is suffering , I still think it 's worth a try .
 Not the same item . I had to get the correct one at my local pet store . Next time buyer beware .
 I have used the actual DAP product with my dogs quite successfully . This was NOT a DAP product but a name I have never heard of . No wonder the price was so good , you get what you pay for . Shame on this seller !
 This product has worked for me in the past but not this time . Not only could I smell this when plugged in , it smelled like burning plastic and made me physically ill.I used the collar with much better results , to be honest .
 My dog has separation anxiety - I had been working on desensitizing him and he had been doing fantastic . I ordered DAP on recommendation of a friend -LRB- I already had a plug-in for Feliway and this refill would fit -RRB- . When I plugged the DAP in , my dog became extremely anxious . Everything made him jumpy . The training I had been doing was no longer working . At first I did n't associate it with the DAP . I then thought about what might have caused his anxiety and the only change in the environment had been the DAP . I unplugged it and he calmed down ... mostly ... but not completely . He did not relax again until I removed it from the house . He is now back to normal and training is going great . I am sure DAP works great for some dogs , but for mine -LRB- and from what I have read in other reviews , other dogs like him -RRB- it had adverse effects .
 I have a 70lb dog , very hyper , extremely excited when he sees other dogs or small children , this halter does n't work for my dog .
 did not work for my dogs . waste of money . easy to return.still looking for one that is simple and works . i have mastiffs and found it flimsey.maybe it works for small dogs
 Tea tree oil is toxic to cats in all but the very smallest doses . A cat 's liver is not capable of processing it . For an average cat weighing seven to 12 pounds , somewhere between 1 1/2 to 3 teaspoons of tea tree oil would be lethal . Because of this cats should never be treated with anything more than one to five drops of tea tree oil per teaspoon of carrier oil . The same thing applies to small , and some medium-sized dogs.Another reason to avoid using tea tree oil on small animals is that they tend to lick themselves and end up ingesting the oil.Most of the cat deaths from tea tree oil come from people using tea tree flea & tick treatments which are applied to the entire body of the cat . This product is applied only in the ear . Nonetheless , given the extreme toxicity of tea tree oil to cats , I would be very cautious . Is the ear wash so essential that it is worth risking your cat 's life ? Perhaps try another product first .
 Was using Oti-clens from the vet and looked for something bigger and cheaper . This is not for dogs who have chronic ear mites or ear moisture . My dogs ears got worse and now we are off to the vet for the good stuff . Do n't try to save money , get the real deal .
 I bought this for my dog and he did not stop chewing instead he dranked it like it was water this product does not work at all
 Do not spray in air or on human skin . It is very difficult to remove odor , taste from hands , mouth , and anything you touch.The only thing I found to remove it from my hands was `` Black Jack Asphalt & Tar Remover '' found at Lowes or Home Depot.It claims to be gentle on skin and IT IS !!!! You can use it on clothes , tools , fabric , skin and hair . VOC compliant . Biodegradable , and 100 % organic . I 'm extremely allergic to all chemical , odors . Fortunately , I have a knowledgeable husband .
 My 7 month old puppy loves the taste of this spray ! Needless to say , he eats whatever I spray it on . Sorry ... would n't order this again ! Not knocking the product at all . . just had to say I thought it was funny that my dog LIKES it ! hahahah !
 This product is pretty much a waste of money . My Walker Coonhound will not stop digging up a huge potted plant in my kitchen . I purchased this product because the label reads that it is gentle on skin , hair and plants . This claim is true - my dog , myself and the plant have not experienced any dry irritation or rashes from this product . However , the product does not live up to it 's primary function - my dog does not refrain from chewing anything that I spray the Bitter Yuck on . If anything , she is more attracted to the plant now that it is -LRB- literally -RRB- drenched in Bitter Yuck . To make this purchase even more disappointing and annoying , I accidentally got the Bitter Yuck on my own hands and -LRB- somehow -RRB- my mouth and I can not remove it no matter what I try . In short , if you want to stop yourself from biting your own nails , get this product . If you want to get your dog to stop chewing , I would suggest researching other products or ask your vet .
 Tonight at Petco I returned the Fooey bitter spray because it did not work and instead purchased Bitter Yuck at the rave reviews from the employees there . With renewed enthusiasm I applied this to my dog 's paws . She is a chronic licker . A few minutes later I saw her licking very close to where Bitter Yuck was applied . So , I poured the contents of Bitter Yuck in a glass . My husband held the glass still while I dipped her dainty little paws in it one by one . She had a smile on her face as I did so . 3 inches of each paw was thoroughly soaked . About 10 minutes later there she was licking with renewed enthusiasm as I 've never seen her lick before . The zeal with which she licked indicated to me that I gave her a new element of interest in her daily licking routine . She looked up at me , smiled with appreciation and bowed her head to lick harder than she ever has.So much for Bitter Yuck ...
 Bought this to deter the dog from chewing our couch . . Waste of money ! Now we have to buy a new couch-he may have chewed more because of this ! And once its sprayed you can never get the taste out of your mouth or off your hands ! Still ca n't touch the couch ! It is impossible to get the spray-taste off your hands ! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! We used about half the bottle on our couch and still had to throw it out-only bitter to us not the dog !
 The ornament is beautiful . However , had strong chemical odor and fell apart in one month . I pulled it out of the aquarium by the handle and it fell off .
 patches down release bubbles most just at the ends and it super fragile one broke in half from setting it down on the table to fast . but for 3 $ u get what you pay for perfect for cheep no frills fish tank
 This product did n't meet my expectation . After installing it in my fish tank , I was disappointed to see that there were gaps in where the air bubbles were being dispersed within the air stone causing an uneveness of flowing bubbles .
 I was n't happy with this product It did n't fresh at all I usually get this from a pet store but it 's not always easy to get there , so I ordered it on line and was dissapointed not fresh
 The only part of this one-hour video that was useful to me was a short training session -LRB- about 15 minutes -RRB- showing how to teach a dog to sit , lie down , stay , etc. using hand signals and treats . If it were not for this part of the video , I would have gotten my money back .
 I purchased this because we have a betta and silk plants are recommended so as to not tear their fins . I was disappointed at the quality of this plant . The plant we received has plastic burs and is missing some leaves . Only the leaves are `` silk ; '' the stem is hard plastic . I also could n't find anything on the package that actually said the plant is `` silk . '' The leaves are not super soft . The one I received does n't look as `` full '' as the one pictured . I wo n't be returning this because it 's not worth the hassle but I will not be putting it in our betta 's tank .
 Average for a plastic plant . I would never order again because of the huge box it was mailed to filled with plastic air protectors . Extremely wasteful . No green shipper here .
 This is NOT silk but cheep plastic . It looks cheep and is cheep . sorry I ever bought it as its going in the trash
 Put the pump -LRB- brand new out of the box -RRB- in a refilled/clean pond with everything perfectly clean . Worked for about an hour before it started stuttering . Sounded like air or something was caught in the impeller , but its perfectly clean , the pump is submerged completely . Pulled off the impeller to see if anything was caught , but it was perfectly clean . The Danner Mfg website is of no help . Also for the 1 hour or so it did work , the output was much less than expected -LRB- barely more than my 300gph we were replacing -RRB- . All in all I 'm quite disappointed .
 Purchased a Pondmaster Pump 9.5 as a replacement pump for my Koi pond . Their product is very cheaply made and does not last much longer than their warranty . Shortly after being in use for a little more than a year , the shaft in the impeller broke due to being made of plastic . This is the first impeller I have seen using plastic ! This product is not recommended ! Replacement parts are available but the cost does not warrant replacing . What will you receive ? More plastic !
 Have had for less than a year . It quit working totally after about 6 months . We did n't bother looking at it until now since winter was coming and we did n't need it anyway . It already has loose parts and needs either repaired or replaced .
 JW Pet Company Ruffians Turtle Dog Toy , Small -LRB- Colors Vary -RRB- , ordered accidentally , thought it was bigger , my 2 labs would swallow this like candy , gave to a friend who has a boxer , too cheap to return for credit/exchange
 While I 'm sure the product itself is fine , the dimensions are inaccurate . The toy is at best 4 '' long , not 5 ' and when you have slightly larger dogs than can destroy a smaller toy , that inch matters . Hopefully it will last longer than a week .
 When I got this in the mail , it was a very cute little toy and my dog loved to chew on it ... for the whole 20 minutes that it lasted . The first thing she did was turn the little tail into a nub , and then she chewed through the neck and actually separated the head from the rest of the body . It was nice while it lasted , but I was expecting a bit more from a toy that is called `` ruffians . '' The only toys my dog has n't been able to kill , although this was very quick by her standards , are the West Paw ones .
 This toy may say that it is durable , but when miniature Dachshunds can destroy these toys in less than 15 minutes there must be a problem . They pulled the sqeaker out and bit the tails off . The squeaker is a major choke hazard for any size dog and if ingested could be deadly . Do n't by this toy if you are looking for durability . I also bought another JW toy with this same purchase . More of a joke than these turtles . Also boasted about the durability factor . HA
 if your looking for a silk plant look elsewhere , nothing but cheep plastic . I put this in my tank and it will not even stand upright , just lays on the bottom as the stem will not support this POS
 Did n't keep in my tank for long , as the bottom started to rust . Was n't going to chance leaving any part of this plant in a tank with my beloved Betta .
 I sort of figured that the quality of this item was only going to be mediocre because other companies were selling this for 3-4 times the price . It is marked hand painted , but I think it must have been a toddler who painted it . The lines that would guide the `` painters '' that are embedded into the actual vase are very clear , but the paint itself looks like it was just slapped on , and does n't come anywhere near being in the lines . I have even considered for aesthetic purposes buying an aquarium safe paint set in similar colors so I can redo it myself it is that bad . The only up side is that my fish really loves the multiple holes to swim in and out of . My advice , if you care how the item looks , spend a little extra and buy the more expensive one . May sound like a harsh review , but for someone who likes to actually look in their fish tank , it really takes away from the whole aquarium scene , and distracts me from looking at my beautiful fish because it stands out so much . Wish I would 've spent a little more myself ... may still do that , depending on the cost of the paint it may be cheaper . Either way , it wo n't be staying in the tank as it is .
 unfortunately my puppy refused to eat the nutri-cal . It smells unappetizing and tastes completely awful . I wish I had paid more attention to the main ingredients : high fructose corn syrup ...
 Don ' t buy if your pet likes vet nutri cal my puppy loves the vet one but hates this.Waste of money .
 Sure , this product has some great reviews , but what gimmick exactly are you buying ? Sugar , oil , more sugar , more oil and some vitamins . Try perhaps some whole milk yogurt with a bit of sweetener and some brewers ' yeast flakes for protein and B vitamins - it 's a whole lot cheaper.Anyway , here 's the nutri-cal ingredients as found on the web : Corn syrup , soybean oil , malt syrup , cod liver oil , cane molasses , methylcellulose , water , gelatin by-products , dl-alpha tocopheryl acetate -LRB- vitamin E -RRB- , sodium benzoate -LRB- preservative -RRB- , manganese sulfate , ferric ammonium citrate , thiamine HCI , niacin , calcium pantothenate -LRB- source of calcium and pantothenic acid -RRB- , magnesium sulfate , pyridoxine HCI , riboflavin 5 ' phosphate sodium -LRB- source of vitamin B2 and phosphorus -RRB- , vitamin A palmitate and D supplement , folic acid and cyanocobalamin -LRB- vitamin B12 -RRB- .
 Thought I would give this brand a try but it does not work at all . Turns drippy . The puppies and dogs hate it !
 mix peanut butter with a little olive and sunflower oil and a little honey and a quality doggie vitamin supplement .
 Bought this item for one of our rescue puppies , but she refused to eat the nutri-cal . It smells horrible and looks really gross has a thick texture , but is VERY greasy -LRB- if not mixed well all you get out of the tube is oil -RRB- . Now this pup has NEVER refused food , so I tried to hide it in cheese but she still refused it.putting a small gob on my finger I put in directly on her tongue hoping she 'd change her mind , and she still managed to spit the gob out -LRB- along with a whole lot of drool ! -RRB-
 This pump works but it 's pretty loud . It comes with a second layer of rubber bushings and a second spacer plate but that does n't do it any good . It 's just too loud for my quiet living room . I 'd rather hear my overflow than that loud buzzing sound from the pump . Get the Rio + line , they are quiet .
 The pump sounded like a good deal -- SOUNDED is the word that needs to be taken into account here . I bought the pump for a reef aquarium . Before I installed the pump all I could here was the trickle of water from the other pumps . Turned this one on , and I thought I was in the middle of the freeway . LOUD !!! Other reviewers had said it was loud -- I should have listened . I will be returning it this week . HyperFlow -- It should be named HyperSound
 My dog is a lab and like most labs , will eat anything and I do mean anything and everything , except for this stuff . No matter how little was sprinkled on my dog 's food or what I mixed it in , he would not touch it . Thankfully Amazon issued a refunded .
 We had high hopes for this Nylabone Rhino Chew for our 60 lb 8-month old male lab . It started out promising in the first few minutes with him carrying it around and dropping it - we thought it was the saviour for our hardwood floors . But in another few minutes , he started chewing on it and started taking off chunks of rubber . We took the toy away and probably wo n't let him have it again because he 'll only continue to rip off more rubber chunks . I would not recommend this as a solution for a strong chewer .
 I got this toy -LRB- size large -RRB- to keep my 25lb corgi/sheltie foster dog busy in his crate post-neuter . 10 minutes in he was ripping chunks of rubber off like it was nothing . He is NOT an aggressive chewer by any means and actually uses a puppy kong because he 's such a mild chewer . I figured something like this would be okay but not even close . I 'm glad I found it on sale because if it 'd cost me the full price I 'd be really sad.If it did n't withstand the chewing of a very mild chewer who is less than 25lbs it shoudl n't be given to any moderate or heavy chewers ... MUCH to my dismay .
 I have 4 dogs and the two nylabones that I bought lasted about a day .
 I purchased a `` Wolf '' size , and it turns out that I should have just flushed some cash down the toilet.Within FIVE minutes , the bone 's end was chewed clean off . I permitted my 35 pound one year old dog to continue to chew supervised , however it was for naught
 This decoration was my favorite for 3 weeks until it grew dull colored and developed blackened spots on it that resembled mold . I removed it from my tank .
 I gave this a two star rating based on the fact that mine was to be used for a larger dog . This product would be adequate for a small dog . But the opening for a dog with a larger muzzle is not large enough . The claims for not spilling water seem to be true . However , since only about an inch of water is in the bottom of the opening at any time , it 's more difficult for a larger dog to get his nose in and get a good drink . I guess if the dog were extremely thirsty and had no other water supply , this could do in a pinch .
 The thing slips and slides all over , there is no cover , so it DOES splash all over the car , flop over , and SPILL !
 I purchased this water bowl for use at the dog park . It seems fairly sturdy and has a nice squat shape that would be hard for a dog to accidentally knock over . It also holds a pretty good amount of water.I wish the blue cap were easier to screw on . It usually takes me several tries because it seems to want to cross thread.The main issue I have , though , is that the blue cap fills with less than an inch of water under normal operation . The water level rises significantly when I apply pressure to the other end of the container using my foot . Once I release the pressure , the water level falls back down.This is a problem at the dog park for two reasons :1 . I have to remain standing nearby the Water Boy in order to dispense water -LRB- with foot pressure -RRB- for the thirsty dogs .2 . Quite a few dogs are too nervous to drink water while I 've put my foot down right next to their noses .
 I bought one of these and it leaked like a sieve . After reading positive reviews , I concluded that I had one that was faulty and bought a second . Nope , it performs the same way . If filled to water line , you can rotate it FORWARD and it can lie flat with the bowl part down and it wo n't leak during this process . However , if you rotate it BACKWARD into use position , water flows into the bowl ; and if you rotate it further than flat , or end over end in either direction , water goes everywhere . I can not guarantee that this item , flung in my trunk or the back of the car , would be thoughtful enough to only fall forward , and to go no further than perfectly flat . Filling it only to water line means the capacity is much smaller than you would think from looking at the volume of the bottle . Despite the many positive reviews , I simply do n't understand the point of this product . A screw-on cap on top of the water bowl would make it leakproof , and increase its carrying capacity . For that matter , I could just carry a bottle that screws shut and a water bowl ...
 I needed a spill-proof bowl for a road trip , and I had seen one in a pet store before with a lip on the edge , that prevented sloshing water from spilling over the edge . They had none left , in stock , so I got this one instead . BAD DECISION . Any time you start up or stop , water sloshes over the edge . My carpeting has never been so wet . AND , it leaks around the cap also . If you screw it down a little to tight , it leaks around the O-ring . If a little to loose , it also leaks around the O-ring . I ordered a Buddy Bowl to replace this , and it 's perfect . Not only does it have a lot more water in the bottom of the bowl so the dog does n't have to wait after every lap for the bowl to fill up , you can be a speed racer and the water wo n't slosh out because of the rim .
 If I could give this a 10 below zero I certainly would !! I never do reviews but in this situation I felt it imperative ! I purchased 2 of these and I am so sorry that I ever put it down for my little puppies to drink out of . The problem is that in only one day the water goes sour and smells like a sewer ! !! BOTH OF THEM !! That smell can be smelled without putting it near your nose ! Not at all good for ANY animal including humans to drink from ! I used both distilled water and bottled water to see if it made a difference . It did not ! I feel that the material it is made of causes this smell ! Do not buy this product OR even take it for free!The seller is good and sent this out very quickly . Not their fault I 'm sure ! Please take this off the market to protect the pets !
 We purchased the Waterboy in May , 2011 and have used it a few times with nothing but failure . The lid is extremely difficult to screw on tightly - even with the lid screwed the waterboy still leaks - most of the time you can not get the screw threads to hold.It also spills easily and has caused water issues on our car 's carpet.We are old time dog owners and lovers and looked forward to using this travel water bowl , but the item is poorly designed and executed .
 My dog needs lots of water when he travels but instead this water dish always turns upside down and soaks his bedding . I was very disappointed .
 I thought I was going to love this product , that it was a great idea ... but my small german shepherd pawed and pawed at this . The small amount of water it provided only seemed to frustrate her . The pawing lead to the blue plastic cracking and breaking . Also , when she pawed it over , it did spill -LRB- she got the water then ! -RRB- Not recommended for big smart dogs !
 I purchased this water bowl for use at the dog park . It seems fairly sturdy and has a nice squat shape that would be hard for a dog to accidentally knock over . It also holds a pretty good amount of water.I wish the blue cap were easier to screw on . It usually takes me several tries because it seems to want to cross thread.The main issue I have , though , is that the blue cap fills with less than an inch of water under normal operation . The water level rises significantly when I apply pressure to the other end of the container using my foot . Once I release the pressure , the water level falls back down.This is a problem at the dog park for two reasons :1 . I have to remain standing nearby the Water Boy in order to dispense water -LRB- with foot pressure -RRB- for the thirsty dogs .2 . Quite a few dogs are too nervous to drink water while I 've put my foot down right next to their noses .
 I filled the water to the fill line and it leaks . BTW the seal was fine . When I put it down and the water went into the bowl it did come out . When I picked it up to move it to the back of the car the water did n't go back into the bottle but spilled out of the bowl . I tried filling it below the water line and the same thing happened . What a waste of money .
 I bought this with high hopes and quickly realized why it was at Marshalls . The cap/bowl WILL NOT , NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO , screw down tightly . All of these leak and are a HORRIBLE design . To think these retards patented this makes me laugh . There are not enough screw threads in the plastic , on either piece , to give holding power to the cap ... it just pops right off . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ... YOU WILL , I ASSURE YOU , BE QUITE SORRY YOU DID .
 My cat can still splash water out of it after the cont . is filled . However , when water level goes down some there is then only about 1/4 inch of water in the bottom of the bowl for cat to drink . Not so great .
 I wanted something to carry water in and a bowl for the dog park . This looked like a fantastic idea . Everything I wanted in one item . I order the Water Bowl with high hopes . I was ecstatic when the Waterboy Travel Bowl arrived . It looked like the answer to my problem . I filled the Travel Water Bowl with water and carried it to the park . Unfortunately water spilled out of it as it was carried . I refilled the container and put it down for the dogs to use . Only a tiny bit of water was in the area for the dogs to drink . The dogs did n't like it as their tongues scraped in the plastic insert to get at the small amount of water in the drinking area . It only worked when it was put on a slope -LRB- and the dog park is flat -RRB- , or , when the dogs wanted water I had to step on it to make more water flow into the drinking area . What a disappointment ! Maybe an air hole strategically placed might help the water fill the bowl without human intervention .
 The good
 The product description states that the sizing is based on neck size , however you do n't provide any measurement with the corresponding S , M , L sizes . Are we supposed to guess at the measurements ? It might be easier to shoot darts blind-folded !
 For over $ 18.00 , you do not give the quantity of cans one will purchase . I 'm sure one can does not cost that much . Thank you , Iva Jeane Driggers
 I do not believe the person that designed this has ever owned a bird . It is cheap and flimsy . - None of the bars are welded , not even to the frame . They are lose , easily moved , and bendable-Frame has wholes at every connection allowing water in and out - perches are weak
 small and ugly looks betting in the pic its so small and ugly i didnt even put it in my tank waste of money
 They stay connected in a strand , but the individual &#34; leaves &#34; fall off easily . Avoid this piece of trash at all costs .
 It was a chore getting this grass to stay down in the tank , but finally managed to use a few sprigs of it . If you purchase it , leave it is large of a section as you can , put it down first , then dump your rocks/sand on top of it and pull it up to height . Also , the sprigs were not as `` soft '' as I was hoping . No motion underwater .
 Had high hopes for this product but it looks and actually feels rather sharp to the touch . So much so that I removed it from the tank becuase I was afraid my Clown Loach and Cory 's would hurt themselves on it . Would probably look good in a tant without a lot of bottom feeders .
 Either my neighbor has totally deaf dogs or this product does not work . The neighbor 's dogs constantly bark all night long with the Super Bark Free only three feet away . I have tried all sorts of settings and while my cat will immediately bolt and run from the Super Bark Free when it activates , the neighbor 's dogs are completely unaffected . Maybe they should re-name this product the Super Cat Free .
 So far , the Super Bark Free has been 100 % ineffective and I would like to return it .
 This birdfeeder has enough going against it that I would n't purchase it if given another chance . The central wire makes it swing much more in the wind , making it difficult for birds to feed on a windy day . Although the cover has a button to hold the lid in place , on windy days , the button does n't hold well and the bird food dumps all over the ground . Also , the plastic windows are n't big enough and are barely held in place by the 2 metal clips that line the side of each edge . The plastic fell out when the wind blew my feeder off a really secure branch . However , at least it did n't break . So , overall , I 'm not happy with this feeder and would n't recommend it to others .
 I 'm disappointed with this product . I agree with the reviewer who said that the wire with the plastic button does n't hold the cover firmly in place . This makes the food spill all over the ground . The holes are too big , too . I put tape on the inside over the openings to make them smaller so if the feeder tips less spills out . Also , when you fill it , it 's too easy for the plastic sides to get dislodged -- then the food really pours out . On top of all this , the birds seem to prefer my $ 7.99 feeder from the hardware store . I 'm not going to toss this , but I would n't buy it again . More trouble than it 's worth , and wasteful .
 Birdfeeder has a couple of design flaws that make it unuseable as far as our yard goes . The top does not fit secure on top -LRB- slips off with the slightest bump -RRB- and the press clip slide on the wire that releases the top to move up and down does not hold securely . Therefore ... top is easily set askew when a squirrel jumps causing the feeder to lean to one side and stay there and spilling seed . I do n't know how the reviewer can say that the seed does n't spill . I lose about a cup of seed everytime the squirrel jumps on it . Cute feeder - bad design . Going to my auction box . Waste of money .
 This is a very attractive feeder , but the problems I have will keep me from buying another.The slide-clip opens with very little pressure - the squirrels pop it open every third or fourth landing.The wire hanger is close to breaking near the slide-clip . The slide-clip is a marvelous idea , but the application is weak.It is very simple to clean . The side panels lift out so they can be thoroughly scrubbed , and once they are out , the inside of the feeder is easily accessible .
 I only had this up for a couple of days , and the squirrels quickly learned how to `` jump '' on it to make it swing wildly which causes the lid to come off -LRB- despite being secured -RRB- and seeds dropping to the ground . The squirrels then drop to the deck and eat the seeds , along with birds and chipmunks . Blasted squirrels !
 Claims to hold 5 pounds , but holds maybe 2 pounds or less of sunflower seeds . I do n't see how it could hold 5 pounds of anything . Plus , design allows birds to scatter a significant number of seeds on the ground . I 'm also concerned about rain getting in through the large openings . I may try to block them partially . It looks nice , but I would n't order another because of the design .
 At first , I was quite pleased with the feeder . It looks nice and the birds -LRB- although restricted to small birds -RRB- frequented this feeder often , to the point where I was going through bird seed fairly quickly . However , when I took a closer look , I found most of the bird feed on the ground . When I started watching the birds very closely , I would estimate that for every seed the bird took from the feeder , 3 or 4 seeds would fall to the ground . The feeding holes are fairly large and I expect this contributes to the seed falling out .
 A design flaw in this feeder . There is no center bar to keep the wire from sliding into the corner . This effectively dumps the seed .
 The squirrels have not managed to get into this bird feeder , but they do n't need to . It spills so much seed that there is plenty for them on the ground . It spills when I try to fill it . It spills when larger birds try to eat . It spills when little birds eat . It spills in the wind . If the seed lands on my deck , the squirrels get it after all . If it lands in a flower pot , it sprouts and I have millet along with flowers.It looks OK and might work if you have squirrels and have a place to hang the feeder where a lot of seed on the ground is not a problem .
 What a ludicrous claim . In a way , I suppose it worked . The feeder was so easy for squirrels to get into , six of them died laughing !
 This is one of the worst bird feeders I 've ever bought . It allows the birds to waste seed and the top does n't stay seated .
 We just received this and the lid comes off super easy and allows all bird feed to fall out . Horrible purchase !
 We ordered 2 but unwrapped and set up one as a trial . In 2 days squirrels and large birds had figured out how to access the seed . We took pictures of our smarter NC squirrels and birds asproof !!
 -LRB- forced by Amazon to re-write this review , strong language maybe -RRB- I ordered the 16 oz Novaqua Plus product . I received an 8 oz bottle of Amquell Plus . These are different products , despite sharing one word in common -LRB- the less fundamental word , `` plus '' ; not similar to other products with the word `` plus '' in them , ie MiracleGro Plus , Tumms Plus , etc. -RRB- I paid $ 5 shipping for a product I did n't order , in the -LRB- smaller -RRB- size I did n't order , for a product that is worth less -LRB- i.e. available for sale -RRB- than what I paid for , and I did n't find this out until too much time had passed.Can you think of a way to mess this up worse ? Maybe if you had mailed me a brick . Yeah , that 'd be worse . Thanks for not sending me a brick!You stink.Thanks for wasting my time and money . I 'd give 0 stars if I could .
 I ca n't recommend it . And it 's way too high a price to pay for a product that does n't produce desired or advertised affect .
 It nearly killed my cat . My cat stopped playing around and looking for food or water right after I put this on her . Instead , she just lying on the ground all day . I felt like she lost all of her enery . I was scared and took it away in the late afternoon . I was going to take her to the ved if she was still likes that the next morning . But thanks God , my cat came back to normal after one night . I am not sure why my cat has a such strong reaction to this . Maybe different cat has different situation .
 I wish I would have researched this better . What I read after I received the collar I would not put on my pet . Can cause possible cancer . No thank you . Will not send back because it will cost me more to send it back then what it cost me to get it . So I wasted money on a product I dare not use.Sincerely , Hannah
 Two cats removed the collar immediately . The third collar remained intact but the powder came off immediately .
 Both cats were infested with fleas , the worse they have ever had within a month of using these collars , and both my cats are indoor only cats . I was very disappointed .
 Here is a quote from an article : RODALE NEWS , EMMAUS , PA -- When most pet owners adorn their dogs or cats with flea collars , they assume the chemicals have been tested for safety . But that 's not always the case . According to a report just released by the Natural Resources Defense Council -LRB- NRDC -RRB- , many name-brand collars on store shelves contain chemicals that can harm pets and their owners , and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency -LRB- EPA -RRB- is n't doing anything to stop them.The report honed in on two particular chemicals , tetrachlorvinphos -LRB- TCVP -RRB- and propoxur , used on national brands of flea collars , including Hartz and Zodiac . TCVP belongs to the class of nerve-damaging chemicals known as organophosphates , most of which are so hazardous that they 've been banned for residential use or for use on pets . Propoxur belongs to a class of chemicals called carbamates , which also cause nerve damage , and it 's on California 's Proposition 65 list of chemicals known to cause cancer . NRDC was particularly concerned with exposure among toddlers and children , who pet animals and then put their hands in their mouths.Both classes of pesticides have come under scrutiny in other indoor and outdoor uses . But , says Gina Solomon , MD , senior scientist at NRDC and lead author of the report , `` When we took a look at the EPA 's files for these chemicals , we were stunned to discover that , after making decision to leave them on the market , they had no scientific data on which to base their decision . The fact that the EPA had n't bothered to see how much residue would end up on fur was a big surprise . ''
 My dog is 16 months old and weighs 13 pounds . Unit is flimsy and the retractable devise is weak . You sometimes get what you pay for .
 It ` s a good product but my dog wo n`t eat them . I purchased 2-3 packs , will probably donate them to a shelter . Too bad , I really wanted her to have a healthy treat .
 I intended to use this on my mini poodle . The only leash I received was the large black one . I am unable to use this leash with my small poodle . I had believed I would be receiving the three leashes in the picture.Other than that it is a well-made leash . It is a bit heavy though , even for a larger dog .
 got this for my mother as a gift for x-mas , we were all disappointed when the light did not work .
 we were very disappointed with the quality of these items . they seem very shabby . i emailed Amazon to try to return but no one replied
 Couldnt even give it away to anyone . This is a very cheaply made product that isnt worth any money as it is unsafe
 this was a soory product.It was about the size of you thumb and my dog hated it and would not eat it.Waste of money and shipping .
 Do n't buy this bottle . It leaks no matter how well you try to close it because the problem is at the nozzle . A small metal ball is designed to fit inside the nozzle to stop water flow but it does n't and water drops constantly . I am going to contact Amazon for refund .
 I wish I had know that this product was changed in a very significant way . We were buying the freeze dried liver for training treats . It was real liver , diced into small pieces that were easy to transport and carry . The product now , with the misleading description of `` center cut '' , is processed liver that has been stamped out . It is soft and extremely crumbly , and is reduced to powder in my pockets in no time . Comparison of the empty container with this new one showed no difference at all except for an adhesive label placed on the cover over the old one . I called the company to ask about the product change ; the rep explained they changed the product to the processed one and said customer feedback indicates people do n't like it . She said the regular , natural liver is still made , and is available at a national chain pet store , but not on Amazon . She kept apologizing , and was unable to explain to me why a correct description is not on the container ; at this price , I would have appreciated a coupon toward the regular product at the pet store , since I have a 3/4 tub of the crumbly stuff that I ca n't use . I wish Amazon would carry the `` old '' product also , with an accurate description . Based on what she said , that is the product with the customer following .
 the seller was a good seller and did a nice job get it on time . but this product i am rate poorly . i brought this product for my new kitten and it is not reliable . the cage came apart while take my kitten to the vet last week i almost lost my brand new kitten when the cage collapse on me . I Do not trust this cage and will never use it again my kitten almost got hit by a car if it was n't for one my vet staff who got her in time . This experince left me pretty shook up .
 I ordered a MED . size carrier for my small siamese kitten going by the products description & recommendation per the size of my kitten . I would hate to see what one of their small kennel really looks like because about the only pet that would probably fit would be a lizard . The plastic and the way its made is very cheep & not as sturdy as the kennels you can purchase @ Walmart or your local pet store and their sizes are correct . So its worth the $ 10 more you may spend buying a kennel local !! I would ` nt recommend to anyone buying a Petmate Kennel !!!
 Cheaply made . I put it together and parts fell off . I could not get the door to fit in the slot , I would have had to use a lot of force.I would not recommend this kennel to anyone .
 I ordered this item from Otis and Claude through amazon and they never sent it to me . I called three times to inquire about the status of my order and was told each time that my order would be taken care of and they would get back to me immediately . I wish they had , but unfortunately they never did . It has been over a month now and Amazon has canceled my order as this seller never completed the order . This experience was very disappointing because instead of following up on my questions and attempts to confirm the order , they just swept me aside and for that lack of customer service , I give them 1 star . I only give them 1 star because this form would not allow me to give them no stars at all .
 My dog ate the hole thing the second we gave it to her and shes still a teething puppy.now thats sad . !!!!!!
 These treats made both of my dogs sick . . I have a 75 lbs boxer dog and a 49lbs dalmatian / terrier dog . Both of them were vomiting & had diarrhea after eating this product .
 i bought these in bulk for a animal rescue donation drive to add to my care package but am returning them IMMEDIATELY after i saw they are produced in China . i did n't realize it at the time or i would have never bought them . I do n't mean to discriminate but I am still very leery of buying any pet products made in China given their extremely poor -LRB- and dangerous ! -RRB- quality control . I bought all three flavors and the chicken flavor in particular gives me pause as its a bright , almost neon , yellow . There are going back asap .
 I wish I had known these were made in China , I never would have bought them . There is currently an epidemic of illness and death related to pet foods manufactured in China , including products by this manufacturere -LRB- Cadet -RRB- . These are going in the garbage .
 I first ordered &#34; Rawhide Munchy Sticks Chicken , 5 &#34; 100 Pack Item # 896 &#34; in 2011 and my pet was delighted so ordered 3 packed in 2012 September ; however my pet was not eager to eat the second order which set me wondering.On checking I realised that the quality had dropped drastically , the sticks are easily broken and my pet finds them unappetizing so I will have to dump the 3 packs of 100 each.I certainly would not be buying these again
 these rib bones are the only bones I have had that my dog wo n't even touch ! Amazing ! they have no meat , no marrow , and I was so surprised that the dog just walk around the house with it . After about a week , I finally just tossed it in the trash and the dog did n't even care . Now I must say , my dog LOVES bones , and frankly , save your money and go to dollar general and for 3.00 buy a big ham bone .
 I purchased this as part of a continuing effort to thwart one of our cats who has a death wish as he refuses to drink out of anything other than a chow 's bowl . While the cat seemed to like this bowl after it was rinsed a few times it stopped drinking out of it about two weeks later . I could n't figure out why at first since we 'd change the water every couple days but then I noticed an odor and skim which had developed on the surface of the plastic jug.I tried a few different ways to clean the jug ranging from scrubbing and shaking rice but the cat would n't drink from it while it was n't worth the effort to really figure out exactly what Microban actually means if bacteria growth starts immediately after the chlorine in the water evaporates.Since it 's cheap , you might give it a shot but we 're currently trying a heated bowl with some success and have no faith in these types of products because even if a pet will drink from the dish , there is a good chance health risks increase the longer it is used . I suspect the product is made for single-use and if that 's the case it should be clearly described as such .
 bought it for my chihuahua and place it outside on my covered porch . She would use it initially , but after a few weeks , she stopped using it . I tried changing water , washing the bowl and the water tank , but she still refused to use it . She rather risk falling into the pond to drink from the pond instead -LRB- my pond has water plants and kois , but it does have a filler with UV lights -RRB- . I noticed there are some greenish grime inside the water tank near the ` neck ' . I tried to use a cotton swap to clean it , but was not able to get rid of all of them because of the 90 degree angle and the neck is narrow . So the `` microban ' part does n't workso I bought a new one . Again , my dog would use it for a few weeks and stop using it . this time , I do n't see any grime in the water tank . I removed the tank , wash the bowl , and just pour fresh water in the bowl , and she still would n't use it . She would , however , drink from the stainless steel bowl intended for food -LRB- and I never wash it -RRB- . So I believe it is the plastic that cause bad taste to the water . It would be a great product if they can make it stainless steel .
 I 've gone through two of the 5 gallon water dispensers . I kept them in my yard for my lab but not exposed to much if any direct sunlight , and we do n't get cold enough to freeze the water but the plastic bottles still crack and split after about a year . This was n't an isolated experience because I 've gone through two of them and both have cracked and split after a year of use . The replacement bottles are n't cheap and not any better made than the original so I 'm looking for a better product . I just wish they had thicker stronger bottles because then I 'd buy another .
 This water dispenser works just fine and my dogs have no problem drinking from it . I have a problem with cleaning it , however . I keep it outside and in the summer months , it will develop a green mold or algae inside the jug and also in the bowl . Since there is only the small narrow spout for an opening , there is no way to get any kind of brush in there to clean it . I ended up having to soak it in bleach water to remove the green stuff inside .
 Be prepared to replace the weak plastic bottle within a year . Oh , yeah , you ca n't buy a replacement bottle , you have to buy a whole new unit !
 I started off using this as the primary water dish for my pets , however within a very short amount of time , I 'd have to dump out all the water to clean it because a nasty , clear slime would start growing in the dish-YUCK ! I decided to start using a pet water fountain as their primary water source , because it 's constantly moving and there 's a filter , it stays clean a bit longer.However , this is great for cats , if you 're away on vacation . But , because of the slime factor , I do n't like to use this unless I have to .
 THe Dog refuses to drink out of this thing . Ive been trying for months and he just wo n't budge . I do n't know if its making the water taste funny but while it seemed like a good idea the pet hates it .
 Not what I expected . Has the big hole instead of the small hole for the water to come out . With this a lot of dirt and junk gets back into the water jug .
 This waterer is a great concept , but does have some drawbacks . For starters , one of my dogs is scared to death of it and wont come near it because when the water level in the bowl gets low it gurgles just like a water cooler at work . The first time it happened she was drinking out of it and it freaked her out and now wont go near it . The other dog is just fine with it , but then again he 's deaf , so the gurgle does n't bother him . lol . The other issue i had with this is just like all water bowls , it gets dirty . so you still have to clean it as often as you would any other water bowl , but it 's a bit more cumbersome having to take the big jug off , clean the bowl and but the jug back on . So , if your dog is n't afraid of the noise it makes and you do n't mind the extra hassle cleaning it , it 's great . Otherwise , just get a large bowl ; that 's what i ended up having to do .
 While it functions great as a pet waterer , the Microban does not work very well . We have to clean it every time we fill it -LRB- used with dogs -RRB- . It is only a few months old and will get green over several days . We contacted the company and got virtually no support -- just a note that we may need to clean it occasionally . No kidding . That 's what we told them . So good waterer , terrible customer support , and does not stay clean very well .
 the water bottle easily falls off , the top portion of the dispenser will pop off . great for a small dog , not good for a medium or big dog . Dog easily accidentally knocks the water bottle off and when that happens the top part of the dispenser is dislodged .
 I used this for a couple of months for my two Brittany Spaniels . It worked fine in every aspect EXCEPT one of the most important -- I could n't clean the inside of the bottle which started growing a slimy film near the opening . I threw it out and purchased the product by PetSafe and am MUCH happier with it .
 As others have noted , this system works exceedingly well up until the time that the bottle develops a crack -- & make no mistake , the plastic used for the bottle is so brittle that it will eventually crack if it is even slightly mishandled . The `` antibacterial '' aspect could be better as well . I have had some success in using RTV to seal cracks , but eventually you 're going to have to replace the unit .
 I have had this for about a month and have two 50 pound dogs that go through about 5 gallons a week . Seemed like a good fit for this bottle -LRB- note that the pic is of the 5 gallon dog food dispenser and not the waterer -RRB- . Well , within a day or two of using it the dogs refused to drink from it . I pulled the bottle and poured a glass of water from it and it tasted awful . The plastic leaches chemicals into the water and the dogs wanted nothing to do with it . They drink out of some of the most rancid puddles and mud holes and they would n't touch this water . I can only use this dish without the bottle attached for them to use it . I would only suggest this for someone with enough dogs to empty it daily - otherwise the chemical taste of the water will get too strong .
 The waterer jug is constructed of a single molded piece of plastic with a small outlet and a 90-degree step inside the jug . Even a bottle brush can not reach the sharp corner inside the jug where the mold will accumulate . You 'd need a special hinged brush to reach the corner.The waterer base has a keyed removable top , and it is at least possible to reach most of the surfaces , but there are undesirable crevices which are hard to clean out . Worse , the surface finish is quite rough . It is thus impossible to remove the microscopic algae growth , so it quickly comes back.It 's a great idea but poorly executed . If they 'd designed it right , they would n't have to impregnate the plastic with microbicides !
 I am not happy with this water as it needs to be cleaned daily for the bottom and you need a babby bottle brush to clean the water reservor or you will get slime collecting in the bottle and in the wattering area where your cat drinks . The scum will not make your can sick but after getting 2 drinkwells I will never go back to a Bistro water !
 These pet `` silos '' are a wonderful invention to keep the `` Baby 's '' bowlsfilled and to keep the owner from bending over sooo frequently !!! HOWEVER-the Petmate Le Bristo , besides being a bit `` pricey `` is rather difficult to fill-or - rather difficult to place on the floor once filled.Since the product `` bottle '' dosent actually lock securely to the base , once you have filled it with food -LRB- or worse -RRB- with water , you flip it right side up.Then , you bend to place it on the floor & POW !! - it slips apart and all the cereal -LRB- or water -RRB- is spilled everywhere !!! The actual owners of this product know what I 'm describing !! So once this unit is filled & placed in `` Baby 's '' feeding area-all is well-BUT if you spill , you will be vacuuming or mopping for an hour !!!
 The photo is deceiving . This arrived without a lid , so you have to tip it over to fill , and try and fit it in the bottom without spilling the water all over . I think they are using a photo of the FEEDER , which does have a lid . This is a big difference.The feeder is great , but I will probably return the waterer , it 's too hard to fill .
 Brand new and bottom broke . very expensive as well . Too bad I can not send back . I had it for alot of animals outside . My chicken coop caught winter electrical fire , so bottle got burnt anyway .
 The photo shows one waterer and a feeder , when you order you 'll getone waterer only which is the same as written description but you feelcheated if you order by the photo and expecting both .
 If I could rate this lower than one star , I would ! I received a petmate le bistro feeder some months ago . I could n't use it immediately because of a medical condition of one of my cats . A month ago I took it out of the box , programmed it and was very satisfied for about two and a half weeks . Then it stopped working . I put in new batteries -LRB- even though the ones in it should have still been good -RRB- . I tried to reprogram it and it does not work . I went on the internet to find an e-mail address for Petmate Le Bistro , but there is none . I tried to call the 800 number that is listed . I was on hold for 45 minutes and then I lost patience . It is good for nothing and I will junk it . I am certainly not going to wait even another 5 minutes for that company to answer the phone . Thank you for letting me review this very expensive product that certainly does not work from a company that could n't care less .
 The lower bowl part will last forever but the water tank lasts a month outside . Between the sun and cold air , the plastic get weak right away and the slightest touch will crack the top . I have gone through 3 of them . All with exactly the same results .
 The water definitely gets stagnant before my cat can drink it . What I like is the look of it , because I put it right next to our water machine and it looks really cute there !
 I bought the LeBistro Portion Control Feeder and for the first 12 feeding times at breakfast and lunch it worked like a champ . Then it stopped delivering meals . Fortunately I was aware of it - I bought it for when we went away for weekends , but wanted to be sure the cat would n't starve while we were gone so set it up to feed . The Waterer I bought is fine . It 's just a little water cooler . I wish it were a little more solid though.Back to the Feeder - I had to reset the whole thing twice before it worked . I had the right times and portions but just did n't drop the food . I 'm going to give it another week or so before I ask to have it replaced.When it works it 's great - good design for the cost . Pretty easy to set up.But intermittent behavior defeats the purpose of being able to leave with confidence .
 I used this waterer for several months . I had always rinsed it out with fresh water before refilling it , and scrubbed the bottom part . Within 2 days , the bottom part would always start growing an orange slime on it , and I smelled the plastic water-holder part , and it smells like algae -LRB- although none is visible -RRB- . I feel awful for using this product for my cat , and have switched to a regular bowl that I can thoroughly clean daily . I am only keeping the automatic water dish in the event I 'm away a day or two . Other than that , DO NOT USE FOR DAILY WATER .
 My new cat 4 mo. old could see bottom of spout-nipple-water exit point and kept reaching in to pull on it , leading too a huge mess as it then pawed at the water in the bowl as i guess it was it the way.digging might better explain as it threw the water out of the tray/pan onto the floor as fast as it could -LRB- yes it is now funny -RRB- . Only saying so because last one only had a small hole for water to come out of into pool/drinking area.Only needed a new bottle but was just as cheap to get new assembly.re-inventing the wheel in this case did not work with my cat who has now become bored with it and finally just drinks out of it.hope this helps .
 My one-year-old terrier mix had long chewed through a raggedy squeaky pig we gave him for Christmas , and I was looking for something cute and fun to give him , as he 's been exercising his chewing skills on my rattan coffee table in absence of proper squaky entertainment . -LRB- He has plenty of other toys , but he really , really liked his piggie ! -RRB- I happened upon this item , and the four squeakers + grunter seemed like a great way to keep him busy for a while -- a couple weeks , at least . I received the item shortly and looks a bit uglier and scragglier than the item pictured -LRB- no markdown for this , production of stuffed animals overseas is spotty at best -RRB- . Tested it out myself first
 Perhaps our persnickety dogs are just way too sophisticated to try dog treats , probably preferring people treats . Nevertheless , neither dog -LRB- a corgi and a lhaso apso -RRB- would touch this stuff . YMMV .
 When you get dog treats that are 10 &#34; long and your dog cant even hold them to snack on them because they are so long thats pretty bad . They need to be about 4 &#34; in order for the dog to hold them to snack . I had to saw them in half .
 While my dogs loved these , several hours after eating one they both vomited . The next day I gave them each another one and they both vomited again .
 I googled these treats - as I now do for all pet snack products - and learned that these , too , have made the dreaded list of dog products made in China . Other reviewers who have taken the time to write about this spoiled , rancid garbage that has made their dogs ill are completely right . Sure , the imported treats are very cheap , but ones that are stamped A Product of China or Made In China , Taiwan , etc. , should be avoided at any and all cost . The spoiled meats cause liver and kidney failure and are deadly because they are poison . Period .
 I have already contacted the company that sells these and your company . These dog chews are horrible ! I actually gagged when I opened the package . They smell like rotten beef . I did n't realize that they were made in another country either until I got them . They are not fit to feed to a rat . I am very upset about this and now trusting the companies you deal with . You can see that I buy much from amazon , and have never complained before . I believe I should be compensated for this terrible experience .
 at 6am , I would not buy these . I gave some to my American Pitbull Terrier Mix last night and this morning I woke up to a horrific scene . I wish I had known they were from brazil as well before I bought them .
 I 'm certainly no expert on the anatomy of cows . Nor are my dogs . But everyone noticed when suddenly our long-time favorites , Cadet 's Beef Tendons , definitely changed . For the worse . We do n't buy them anymore - whatever they are now.For over a year , I would order a new 1 pound bag about every six weeks . We have a Papillion-mix and two purebred Dachshunds , who are insanely hardworking chewers . Obsessive , possessive , and picky , too . Well , with those three and the frequent visits of the extended family 's dogs , those tendons were hugely popular and went fast.Like I said , I 'm no expert , but I can describe what we used to get
 This is the second time I bought these beef tendons . The first time they were fine - the shape was long , the way they are supposed to be , and they were easy for my dog to chew . But this last time , the shapes were bulky and awkward and resulted in my dog 's choking on one of these irregular and strange-shaped pieces that she tried to swallow and that got stuck in her throat . The choking episode went on for 15 minutes and ended only when she vomited her entire stomach contents . it was very frightening .
 Merlin loved them , but they 're hard and sharp like glass . He 's cough and hack after eating them . He liked them so much tho ' that I decided I 'd try to soften them by letting them soak in water overnight . That did n't work -- I threw the rest of them out fearing for the health of my dog .
 Once I opened the package , there was a terrible smell resembling decay/rotting fish that came from these . I tried to `` air ' them out to see if the smell would go away , only to have my next door neighbor tell me about a `` dead animal smell '' that she could smell all the way up from her 2nd floor apartment 300 feet away . Sure enough , I brought her over to where these were `` aerating '' and it was the culprit . -LRB- I guess the wind was blowing just right that day -RRB- . I have purchased other products from this brand previously with no issues . But whatever this was , the smell was too awful to give to the dog .
 Dog threw up each time she ate one before we had to throw out . Not sure if it was just my dog but I would n't recommend for every dog .
 I will not order this again - many of the pieces were fused together and I could not cut them apart , leaving me no option but to give them to my dog - making for a very big treat -LRB- which he loved -RRB- but a very expensive treat .
 Read the packages carefully before buying . Cadet is known for `` irradiating '' their products . That is not `` all natural . '' Our holistic vet advises to never feed irradiated or `` high-pressure pasturised '' products to animals . It 's not worth the risk and it definitely puts more toxic junk into their systems.Merrick is not great either . They own their own rendering plant in TX . Road kill ; euthanized pets ; diseased , dead , dying , and downed animals are allowed and included in rendered meats and by-products .
 First , I waited for over two weeks to get what appeared to be a good alternative to the chicken sticks that my Shih Tzus love . Imagine my disgust when I opened the box of Cadet Natural Beef Tendons Canine Treats and found black bugs in the bag and in the packing box . In addition , the Cadet treats are not as depicted in the picture . I expected sticks , not these humongous strips , fit for a Great Dane . I immediately dumped the whole box into the trash , called Amazon , who were very apologetic and immediately refunded my purchase . Thank you , Amazon ! But shame on Cadet ! I am boycotting all of their products and will never buy another item from them , ever !!! The lesson for me is read the customer reviews . Had I done so , I would have avoided the whole horrible experience and I would n't be making chicken strips for my Shih Tzus right now.Cadet 1-Pound Bag 100-Percent Natural Beef Tendons Canine Treats
 I almost fell over when I opened the bag . Product was rotten . I returned it for a full refund .
 I cut it up into smaller pieces for my terrier . She really seemed to go for the treat but after about 2 weeks , I think it 's what 's making her vomit . She is fine on the days I do n't give it to her , but the handful of times I did , sure enough , the same day or next day , she would throw up.I 'm returning the product . Also , it smells pretty bad . I 'll stick to piggy slivers .
 These crack loudly when she chews them . I prefer bully sticks -LRB- as does she -RRB- . These are n't really worth it - they are loud , go quickly , and the pieces are unwiedly sizes . These are not a bully stick substitute .
 Yeah my 20 pound Chug tore through one of these in about 3 minutes . I 'm going back to bully sticks .
 I have ordered these before and was happy with them . They were long and usually curled length wise in sort of like a stick of cinnamon . The dogs enjoyed them with nothing left behind . This time I ordered 3 packages and they were flat shapes and irregular sizes . These shredded into small sharp shard-like pieces that looked decidedly dangerous and the dogs could n't finish them . If they had tried I think these would have caused harm . At these prices I wo n't risk it again .
 These are complete crap . They are not the beef tendons they used to be , or that shown in the picture on amazon . What I received is some kind of dried out , pressed flat , jerky like wafers . Also the label in the picture on amazon says `` 100 percent natural '' but the label on the package I received says `` premium quality '' . What I received is junk that I 'm afraid to even feed my dog .
 This product is not at all the same as the Old West Beef Tendons . I am very dissatisfied with this product ! They were not chewy but very brittle with a disgusting powdery coating .
 These do not get chewy and soft ... they are glass-hard , and broke 3 of my mini poodles rear teeth , one of which had to be extracted ! I bought these to help keep her teeth clean , not destroy her teeth ! My recommendation is to avoid at all costs.Note that our vet said not to give our dogs anything to chew that is too hard to indent with your fingernail . She recommended Bully Sticks and rawhide chews .
 Great price . Our dog loves them . But wow , these smell really , really bad . They do n't leave any stains based on artificial coloring but we wo n't order these again based on the odor - worse smelling than any other variety we 've tried in 13 years of dog ownership .
 I need to find a new source of tendon chews for my 3 small dogs -LRB- 30 lbs . and under -RRB- . I purchased these a couple of times and only a few were really large . Previous tendons I 've purchased have been round , evidently these are flattened and they are hard as rocks . So there 's a huge piece that I can seldom break into smaller pieces , so I get little value for my money . It seems it would n't be that difficult for Cadet to at least break these into 1/2 &#34; wide pieces instead of 1 &#34; plus , then it might be possible to break a 10-12 &#34; piece in half . My dogs are also having diarrhea this time and they never get diarrhea from tendons . I wo n't be ordering these again .
 These are the worst beef tendons my dogs have ever had . They hated this brand . It 's smelly , thick , and splinters when they chew it . Terrible product . We 've been looking for a back up brand since Old West Beef Tendons have n't been available for months , and Cadet Tendons sure is n't it ...
 I expected this would be/look like what was shown on the bag . . the beef tendons , the slightly rounded twisty things I 've always gotten before , but these were SUPER flat and easily crunched ... these are not the beef tendons pictured in THIS bag used as the photograph unfortunately .
 Will not order this product again ... terrible odor & strips too thin , poor for dog - chewing . Was expecting something totally different .
 I bought 2 , one for each of my hamsters . Neither one went inside it nor did they acknowledge it . I think it was too small for them . I recommend this product for the smaller dwarf hamsters . When I place them in it , it just fit them but left no room for them to do anything . Would you want to sleep in cramped quarters ?
 I purchased these for Christmas and I was disappointed that these bones splinter . I guess I got what I paid for .
 It seemed like a good idea , a ball to fetch/chew and ropes to chew and tug . After less then 10 minutes with this toy our 14 lb , 4 month old puppy had already tore off a piece of the rope that we had to fish out of his mouth to avoid him from swallowing it.The ends of the ` ropes ' are sealed as if in a glue that comes off as the puppy chews . The rope then came apart in chunks . Not for a teething puppy !
 My 60lb retriever destroyed this toy in about 10 minutes . Not only did she manage to tear pieces off the rubber ball but was also able to tear through the pieces of rope that were attached . If you have a medium/large dog I would not buy this .
 There is another version of this Petstages toy , also called Hearty Chew , that is fantastic . It 's ball with holes and ropes just like this one , except the ropes are a different material - they do n't have the hard nubs at the end that reviewers have complained about here . You can tell it 's the other version because the ball is orange and red and the ropes are purple , green and blue . It lasted 2 months , longer than any other toy , and my puppy played with it aggressively every day . The ball is still intact but the ropes are too frayed , only the green rope is left.But so far , I ca n't find it at Amazon.com ...
 Do n't even bother buying this if you have a medium or large dog . I have a medium sized dog and we just bought this for him yesterday . Within the first 10 minutes we gave it to him , he already had a hole bit through the rubber ball and chewing pieces off . I will definitely contact the company and tell them what happened . Right here on the cardboard it came on says `` Combines strong rope and durable ball for hours of chewing satisfaction . '' Hours ? It did n't even last 10 minutes for my dog !
 Please do n't leave your dog alone with this toy if your dog is a chewer . After a few minutes , my dog had frayed the ends of all the ropes . This is the second -LRB- and final -RRB- purchase I will make of Stages products . They are overpriced , poorly thought out , , constructed from weak materials , and at worse ... dangerousI am giving it 2 stars because at least the ball in the middle is durable .
 there is no way of spilting the tablet in half . . it is too big and thick . . have to use a pill cutter ... before they redid the tablet you can spilt it in half with your fingers ... customer service at hartz was very indifferent and seem like they didnt care ... bad customer service and offer no remedy to the situation ...
 My puppy -LRB- he is 7 months old -RRB- was on a beef and rice diet for a while . I decided that he probably could use some vitamins , so I started giving him these vitamins once a day . The day after I started him on the vitamins , he became constipated and did not have a bowel movement until the day after I stopped feeding him the vitamins . He was on the vitamins for a week - that 's a long time for a dog to not go ! The plus side is that they are easy to find and cheap , so if your dog does not have a sensitive digestive system , maybe the vitamins wo n't have this affect on him/her .
 I bought these for our cats as they are ~ 10 yrs old and I was hoping this would help them clean their teeth . I should 've known though that the cats would not be interested in something bought specifically for them . One cat does like to bat them around on the floor from time to time , but no one is interested in chewing on these at all.So , at least one cat gets a bit of use out of them , although they are n't performing the task I 'd hoped . Do n't buy them unless you 're pretty confident that your cats will actually want to chew on them .
 Frankly they prefer a cardboard box to this toy . They did n't even try to chew it .
 My kittens will play with just about anything . I 've tried over and over to interest them in these two toys but they can not be coaxed into accepting them . I bought them as soon as I noticed them begin teething and now that they are 6 months old they still do n't care for these toys . Maybe you will have better luck ...
 My cat is barely interested in these . I love the idea behind these toys but my cat would much rather have a toy that that crunches & crinkles . If your cat is n't as picky about toys as mine is , I 'd definitely recommend trying them . Their size & colors are fabulous -LRB- just wish my cat agreed -RRB- !
 these were supposedly the ultimate chew toy for cats . given that my 2month old kitten keeps on trying to bite me , and keeps chewing on EVERYTHING , i thought i 'd give this a try . he was ZERO interested . turns out there is catnip in this , and kittens under 3 months can not smell catnip yet . i do not know if he will eventually like it , but i will update if that is the case . right now , tho , he still tries to bite my fingers off .
 I bought these because our 2 kittens are teething and I thought they would be a great chew toy for them . Unfortunately , neither of our kittens has had any interest in them .
 I purchased these for my son 's 5-month old puppy ; but I was very disappointed when they arrived and I saw how small they were . I ended up giving them to a friend who has a cat . They are way too small unless the dog is toy-size .
 While this is a nice toy , according to the packaging it is a cat toy , not a dog toy . Fortunately I was able to give it as a gift , but had purchased it for my puppy -- not suitable at all . Orka toys are generally great , this one is just mislabeled .
 These look like a great idea and I wanted something to help clean my cat 's teeth . The only problem is that he does n't use them . They 're sitting on my floor and I do n't think he 's ever picked one up .
 My seven month old kitty ripped through this chew toy in less than a month . Durability fail .
 Lots of trouble . Even though I used it as directed , no result . I wish I knew the answer to our problem , but this was not it .
 I have a shih tzu puppy who gets nothing but the best food and filtered water . I tried this product diligently as directed , both the liquid and powder - no success - a big waste of money . No way I can use a small comb around her eyes - Very disappointed !
 I purchased this product for my white boxer puppy . After two weeks of twice a day use I did not see any improvements . I would not waste money on this .
 I purchased eye envy to use on my two Maltese , both with red tear stains . One dog has minor staining , while the other has severe . I already tried dietary changes to reduce the staining and give my dogs distilled water and food products without dyes . I read other reviews and saw pictures on their site of cases where eye envy worked well , so I thought I would give it a try . I followed the directions and applied the product to my pets ' eyes 1-2 times per day for three months . I did n't notice any changes at all and was very disappointed in the price I paid when I observed no results . I think temporary result can be noticed when the stains are covered with a flaky white powder -LRB- only a cover up -RRB- . I would not recommend wasting your time or money with this product . In addition , each bottle expires after 3 months so you have to buy a new supply even if you have some left .
 Yet again another disappointment . I have a maltese and she is adorable except for the tear stains . I have tried everything including Angel Eyes . I decided to try one more product and that was eye envy . It just did not work and the powder was more on me than her . It is frustrating that there are so many products out there with positive reviews and I have not found one yet that lives up to their claims .
 I tried this on my American Eskimo for 3wks , then I gave up . It did absolutely nothing to help erase the staining . Save your money !
 Do n't waste your money , have been using this on my 8 month old white Pom for 2 months , and the stains are still there , its expensive , messy and does not work , what more can I say
 We bought this yesterday at Petco . Our betta , Diego , was dead by morning.We thought the tank was great until we put Diego in it . As soon as we turned on the air pump , it looked like he was struggling . We turned it off . We thought maybe he was just stressed -LRB- he lived a bowl for four months -RRB- so we decided to turn the air pump back on a short time later so he could become accustomed to it . After a couple of hours , he had planted himself on the bottom of the tank . This is normal betta behavior so I thought he had gotten used to his new surroundings . A couple of hours after that , he floating at the top . We turned off the air pump and went in to retrieve the carcass but he swam away from the net . Our little guy held on for a little while . He died in the night.Though this tank is very nice looking , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SUPPLIED AIR PUMP FOR BETTAS . The current is too strong . Bettas come from Southeast Asia , specifically , river drainage basins of in Thailand and Cambodia . In their natural habitat , the water is very near stagnant . The current created by the pump provided by All-Glass is very strong and might be fine for a goldfish but if you want your betta friend to live , get a smaller pump or none at all .
 I was so excited to buy this for my 7 year old grandson for Christmas . His mother put it together for him after Christmas . The pump was extremely loud so she called the company `` Absouletly Pets '' . She returned it to them , but they had no more . Now , that it is after Christmas we will have to figure out how to make it up to him.First time buyer on Amazon.com . Very disappointed .
 The envelope of the acceesorios must be reviewed so that the great tube I arrive broken
 Since I bought this , my cat went from throwing up once every couple of weeks to almost every day . I think because the pellets are larger and hard to bite , he 's more prone to swallowing them whole , which is hard on his stomach . I suspect this because the vomit comes out in large , undigested chunks . What a waste of money .
 I used to buy the Friskies dental diet for my four year old feline , who had severe gingivitis , resulting in terrible breath and tooth decay . The Friskie 's , for being a cheap brand , actually did a pretty good job of improving this condition , since she refuses to let me brush . However , they took this food off the market . The remaining 2 options are this food and Hill 's . Finding this online with the free shipping and the cheaper price sealed the deal for me , as they do n't usually have it in the store , and her oral condition was deteriorating again . I had been feeding her a hairball and healthy weight formula just because it was what my other cat ate in the meantime , and was happy to have a new dental food.After slowly switching her over , I realized this food really is n't as good as it seems . It mildly improved her teeth , but her breath is still awful and I can see tartar -LRB- compared to the improvement I saw from the Friskie 's -RRB- . She now has started coughing up hairballs almost every other day , and she is gaining weight rapidly , even though I feed her less than a cup a day . She also acts hungry all the time . I checked the amount of fat in this food , and it is almost double the healthy weight formula . So I can feed her a normal amount and she will continue to get fatter -LRB- been on it for about 3 months , and has gained at least 2 pounds -RRB- or I can starve her so she maintains a normal weight . I recommend checking the nutrition or even trying the Hill 's if your cat has severe gum/tooth disease , weight issues , or hairball problems . The other reviewers gave it favorable ratings , however , so maybe if your cat has mild problems it will work for you .
 I know that dog toys do n't last but I have a 28lb Beagle and he likes to chew I got him this for his first birthday and first the package on Amazon looks much bigger then it actually is to say it is a trinket is an understatement and it lasted about 1 hour before it was done . I dont recommend this but I highly recommend Kong products as they are very good but this was a disappointment .
 I think this may be a great product , and is why I bought it . However , mine NEVER worked -LRB- and hence was never actually used , it was just taken out of the box ! -RRB- The remote would beep the collar but not spray . Seller did have manufacturer send new batteries -LRB- which further delayed my getting a good response to this situation -RRB- . New batteries arrived , item still did n't spray , but seller would only refer me to dealing directly with the manufacturer , to get a replacement , even though I responded within their advertised 30 day return policy . Please read seller information and return policies CAREFULLY ! Even if you get them to take something back -LRB- only if never opened ... if opened and does n't work , they toss you to the manufacturer -RRB- , there is a 25 % RESTOCKING FEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Pretty exorbitant and not Amazon type service I have come to expect over many years of buying from Amazon ! Be very careful of sellers that are not Amazon ... sometimes it is n't very clear it is not Amazon . My feedback on Seller is on feedback page and seller responded , but I do n't get a chance to respond to their feedback , which gives the misconception that I actually used this product ! I could n't have used it as it did n't work ! If you want to buy this , I 'd recommend a reputable pet store such as Pet Smart where you can easily take an item back if it does n't work and get a refund . Even if they are willing to replace something , you may not want to risk having future problems with it in a month or two and would want a refund , which most stores have no problem with doing for you . Next time I go the established pet stores .
 Great idea - but the remote is way to sensitive . I try to be very careful with it , but if you ever put it in your pocket you are likely to fire at the wrong time . That is not fair to the dog and will ruin any positive impact I hope to gain from this as a training device.The buttons should be inset , have a cover , or require holding for a couple seconds before firing to prevent this issue .
 Stopped working in the first month , had only used a few times . Tried replacing batteries , filling with spray and nothing ...
 Description did n't include ingredients , and I wish it had . Garlic is toxic to dogs , it is bad for their kidneys . Now I have to return this stuff and keep buying the same old treats that cost 2x as much .
 I purchased this crate after reading the reviews and had some high hopes . I was tired of coming home only to find my living room destroyed from my 1.5 year old boxer . After putting her -LRB- 50 lbs -RRB- in the crate for less than 1 hour , I came home to find that she was able to bend the crates ' wiring at will and easily escape . It is being held together with zip ties now -LRB- after two days of use ! -RRB- . I would not recommend this product for any large/strong dog . Very disappointed .
 my 8 month old pit bull puppy broke out of the side of this -LRB- not even one of its two doors - he got out the side -RRB- . I really wish I could find a better made crate because he has severe separation anxiety , even for 10 minutes , and we have to go to work like normal people . He is absolutely not ready to be left home alone .
 My dog loved these , too . But then I found out they 're made in China . I wo n't let my dog ingest anything or play with anything that 's made in China.It 's too bad , it ' a a great price and the dog does love them . I 'm looking for a good replacement made in the US .
 My dachshund is a power chewer and up to this point all of his Kong toys have been indestructible . Within 20 minutes of giving him this toy it was falling apart . Total waste of $ $ .
 If your dog is a strong chewer at all , do n't buy this toy !! My medium-sized golden retriever chewed through the rubber ends on this in less than 5 minutes ! He enjoys other Kong products , but this one 's a bust , do n't buy it .
 My 80 lb lab-mix liked this thing in the beginning -LRB- it was hard for me to stuff , though -RRB- , but started chewing off the ridges . Now he 's nibbled down the two ends . I have many MANY other Kong toys -LRB- MANY ! -RRB- and this one and the tug toy were , by far , the most prone to wear . Add to that the difficulty stuffing it and I do n't think I 'd buy it again .
 What a terrible toy.I had hoped that this toy would withstand my dog 's chewing . He has never managed to destroy his classic Kong , not even a little piece . But this dental Kong toy has been poorly executed.The idea is good -- who would n't want a toy that both entertains dogs and cleans their teeth?But it is those very ridges that make this toy a disaster . The ridges are thin enough for my Border Collie to chew them off . He seemed fine with it for the first few minutes or so , kind of gnawing away . But then he started biting off little pieces of the toy , which made a mess.I 'm just glad he did n't start eating the pieces.Furthermore , the hole inside the toy is too long and too small , like a little open-ended tunnel . If you put peanut butter inside , your dog wo n't be able to get more than the lick 's worth on either end . I did n't want to leave PB within the center of the tunnel , and clean-up was an awkward mess.Kong said this toy was suited for dogs between 30 and 65 pounds , but my 50-pound pooch was hardly able to carry it in his mouth . Instead , he had to lie down and patiently lick the peanut butter off the sides . Then the toy , of course , rolled over , getting dirt and other debris on the food.It 's no wonder that my dog lost interest in this `` toy '' after the first day and abandoned it to rot in the backyard . Even now , I can see it outside , rough and damaged by the sun , taunting me.I just wish dog toy companies would finally get it in their heads that they need to make a toy that is BOTH durable and fun . Nowadays , it just seems like you get one or the other . The toy ca n't be destroyed , but it 's so tough and heavy that the dog does n't want to play with it . Or else the dog loves the toy , but it 's usually furry and flimsy and is destroyed within the hour .
 We have a 30lb dog who likes to chew and he destroyed the end of this toy in minutes . The gaps between the rubber provide too much for a dog to grip to and pull on ... and then it is destroyed.Not a good toy for any dog that likes to actually chew !
 I have a 13 1/2 lb . ShihTzu/Yorkie mix . She is a chewer , so I got the Medium `` 15-35 lb . '' rated `` Medium '' Stick . I added a treat & luckily I supervised the puppy the first time I gave her the KONG Dental Stick . Within 5-10 min . at the most , she had several chunks of rubber off the end of the stick . In the past , the only toys I gave her when totally unsupervised were KONG toys . This product is definitely not nearly as durable as their other items . Unless your dog is a very gentle chewer , this is NOT a safe item . I have never had a problem with a KONG product before , but I DO NOT recommend this item .
 This Dental Chew is no good . We gave it to our four month old Labrador puppy & within 10mins , we had piles of red rubber on the ground & she had also eaten some.I would not recommend this dental stick to anyone . I have sent it back to hopefully get a refund .
 This toy is supposed to be chewed . It is a dental stick . My 6 month old lab chewed both ends off the first week . I had to take it away from him because he ate pieces of it . It was a waste of money and not safe for even moderate chewers .
 My dogs love the classic Kongs . I was hoping to change it up with this product , but my dogs were n't really interested . The filling was too hard for them to reach . It was even worse for me . This thing is practically impossible to clean thoroughly . This is going in the trash .
 This item lasted about two and a half weeks with our 6 month old lab . It was n't long and he had chewed the edges of it and pieces started showing up all over the living room and in his `` droppings '' . I think they need to make an extreem dental stick !
 I bought this for my Lab and Sharpie . They are both heavy chewers and with the Kong brand I thought it would do the trick . I was wrong . Within 5 minutes thy had already started to pull it apart . This toy was the quickest that they have destroyed a toy .
 He 's the expert - not me . Has chewed a total of about 30minutes over the past 5 months . ALL kong products so far - my 3 dogs think they suck . Except the fuzzy lamb .
 I am not sure what the purpose of this toy is , since it did not even last five minutes . The little grooves are seemingly pointless , as the kinds of treats you would stick in there -LRB- what , like a cheese spray ? -RRB- would end up all over your carpet.I gave the toy to my dog with the idea that it was for chewing , but she immediately broke off pieces by getting her teeth into the grooves. :-LRB- Not for strong chewers .
 This product contains CORN SYRUP . I have been adding glucosamine to my dog 's food for the past three years and never before have I purchased a product containing corn syrup . I avoid this unnecessary additive in my own food , and would never expect to find it in a health product for pets . The industry is in serious need of regulation !!!
 Kong ` Wobblers ' hold up very well , but THIS ONE DOES NOT LAST . Sure , Dogga loved it , but in a month it was torn to pieces.Kong Company wake up
 I do n't like this toy . It 's an odd shape , does n't roll and a weird space for treats . You have to break the treats up to get them to fit then they just fall out ! Do n't waste your money !
 I pushed several * cookies * inside this Kong Stuff a Ball for my 11 month old Rottweiler . 15 minutes and he had the end chewed right off it ! I thought these things were near indestructible ? They are supposed to be made for your dog to have to work at getting the cookies . Mine just ate it ! For the money , I could have bought him 2 or 3 cheaper toys to eat .
 I bought this for my miniature poodle -LRB- 17 lbs . -RRB- , and it is HUGE ! He ca n't begin to open his mouth wide enough to address the `` slots '' where you put squirt cheese ! The holes in the end are wide , too -LRB- about 1 '' -RRB- , so it would take some mighty big kibble not to fall out ! The wrapper says 15-35 pounds -LRB- the size is not addressed anywhere in the description for this product - that I can find -RRB- . This toy is 3 '' in diameter and 3 '' in height . I think it 's more appropriate for a med-large dog like a dobe . I 'm sending it back.A friend gave me a `` flying saucer '' - shaped toy -LRB- `` Busy Buddy Twist 'n Treat '' -RRB- . The dog has to push the toy around to get the reward . The two halves unscrew , and you put kibble in it . Depending on how big the kibble pieces are , you adjust how far you screw the parts in toward each other . The first time , leave the hole open pretty much all the way so the dog can see result of his rolling it around . -LRB- I do n't know if it 's available here on Amazon , but if it is , I 'm going to get a second one for my puppy . His big brother is in no way interested in sharing his ! -RRB- mb
 I have a brutally aggressive chewer -LRB- 35 lb springer spaniel mix -RRB- . She rips toys apart with her incisors . She ripped the tabs off around the hole opening in a few minutes . She has not done any additional damage to the main body of the ball . I am sure the ball would be great for normal chewers , but the tabs around the hole could not stand up to my beast .
 I have a small dog and within minutes she had parts of this Kong toy chewed off . I purchased the Kong because of its high ratings with other consumers but it is not the item if you have a dog with sharp teeth who chews toys up in minutes .
 My 5 month old Lab pup has chewed this in half after only 1 week . If they make it of the `` Extreme Kong '' material I 'll look at them again but my pup -LRB- who has her adult teeth in now -RRB- needs a more durable product
 We got this for our 9 month old beagle . He liked the toy but with in minutes he had already ripped a sizable piece of the end . We took it away from him and returned it to the store.We have had other KONG toys and had always been happy with the performance but not this time . I 'm wondering if they have changed their QC or MFG process .
 My two border collies need creative toys to play with while I am away at work , so I 've tried lots of things . This ball looked promising , and it worked great ... . for one day . Then it was torn in half , rendering it useless . I wish it was tougher , but if your pooches are n't crazy with their chewing , this could be a great toy for them .
 I 've put all kinds of stuff in these balls , as recommended by our neighbor . I even ordered two of each size when the big ole hound dog did n't like the large one . None of our three dogs are even a little interested . I 'm going to donate them to our humane shelter just to get them out of the house .
 My smaller terrier type dog likes it ifI put peanut butter on the outside . Ican do that with an old bone . Cleaningis a real hassle . Not filling with mucnthat is fun .
 Stuffing treats inside isnt useful as they pop out too easily . Might be fun for heavy chewers , but if not , look elsewhere .
 i got this kong and the medium kong for my doxie . . she ripped it apart in 10 min . . not durable for any size dog
 The toy lasted about 30 minutes . Not much more to say than that . I obviously would n't recommend it for anyone .
 this toy is awful . it claims its a kong toy but in the matter of 12 hours , it was already torn apart by my dog . DO NOT BUY , IT WILL NOT LAST !
 For my dog this toy did not hold up at all . I have a weimaraner and was looking for something to put treats in to keep him occupied while away from the house . We had to throw the toy out because he was chewing off pieces and swallowing them .
 i bought one for my 10 pound maltipoo ... he chewed the top off in less than a hour ! spent 8 dollars thought it would be more durrable . . now lookiing for a better toy help ??
 Our pup did not like this.The size of the opening makes it difficult to find the ` perfect ' treat or food . Available options were either way too small -LRB- regular food -RRB- or too big -LRB- hard bones -RRB- . We tried breaking up a bunch of bones , but in the end it was too much trouble.Bummer , because we usually like this brand a lot .
 this was a little hard and uninteresting to my Great Pyrenees . but to a more energetic dog it should be great .
 I do n't know of any of my friend 's dogs who like this . They are all relatively small dogs so maybe it works better or just works for large dogs But I ca n't recommend this for a small dog
 I have had several Kong toys for years . They were worth every penny ! I was excited to see this one and bought it as soon as I could . This was supposed to be a highly durable toy . Blah ! My 1 year puppy had it in 1/2 pieces within 2 days . Huge waste of my $ 20 . I bought mine at a store . If you have an aggressive chewer , the ridges enticed my puppy to eat until he got to the chewy center !
 I usually love Kong toys , but I was disappointed in this one . My 1-year-old Lab chewed pieces off the end within 10-15 minutes of receiving this toy , so I can not use it to entertain him while I am at work as I had hoped . At first , I was excited to see that he had to work a lot harder to get the treat out than he has to with most treat toys , and he was enjoying himself ! Once he got frustrated enough , he started taking pieces off the end , trying to get to the treat . This might be a great toy for dogs who are not aggressive chewers , keeping them entertained for a while , but it does n't work well for my doggy .
 After researching `` roasted pig ears '' for my beloved dog , I chose this product ... the package arrived in a timely manner ; the bag was so small and lightweight I could n't believe it contained my order ... Unfortunately it did . I did n't bother to un-tie the hand-knotted bag but put the LIGHTWEIGHT package back into the box in which it arrived and will now return them ... For the price paid , I could go to one of the local pet supply stores and purchase MORE than 24 ears ... and also would have an ear large enough to satisfy my large mix-breed pet ! These ears are SMALL ... while they appear to be ears , not strips , they are ridiculously small and have no weight to them . Color me disappointed . I thought about ordering another brand but this experience has made me gun-shy ... or ear-shy !! Poor product ; cheaply packaged in thin hand-knotted plastic bag ... No thanks . My dog -- and my wallet -- deserve better !!
 Smokehouse 100-Percent Natural Smoked Pig Ears Dog Treats , 24-PackI was disappointed in the quality of this product . The pig ears where supposed to have been `` smoked '' but they have zero smoke smell and almost smell a little on the spoiled side . The pig ears cost $ 1.25 each when you buy them in the 24 count bag which is the same price I can buy non-smoked pig ears locally at Petco and Pet Smart . Also the size of the pig ears are on the small side compared to similar products I have purchased in the past at the same price from other suppliers . There is nothing really wrong with the product , my Boxer will chew them up regardless . I guess I was expecting a higher grade pig ear based on the Amazon product description than what I actually received .
 The product did n't work as expected . Did n't stick to the material on the couch and chairs . Very difficult to work with .
 these are 9 x 12 inches-not feet like it says . they are so sticky that I could n't get them out of the package and placed without getting them stuck to themselves and wrinkled and a mess of a sticky wadded ball . a waste of money .
 It did n't last very long at all . My dog chewed it right up , not tough at all . I would have returned it , but it was shredded all over the backyard .
 I give this only two stars . WHY ? I paid $ 7.35 for each kladder toy ; I bought 6 . My African Grey loves them . Nothing wrong with the quality or shipment - let me be clear on that . What is wrong is that a couple of weeks ago I went on Amazon to look for more of the same toy and the SELLER RAISED THE PRICE FROM $ 7.35 to $ 11.95 . Very sad . I bought the same toy from Dr. Fosters for $ 6.99 . I will never buy from this seller again . It is clear to me that Amazon does not monitor their sellers . From $ 7.35 to $ 11.95 in 3 months - REALLY ? No thanks
 I give this toy zero stars . It needs to be recalled . At least for Macaws . My Macaw just hung himself in it . Luckily we were right here to catch him before he broke his neck . I would not recommend the largest size for large parrots . Maytbe smallest size as a chew toy . The large size would be better for small birds .
 Update 1/12/2013
 Unfortunately I did not inspect this item when it arrived , put it on my shelf for later use and when I opened it discovered the base of the heat emitter was cross threaded . What that means is it can not be screwed into the fixture ... and since I did n't discover this defect until after the `` return window '' had passed I can not return it for a refund . So , buyer beware . Test these things out as soon as you get them .
 I ordered these like a million years ago , and I NEVER received them . I completely forgot until amazon prompted me to post a review , and I had to think hard about what happened . What did I get instead ? I believe it was some book ... I never ordered a stinking book . I read the book anyway .
 This 55 gallon Stand is Not made of cherry wood at all . It is all Pressed wood with plastic covering .
 Smells wonderful in the bottle . Once on the dog smells like a real bad apple . Going in the trash . Waste of money . Moving on to something else .
 I read rave reviews about this product from other pet owners with obviously much smellier pets than my little Cavalier King Charles Spaniel . After soaking his back with the wonderful fragrance , I caught up with him when he went into another room , and there was absolutely no lingering apple fragrance ! It was so shocking that I tried it two more times to no avail . I 'm not sure what happened , but I wish I could get the same nice results the other dog owners experienced .
 Do n't waste your time or money or valueables on this stuff.I sprayed it all over my dogs bed to the point it was DRENCHED!She started chewing on it within hours of being left alone.She even held the bed in her mouth for several minutes!Maybe some dogs do n't prefer grapefruit skin but others will most likely be not phased by it .
 Guinea pigs should never use wheels or those plastic run around balls , they are EXTREMELY bad for their spines and can cause extreme plysical dammage . Guinea pigs have very sensitive spines and any activity that cause their spine to bend should be avoided.Do NOT buy this product , -LRB- or any prouct that causes your pig to bend their body in any way -RRB- it will harm your guinea pig.I know this from long time guinea pig owner-ship and from working at an animal hospital .
 There 's really no such thing as a guinea pig wheel , because guinea pigs should not ever use a wheel . Their backs are n't strong enough , and if you do your homework on guinea pigs , you 'll see they really do not need a wheel anyway . Wheels will severely injure your pig and I 'm sure that 's the last thing you want to do .
 Please do not buy this product . Guinea pigs should not go in a wheel . They have delicate spines and this would seriously injure them . Guinea pigs also do not typically like wheels because the movement is unnatural to them . Please do not buy this . It is not meant for guinea pigs .
 Do not buy this . I had to return this . Nine inch diameter is okay for Syrian Hamsters and even works for Dwarf hamsters , however this wheel does n't work . There was a more sturdy model once manufactured by Hagen which is actually the one pictured and should have a fixed and welded axel . The one I received is a cheaper model , it does not have an axel , it is not safe and can not function thus it can not be used . And of course as stated in the previous review , Guinea pigs do n't use wheels.Do not waste your money on any exercise wheel for hamsters or any other small pet and just buy a
 Title says all , I would go into detail but after reading the other reviews I no longer feel the need to .
 I purchased this exact item from a local store . The package mentions hamsters specifically , so I thought it would be great for mine . Apparently , most vets will strongly recommend AGAINST cotton bedding . Of course I found this out AFTER I had bought and used it . Here 's the biggest problems :1 -RRB- It can tangle their legs and nails , causing dislocated joints , or if tight enough , amputation .2 -RRB- Swallowed , it can cause impacted intestines .3 -RRB- It can tangle in teeth and choke hamsters.I bought a package and put a single piece in the cage that my three hamsters lived in . By the time I came home from work , two of them had died , and you could see the cotton still around their teeth.I VERY STRONGLY RECOMMEND AGAINST ANY COTTON MATERIALS FOR HAMSTERS!Your hamsters will be more than happy with toilet tissue -LRB- which is dissolvable if swallowed . -RRB-
 Okay , the product itself is good . HOWEVER , the picture is completely misleading . The picture shows a plastic bag with the white pads that are almost as big as the bag ... What I got was a big plastic bag with the pads maybe ... a third of the size ... . You ca n't even see the pads because they were on the bottom of the plastic bag . It is absolutely not worth the money and a complete waste of the plastic bag ! So not eco-friendly . Why would they need to put such a small tiny product in a huge plastic bag ?? If you want to get the exact same product , I recommend you get All Living Things Fluff N ' Snuggle Cotton Nesting Material from Petsmart . It is MUCH cheaper and you actually get more product !! -LRB- I got this because I needed a few more dollars to get free shipping -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on this . I am very disappointed .
 My dog went straight for the squeaker but in the process tore the stuffing out of the goose 's belly . It was over in a couple of minutes . And my dog is n't terribly ferocious -LRB- he 's a 50-lb dalmatian/terrier mix -RRB- . We 've had much better luck withDoggy Hoots Crackler Woodland Raccoon , a stuffed toy that he loves and that has survived 5 years even with tug-of-warring .
 My dog is in love with this toy , so much so I have bought three . Unfortunately , she ca n't have them any more , she can destroy it in a matter of minutes now . All she has to do is see it and she goes nuts , but she rips the little feet off and then guts it . Great toy for a dog that is n't determined on making the kill : -LRB-
 My dog loves the squirrel but the squeaker broke in probably 10 minutes of play . She still likes to bite and carry it around , so I still gave it 2 stars .
 I got this for my Border Collie pup , who up to this point has ripped and gutted every plush toy we 've tried but one . I read reviews of some of the other AKC toys , but decided to try the Hedgehog since it reminded me of a small hedgehog that was one of his first and favorite toys . Unfortunately , the BC started tearing the fur out immediately , and after the first day the hedgehog was nearly bald . On day 2 , the BC found a seam on the mostly denuded hedgehog , ripped it open , gutted it , and took the squeaker as a victory token , leaving me with a mess to clean up . I knew it would be hard to find a plush toy that would hold up to the abuse of a ripper-type pup ; this one failed the test . Oh , well .
 My 2 year old beagle mix destroyed this toy within about an hour . It 's easy to throw , but you 'd be better off buying a cheap frisbee that is n't such an expensive sacrifice : -RRB-
 After all the reviews about how durable and tugging-friendly this toy was , I was very excited to get it for my 2 pups . Within 30 minutes , most of the squirrel had been torn off the ring , and the squeaker in the tail had been pulverized by my 30 lb Jindo -LRB- with minimal help from our GSD -RRB- . Within a few days , the rope ring had been completely unbraided and lies lifeless on the floor now . It provided plenty of entertainment for the dogs for about an hour , and now it 's done .
 literally did not last within the few hours i gave it to my 4 month old puppy . I have had the AKC fox in the past and that lasted about 2 months , however this goose was cooked from the beginning!I would love to find how to write a review to the company itself .
 I wish the description had specified the size of this toy -- for $ 7.99 , I got a toy that measures approximately 5 inches -- far too small for my 45-pound dog to play with . If you are used to buying the larger , more standard sized AKC Outdoor Series dog toys , please note that this specific item is the small size . I 've never returned anything to Amazon before , but I might return this item .
 In terms of appeal , both of my dogs really like this toy . They seem to love the idea of finally bagging a squirrel which have always elusively teased both of them for years in the park . And they might love the idea a little too much -- they disemboweled the squirrel within about 24 hours.There are squeakers in the tail and in the body of the squirrel . The tail is made of an odd material that is almost like fluffy horse hair , which , if you have a dog that chews on toys at all , you will find all over your carpet , couch , and bed for the first few days after this arrives . Both squeakers were out of the squirrels body within about 48 hours . My dogs continued to chew on the squeakers separately from the remainder of the toy , only from what I can assume is the desire to destroy what they think is the squirrel 's soul after tearing up its body.Overall , since they still play with the emptied-out body that is missing half its tail , it will still have some use beyond the first few days it came , so it warrants 2 stars .
 First , his little nose went , then his paws . Now his head is hanging off . My keeshond puppy insists she did not do this , but no one else in the family tends to attack squirrels , so I doubt her story . Rest in pieces , little squirrel-you had a full life in your three days at our house .
 This is not a dog toy , this should be sold as a stuffed animal to put on a shelf . In less than 30 seconds my dogs had all the stuffing out of this toy and the tail was ripped from the body . I do n't know what they sewed the seams with but it needed to be reinforced . Very disappointed !
 This is another one of the AKC toys that I bought for my dog -LRB- does this stand for THE American Kennel Club and do they recommend these toys ??? -RRB- If they do , they should not . All but one of these brand of toys quit -LRB- the noise makers -RRB- within a few minutes after giving to my dogs . My dogs love the squeakers and do not want them after they quit working . The only one that held up in this brand was the raccoon . We have several toys of a different brand that have worked well for years - even after washing them - the squeakers still work!Bob
 One would like to think that if the AKC would allow their name and `` brand '' to be associated with a product , they would make sure the product would hold up . My dog had the squeaker out of this toy in 20 minutes , the stuffing followed that .
 I purchased this chipmunk for my 7 month old Beagle puppy . She 's about 15 pounds - not very big at all . She destroyed the toy within 2 days . My puppy opened a seam on the chipmunk , pulled out all the stuffing and turned the toy inside out . I was very disappointed with the product !!!
 Purchased this toy for our small 6 pound Yorkie . Within 15 minutes of play , the stuffing was coming out of the beak and the seam had completely opened on the underside . Very poor quality for a dog 's toy .
 My JRT mix pretty much rips up every toy we give him . I found this hedgehog toy on Amazon and because of its great reviews , I decided to give it a try . I did a little experiment and bought this hedgehog -LRB- $ 7 -RRB- and a cheap hedgehog from Walmart -LRB- $ 2.77 -RRB- . And here are the results ... I placed both hedgehogs in front of my dog and he decided to go for the AKC hedgehog -LRB- that 's the only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- . 1 minute of chewing ... 2 minutes ... first arm is ripped off the hedgehog ... 3 minutes ... second arm is gone from hedgehog ... 4 , 5 , 6 minutes ... he started pulling the stuffing out . Wow ... in less than 10 minutes he has the stuffing out . The other reviewers said the hedgehog is durable . Their dogs must not chew like mine then ! -LRB- or maybe they work for AKC ! -RRB- So then I took the AKC hedgehog away and gave him the Walmart hedgehog . He ripped an ear after 2 minutes but did not detach any hedgehog parts . But then suddenly he did n't want the cheap Walmart hedgehog anymore . He then sat and eyed the AKC hedgehog that was sitting on top of the counter and could n't reach . The poor Walmart hedgehog has been sitting abandoned for days , only getting an occasional bite or two . It is still in one piece though!Which is a better buy ? You decide!As for me , I have a dog who likes expensive toys and a wife who likes expensive handbags ... sigh ... = -LRB-
 This is another one of the AKC toys that I bought for my dog -LRB- does this stand for THE American Kennel Club and do they recommend these toys ??? -RRB- If they do , they should not . All but one of these brand of toys quit -LRB- the noise makers -RRB- within a few minutes after giving to my dogs . My dogs love the squeakers and do not want them after they quit working . The only one that held up in this brand was the raccoon . We have several toys of a different brand that have worked well for years - even after washing them - the squeakers still work!Bob
 This is one of two animals we bought for our dog . The squeaker broke in just a few hours on this one . Very disappointing .
 This toy is quite small and is not very well-constructed . My dog destroyed the squeaker and removed the legs and ears immediately . I would recommend the Coleman brand of dog toys , they are tough and much better value for the money.This fox toy is cute , but lasted less than 4 hours with my Brittany . I do not recommend this toy .
 I Paid extra because of AKC Label . The dog has had squirrels before and they have lasted two or more years . This one is split open in one week . Dont buy THIS squirrel !
 This squirrel dog toy looks exactly like the AKC squirrel dog toy I had purchased from Camping World . It lasted about one year with two Italian Greyhounds playing tug of war with it everyday . However , this one purchased from Jakks Pacific through Amazon lasted only one week before the tail came off and the stuffing was all over the house . The description online stated that it is an AKC squirrel dog toy but is actually an American Classic squirrel dog toy which can be purchased at Publix for $ 3.59 . I paid $ 12.00 for this one . Totally disappointed .
 I bought this for my goldendoodle , he has other `` durable '' toys by Sherpa , etc. . which i bought him XMAS 2010 . We still have those toys , and the squeakers in them still work . . This toy was played with , only 5 min , and the squeaker stopped working . . I figure its defective , and email the vendor.The vendor tells me : `` Hello Jason , These toys are tough but if a dogs tooth pierces the squeaker it will stop working . If the toy shows absolutely no wear we can replace the item . If it looks like the dog was playing with it then we can not take it back because of a squeaker.Gary `` So I respond that : Seriously ? I have toys that are 1 + yr old and the squeakers still work . . yours only made it 5 minutes . . which shows either poor quality , ordefective ... if you say this is normal for a toy labeled as '' - Designed for safe , durable , pet play - Super Premium Quality `` Then I say FALSE ADVERTISING , and will review , saying as much . . Good Day . . And he responds : `` What I said was if you dog keys on the plastic squeaker then they will not last . The toy is fine.Gary `` So in my opinion , this is a poor quality toy , and poor customer service ... I will be contacting Amazon for a refund , and to complain about the lack of customer service from this vendor . .
 This was one of the first toys I ordered for my Westie , Brinkley , when I got him as a puppy . I had no worries about it , because of all the great reviews ... I was quickly proven wrong . First , the toy itself shed CONSTANTLY , and EVERYWHERE . Shedding is a big deal to me , hence -LRB- a small part -RRB- of why I chose a very low-shedding Westie . Worse , was that as he played , and chewed on it , the its fur -LRB- especially the giant tail -RRB- would come off in clumps , so I had to literally hover over him to pick up clumps of fur -LRB- from the squirrel -RRB- that would fall , and pry out clumps that he 'd get in his mouth and attempt to eat . It was heartbreaking taking this toy away , as he really did love it - and it did teach me a valuabe lesson - remove any large hair-like tails off toys before giving them to `` B '' in the future . Because no matter what , chewing on a tail/toy like that is going to cause problems , especially when they start to be `` mistaken '' as rope-like toys ... then the problems get exponentially worse . It 's a good product , and from what I could tell , it would 've held up well , I just ca n't believe they 'd use such cheap `` fur '' on a dog toy - you can just shake it and see the hairs fall off ...
 I bought one of the AKC squirrels before and my dog loved it , it took him weeks to destroy it . I recently bought this one and he had it ripped open in 10 minutes ! I checked it out and its not the same quality as previous , the quality is why I was a repeat customer now its the reason I WONT buy AKC products again
 My 1 yr old Husky/Lab mix had this toy for about 1 1 \ 2 days before it started to fall apart . First , she took of each ear individually then worked her way through the threading from there it seems . After the second day the squirrel was in shreds . I would n't recommend this if your dog is any kind of chewer or has anything resembling teeth .
 This is such a beautiful toy that I hesitated to give it to my dog.After I gave it to her , the squeaker only lasted for about15 minutes . Needless to say , this brand of toy is not built very tough.I have bought several toys in this brand . All of the squeakers go out very fast . If you are buying a toy because your dog loves to squeak them , I would not recommend buying these for your dog . My dog did not want to play with these toys after the squeaker quit working . We havesome toys that are a few years old and the squeakers are still working.Bob
 My hound dog loves to play with stuffed animals . I was hoping for this to be a little bit well made since it is intended for dogs , but he had torn apart the seems with his ginger chewing in a matter of minutes .
 The fibers in the tail are easily removed , my 1 year old Yorkie almost shock to death when she eat that fibers . I would not recommend these toy to anyone .
 My 10 pound Bichon ate thru this goose in a day . It was pretty while it lasted .
 The squirrel lasted less than 48 hours . Generally the least expensive stuffed toys from pet stores last 3 to 4 months before the fabric rips . My dog likes to `` kill '' the toy , have someone throw it , retrieve it , play tug-of-war and start the process again . In a matter of minutes the fur was coming off . After the third or forth `` kill , '' stuffing was flying all over the living room . Never have I bought a toy that fell apart as quickly as did this squirrel . I will sew the rips and see if we can get another few hours of play as my dog really liked the toy .
 My -LSB- now 12 week old -RSB- miniature schnauzer loves this toy , but it did not last . Within one week , the -LSB- then 7 week old -RSB- puppy had ripped open the seam along the back of the toy , so we took the squeaker out so she would n't choke on it . She was n't big enough to squeak it herself anyway . I 've let her play with it a few more weeks , and she loves to chase and attack it , but I have to take it away now because there 's too much stuffing coming out the top and back of the toy , where the seams ripped . There was never any rough play or tug-of-war with it . This is just clearly not a well made dog toy . It seems more like a child 's stuffed animal that they just slapped an AKC endorsement on . I expected better quality .
 We gave this to Lola , our 1 and a half year old active Boston Terrier . She loved it immediately . She chases squirrels in the yard , so we thought this would be a good substitute . It does look like a squirrel , have a nice crinkly tail and a nice squeaker.But , within 15 minutes , she had surgically removed the crinkler from the tail . Another 5 minutes , and she removed the squeaker . She managed to do both without removing any stuffing -LRB- she 's talented -RRB- , but that was next.The weak point of this toy is that the big , bushy tail is stitched all the way from the squirrel 's rearend to halfway up his back . So , a dog that 's apt with his or her forepaws can easily hold it down and rend with her teeth -LRB- which is exactly what our dog did -RRB- . Lola loves stuffed toys , but they do n't last long . I would pay good money to get her a toy she could love on that would last more than two months .
 Our Greyhound Andy has a big hedgehog like this one . It is his favorite toy . Another dog got a hold of it and now its squeaker does n't work any more . We bought this one , not realizing that it was smaller . He prefers to play with the big one , although he misses the squeaker . This one is too small for him . The quality of the toy is excellent , it is just too small for our Greyhound .
 Really cute animal , but surely there is a way to keep these toys together ! My dog -LRB- 25 # -RRB- tore into it almost the first day in order to get to the squeaker . I was really hoping to find a toy or brand that was more sturdy , but this is n't it for our dog .
 The stitching came out along the belly after about 2 days of light to moderate play . Replaced it w/the Hedgehog which is still going strong after 4 months .
 These ducks are not the standard stuffed ducks us dog owners are used to seeing in the pet stores . These are mini . I mean mini -LRB- about 2-inches in length -RRB- . If I give this to my 70 + Lb . shepherd he would likely choke on it.The fact that these are mini is in no way clearly advertised . It is listed under product description only . Actual dimension are not provided to the consumer . I am of the opinion that this product is being advertised in a deceptive way . I plan to file a complaint with Amazon . I feel that I have been ripped off . They charged $ 5.99 in shipping that I can not recoup . I 'm not so concerned with the money as I am with the level of dishonesty I perceive in the advertising of this product from PetFoodDirect.com.Most dog owners are familiar with the normal size -LRB- about 12 inches in length -RRB- stuffed ducks . I 've never seen these `` mini '' ducks before . I am of the opinion that I have been taken advantage of.I would strongly suggest against purchasing anything from this company .
 I 've used oster clippers for years with various results . The best of their corded `` golden '' clippers get so hot that you burn an animal with the blade and the new fanned ones are no better . These new cordless clippers are the pits . The batteries do n't have enough power and no life at all . They actually go dead on their own in a matter of weeks . So , when you get the urge to clip your pet you must first get the sweet little case out to find dead clipper batteries . So then go get the old plug-in variety , clip the dog and take some pictures by the time these expensive good for nothing `` professional '' clippers are ready to do something . Forget about it ! The dealer told me to forget about warranty on the batteries too ! And $ 44 to replace them ? - forget about it ! They will need to do something about the batteries but hold your hat for the price for that !!! Did I say
 I bough these clippers wanting a very good set of cordless clippers . I thought that is what I would get because of the price . I use them on horses . I have a old set of $ 60 clippers and wanted to get something better . These oster clippers are slow , vibrate , and make noise which is n't good for horses plus they do n't cut good in heavy leg hair . They keep stalling . My old clippers that are worn out do a better job . Do n't buy these expecting to have a professional set of clippers . They are over priced by a factor of 3 . They do have a nice box and charger though so if you want to look good but do n't want to clip hair they would be ok .
 We purchased 2 of these Oster cordless clippers for our veterinary hospital approximately a year ago . One has had to be thrown out already and the other is on its way . The batteries do n't last as long as I expected them to ; granted we use these every day to clip everything from a spay site to a severely matted dog , but for over 200 bucks a piece I expected them to last over a year . The plastic where the battery twists on to the base cracks easily and does not stand up to every day wear and tear . I could see that the twisting motion required was going to be a problem right away because you have to have the battery in place exactly in line with the little pegs on the clipper , and it 's way more delicate than I thought was reasonable . There is only 1 speed option , as opposed to the Lazor Cordless clippers I recently ordered . Also , the batteries started puttering between full power and half power only 2 or 3 months . I ended up buying 2 replacement batteries before finally admitting that I was out $ 400 and these just had to go . I considered going back to corded clippers , but the convenience and streamlined efficiency cordless brings made me decide to try another brand . If you want to use cordless clippers daily for more than just routine light grooming , these are n't for you . I 'll review the Lazor clippers after a few months of use . So far so good though !
 These are horrible . I used them once , set them on my charger and now they make the loudest , most horrible noise and will be going in for service.I ca n't believe I spent the money on these horrible clippers . Would n't pay $ 10 for them . Terrible .
 bought the Oster Power Pro Ultra and used it once , and it is kaput now . will be sending it in to warranty , but have now read ALL the reports and this unit seems to do that . charger light says good to go , but no motor action . very bummed , cause besides the metal plate on the blade getting hot , it did a fantastic job ... just wont work now.When I did use it that first time , the metal blade also got very hot so took a few clipping sessions over a 2 hour period to get my already shaved australian shephard finished .
 Disappointed for the money :-LRB- I will probably never buy cordless again ! Horses get too impatient !
 I ordered two of these from Newbolz at Amazon , paid for them , was informed that I could not change the order . Then I was informed that the items were destroyed at their place of business and they cancelled the order . Very suspecious . Do n't do business with these people . Jan
 A few weeks went by . Still waiting for it to grow more then these small dainty little sprouts ... Going nowhere !!!! very disappointed !!!!
 I would n't buy this product again if it was ` free ' ... I followed the directions to the letter , and all I got was a sterile cup of soil that ended up molding over time . When I tried to contact Gimborn Pet Specialties about it , noone ever responded to my emails or letters ...
 well , kitty did n't get any catnip . followed directions and i still have a container of dirt . first amazon ordered product that was not what was advertised . what a shame . poor kitty .
 Had great hopes for this -- however , it never bloomed . Disappointing because I wanted to give my `` babies '' something they would enjoy .
 Poor instructions , takes forever to grow and must be repotted . I have a `` green thumb '' and my plants are still only 1/2 '' tall after almost 2 months . You 're much better off just buying some catnip seeds and using your own potting soil and pot . Any pot would look better than the cheap plastic tub provided.It 's not catnip but I highly recommend the Kitty Garden : SmartCat 3844 Kitty?s Garden Edible Grass PlanterIt grows fast , looks good and my kittens love it .
 I bought this cat nip package and also bought cat grass kit for my 3 cats cause they love their greens but the cat nip hardly grew at all and this is not the first time ive tried to grow it for my cats , the cat grass on the other hand was awesome and cats enjoyed it definitely will buy more grass but not the cat nip . Not impressed with the product at all : -LRB-
 When I first saw this product , I was so excited as my cat loves catnip and is a real `` greens '' eater . I read the directions and the previous reviews , so I could avoid the usual stumbling blocks . It is now three -LRB- 3 -RRB- weeks later , I have perhaps 4-5 little sprouts that can not be seen unless the container is in front of your face . I am so disappointed . What a waste of the purchase price .
 I thought I was getting plants ... I ca n't believe I paid all this money for seeds and a tablespoon of soil and a plastic dish ... lesson learned read all the way to the bottom off the description no matter how much jibberish there is in between ! Even the picture looks like live plants ...
 We opened the covere and added water , we waited for weeks , but nothing grew ! our cat ran away before we let her enjoy the `` imported '' catnip .
 It was a pain trying to put Allerpet C on my cats . They hated me every time and promptly licked all of it off . I could see no difference whatsoever in my allergies even after treating the cats twice a week for a month and cleaning my entire house after each treatment , right down to washing the walls , floors , upholstery and rugs . NADA . I would n't waste my money on this stuff . Instead I would recommend going to the doctor and getting some good Allergy medication ! That 's what I did and I kept my kitties .
 My boyfriend is allergic to cats . I did n't think this worked that well . My boyfriend says that our HEPA air filter , combined with brushing a cat with the Fur-Minator brush/comb , works much better than anything else ... He actually noticed a HUGE improvement by using those 2 things .
 Methylchloroisothiazolinone -LRB- and -RRB- Methylisothiazolinone are ingredients that I am allergic to . My husband had to apply this to the cat , who does not enjoy it . I ca n't tell if it works , because I ca n't touch her when she has this on her , and by the time she has licked it off , she has covered herself with saliva ... which I am alllergic to .
 I have been a manager for a retail petstore for 15 yrs . I have extensive knowledge in aquatic life . Our store has purchased these pumps for commercial use as well as for customer purchase . We will no longer carry lifeguard products due to the lack of quality and lack of customer service . These quiet one pumps are made with plastic shafts instead of stainless steel shafts . When you have a power outage and then the power surge kicks back on the shaft cracks.When you call lifeguard they refuse to correct the problem and tell you to send it back at your own cost . A man named Neil works there and will not even consider any type of compensation for these pumps and also will not hesitate to hang up on you.These pumps will not last you more than a year the shafts will crack.I know because i have many upset customers with these pumps . Be aware that you may give this good ratings when first purchased but you will not be happy in the long run .
 I have used this filter for over 3 years . During that time I have had to replace almost every part in the system . It never would prime correctly and had to be cleaned almost every week due to decreased flow rate . After the handle broke last week I went out and bought a Rena XP2 filter . I have never seen my tank as clean as it is now . The XP2 was also almost $ 30 cheaper than the EHEIM .
 I bought this after my previous Eheim filter began losing significant pressure after about 4 years . I was very happy with it , so got this one , which is the newer model of what I had before . It worked great for about 2 months , then began losing pressure . Now , at less than 3 months , it 's as bad as my other one was at 4 years . Is the this the new improved model ? Not impressed . And not happy with blowing $ 120 !
 For those of you looking for black connectors to replace the white connectors that come with the new 06 series of Fluval filters this is NOT the right product . The picture is wrong .
 I am continually amazed at how much pet stores and retailers selling pet supplies charge for basic stuff . Feline Pine is no exception . I switched my multiple cat household to pine pellets , and for the first time EVER , I do n't smell cat urine . However , I do n't buy Feline Pine . Go to your local feed store and buy the 44 pound equine bedding pellets for about $ 6-7 per bag . HUGE savings and the same stuff !
 This aquarium decor is really beautiful and looks great but , after only 2 weeks in our aquarium , it started to flake & chip ! The bubbles flow through the middle of the columns & looks awesome . I am very unhappy with it considering how much I really liked it when I first added it to my tank . Unfortunately , it is not functional in the water with the paint rubbing off & chipping . When I pushed on the white chipped sections , the material under the paint is soft and easy to scrape off with your nails . I think it is plaster ! I was afraid that it could have hurt my fish .
 I have three tanks . One is for my turtle 's main habitat , the other is a feeding tank -LRB- which I use to feed my turtles in - duh ! , so as to avoid getting the main habitat dirty -RRB- and the third tank is where I breed fish.I purchased the Elite Submersible Heater , 100W , which was supposed to heat up my smaller feeder tank . IMPORTANT SIDE NOTE
 Began tripping my GFI within 1 week of use . Do not buy . Unfortunately I got what I paid for and it was a waste of money
 Originally , I gave this heater a positive review but I must revise that , considering the unit went dead about 3-4 months after purchase . Not happy to have to replace it this quickly . I purchased the 100-Watt version.Additionally , the temperature gauge was never really accurate while it was working.My replacement will not be an Elite . After this experience , I doubt i 'd purchase anything again from this brand .
 Used it and it essentially exploded in my turtles tank . I 'm not sure why it exploded as it was submersed in the water .
 My old heater that came with the tank was looking bad , covered with calcium from our Texas hardwater . I found this heater at a local pet store for about $ 20 . It was one of the least expensive ones I had found . Now I think I know why . I swapped the heaters out and it seemed to be working fine . A couple of days after installing it , it kept the temp where I usually have it , around 80 degrees . Another couple of days pass and I notice the temp had dropped down to about 78 . I figured maybe the heater ran a little cooler than what you set it at , so I bumped it up to about 82 . The light NEVER went off and the temp NEVER went back up . I cranked it up to 86 and got the same results . This POS heater stopped heating after barely a week !? If the store does n't take it back , according to the heater packaging I have to pay to ship it to them PLUS pay another $ 4 on top of that . Suddenly the $ 20 heater could wind up costing $ 30 . Seems I should have just paid a little more for ANOTHER brand in the first place . Stay away from these CHEAP aquarium heaters .
 I bought this heater from my LFS because it looked nice , was the correct wattage , and was the cheapest out of most of them on the rack at $ 26.95 USD . When I brought it home and set it up in my cycling 55 gallon -LRB- bought the 200w version -RRB- , I saw that the temperature dial was very easy to read , so I thought , `` Great ! '' I was wrong . I set it on 76 degrees F , as I figured my T5 lights would give off a bit of heat , along with the recent heatwave my city has been going through this week . I assumed it would go up to perhaps 80F , which was fine because I do n't have any fish in it right now , just plants . It heated up the water quickly -LRB- about 2 hours -RRB- and stood at a steady 76-78 F range , which is ideal for my tropical fish.When I woke up the next day , I saw that the thermometer read 81 degrees F , and the red light which indicates the heater is on was shining . My dial had not moved and still said that it should be 76 , but it was n't . It was 81 and climbing with the heater light on . I quickly turned off the lighting and turned on the AC , as well as turned down the heater . It still reads about 80 , and the light comes on sometimes even at the set temperature of 72F . All in all , I give this heater 2 stars . It heated my aquarium up quickly , has a sleek black design , but the temperature is just too inaccurate . I suppose I 'll have to keep it in my aquarium for now , but as soon as I get a chance , I will be switching it out for something else .
 Does n't heat up to well . I have plenty with this wattage but this one does not put out much heat
 I have owned a lot of aquarium heaters and they all seem to fail or just not regulate very well . I guess I should have known this would not be a good one based on the price as it was much lower than other ones . However , in the past it seemed like price did not equal quality . I have paid a lot for a heater just to have them die after only a few weeks of use . Well , this one failed right out of the box . No matter how much I adjusted the temperature it would not turn off . I have seen this type of failure before but not right out of the box . I should have returned it right away but got lazy and never got around to it . Well , it is winter again and I still need a heater . Not sure which product I should try next . Definitely not this brand.Tom
 I bought this heater a long time ago . I loved it for a couple months but then approx a month ago , i did a tank change . I had the heater off ... turned it on once tank was full . It started steaming and before I could turn it off , the bottom blew out , glass was all over my tank and 2 of my bala sharks died . Not good .
 For the first month I had this 200w heater it worked amazingly well . But now its a little bit colder in my house and I have it set at 82 degrees and its struggling to keep my tank at 76 degrees . This should n't be a problem cause its rated for a 35 to 55 gallon tank and I have a 30 gallon . I bought the bigger heater knowing that the room the tank is located averages about 60 degrees in the winter.Plus the design is weird its a long skinny tube that has to be submersed in the water . Then on top it has a blue plastic ball the sized of a golf ball . I 'm assuming that part can not get wet because the instructions say do not get the electrical components wet . SO ITS NOT FULLY SUBMERSIBLE . But that weird design of a ball on the end makes it so I have to position the whole thing below the lip of my tank which means I cant fill my tank up all the way . If i position it outside of my tank then the water in my tank wo n't reach the minimum water level mark on the heater .
 This is a total rip off and amazon has the nerve to charge me for return shipping . The cord must be plugged into a wall outlet , however the cord is 10 '' long and it just is n't practical to think my sump is 10 '' from an outlet . The package was either cracked from age or because no one wants them and people just send them back . Do n't waste time or money on this product . I 'm also a prime member that is having to pay for return shipping because they decided this is n't their fault . It 's a total rip off . Will definitely reconsider renewing my prime membership this year .
 I did not like because the device turn off as the dog walk . The switch is very sensitive to move and this include when I storage the device . Sometimes the light turn on and waste the battery . I have two dogs and I place the leash and all walking equipment together . Do not worth the money . I had a light collar that works better . I bought this to replaced one of my dogs night light . He likes roll in the snow and lost his light collar .
 Ok , guys , help me out here . I see a listing for Mazuri Koi Pond Nuggets for some dollar amount , but I ca n't find the quantity anywhere in the listing . What am I buying , a 2-oz sample , 2 lbs , 20 lbs , a truck-load ? Who approved this listing anyway ?
 I was getting ready to send these back and filled out the information for Amazon . I noticed you could buy a large size , so I thought there were two different size Andis blades . Not the case . These do n't snap on like the package says , they slide on . The directions are incorrect and you must attach the two metal snap hooks to the bottom of the blade and then use your thumb -LRB- s -RRB- to slide the comb forward and along the top of the back of the blade until it snaps onto the teeth . It is actually simple once you know . These appear to be of high quality and made very well , so I expect these to last as long or longer than the clipper . I gave it one star because the idiots that sell these have not addressed the incorrect instructions on the package , nor have they modified the Amazon site to rectify the issue . I will change this review if they ever get a clue .
 These combs did not fit my Andis Plus clipper # 40 blade . The # 40 is the smallest blade and they just would n't go . I ended up ordering directly from Andis for a little more -- presto , they work great .
 The ANDIS Universal clip ons are not universal . Why has n't this been corrected ? Reading the other reviews , this has been an ongoing problem . Now what ?
 Horrid . I bought this comb-set for Andis AGC2 2-speed pet clipper . Technically the combs fit the Andis AGC2 but you got ta stretch a metal thingy over blade and I darn near sliced myself and even if I did n't nearly cut myself , it was a major chore . You got ta go through this each time on or off . Never did get a comb on . I would advise wearing leather gloves when trying to put these combs on . These are very hard getting onto clipper without cutting hands . In any case , the combs are poorly made -- YUCK . If these are considered better combs , I hate to see what crappy combs look like . Waste of money . I 'm giving this comb-set to Goodwill .
 I ORDERED THIS ITEM BECAUSE IT STATED IT FIT ANDIS PRO CLIPPERS . IT DOES NOT . THERE WAS NO RETURN SLIP IN PACKAGE AND WHEN I TRIED TO CALL THE COMPANY NAME LISTED AS THE SENDER ... NO PHONE # . I THEN CALLED ANDIS , THE MANUFACTURER AND EXPLAINED , THEY STATED THE ITEM # I RECEIVED WAS NOT MADE FOR PRO CLIPPERS , AND WANTED THE NAME OF THE SHIPPER . THEY WERE KIND ENOUGH TO END ME WHAT I NEEDED ... FREE . UNBELIEVABLE ... DO NOT ORDER FROM ANYONE BUT ANDIS ... !
 These combs are just OK . They snap-on so you think they are on solidly , but they fall off when there is any kind of resistance . So if you hit some tangles or matted fur , the combs ca n't get through and get stuck or they fall off the clipper . Pretty dissapointing for what they charge .
 I ordered these to fit the blades I was using . I followed the recommendations for which blades they would fit with . They are much too small to fit any of the blades I use on my andis clippers . I would not recommend these .
 Item was not as advertised . The combs were supposed to fit the Andis size 30 blade , but were way to small .
 BEWARE . I just purchased this set for my andis clippers . They do not fit and the return shipping is going to cost me as much as what I paid for the set . BEWARE.So much for them being `` universal '' . False labeling at the very least .
 Owned this lamp for 4 months , used everyday , and it worked fine . Turned it on this morning and it sparked and burst into a large flame coming from the top of the porcelain casing . Very scary . This lamp is rated to hold a 250 watt bulb , and we were using a 150 watt bulb , and we were using the lamp correctly , and as instructed.This is now the second Flukers lamp we 've owned in the past year - the first was a dome lamp that caused the bulb to prematurely falter and then die . I would not recommend Flukers lamps at all .
 The treats arrived carefully bubble wrapped . Every bag was powder - hard to give a dog powder for a treat . I wo n't be purchasing them this way again
 My dog liked these treats , but then I figured out it was made in China . Not worth the risk , so not buying again .
 I got this bulb for my Aqueon 15 gal column tank . A 12-inch bulb is n't easy to find , so I purchased this one and a Power-Glo to see which is brighter . I can only find T5 bulbs that are 8-watts , which is n't ideal as I want the tank BRIGHT . This bulb bulb is a much lower kelvin than the Power Glo , but the light looks very dull and a tad yellow once it is installed . It actually seems like it might be a bit dimmer than the original Aqueon bulb that the tank came with . Plants would probably do ok with it if they could tolerate medium light . Keep in mind my tank is very deep , so this review may not be a great qualifier for more standard shaped tanks where the light has less depth to penetrate.All that being said , it 's hard to find 12 '' bulbs and beggars ca n't be choosers -LRB- well , except in this case they can -RRB- . If this was the only bulb I could get my hands on , it would probably suffice .
 I thought this product was going to be moist . It arrived so dry and dusty it got everywhere when I opened it . When I did add it to a terrarium it bled green everywhere . It also would float on top of the water bowl if my frog traced it in there .
 I gave my dog this ball and chased him around the house with it for about 5 minutes . Then I took a break and got something to eat and came back and it was torn up and pieces of it were laying on the floor . The reason I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 is because my dog has also ripped through the tiger tested toys that Kong has so it just might be that my dog has very sharp teeth !
 too hard and too heavy . even my ball-obsessed golden retriever ignores this ball . but like the ChuckIt ! , it is indestructable . but what is the point if the dogs do n't like it , right ? My dogs probaly like the KONG Air Dog Squeakair best followed by the ChuckIt ! . I like the ChuckIt best because the dogs like them and they last . The Squeekair does n't last .
 I have a ball-obsessed smallish dog , and the vet recommended this ball as being better for her teeth . it is very heavy and she is n't at all interested in it . She still lives for the Kong squeaking tennis-like ball .
 I gave this a 2 because it only lasted a few hours . He seemed to like it when I gave it to my 125lb German Shepherd . I played with him for a few minutes and then went inside , when I came back out it was gone . I searched my fairly small fenced in yard for a while but could n't find it and still have n't a few months later . I think he ate it , not a good ball for large dogs .
 when i bought this ball for almost $ 15 i thought `` great a real durable dog toy '' well after 2 weeks my dog -LRB- a 2 years old german shepherd -RRB- destroyed the ball -LRB- literally -RRB- ate it and pooped it out a day later ... til this day i cant seem to find a real long lasting dog play toy .
 The ball in the picture is not the ball I received . The ball I got was solid , without a hole through it , and extremely dense . I ordered this same ball from amazon two years ago and my dog loved it , he barely plays with this one and I ca n't toss it in the house for fear of shattering something or putting a hole in wall . Very disappointed . When you click on `` small '' the ball has a hole in it , and when you click `` med/large '' it still shows a ball with a hole in it , not a solid ball like I received . For the lose .
 My dog is a flat-coat retriever , probably about 60 lbs . Unlike many others , I did not buy the Med/Large Kong Ball toy because my dog chews apart everything she can . She does n't . I got the Kong ball because my dog loves the way the regular Kong unpredictably bounces and I assumed the material they use for the ball and the reg Kong would be identical or close to it . Not so . The ball weights a ton . Not just for my dog . In general . Period.So , this may be a great chew toy , for those looking for that , but it does n't bounce and , if you threw it with enough vigor to get decent bounce out of it , I 'd worry about putting a hole in the wall .
 Bought this for my Maltese who shivers , pants and gets glassy eyed when riding in a car . Package came torn and crushed , some of spray had leaked out . Used more than called for on her car bed on four separate trips both going and returning . It did n't work at all . What a waste of money !
 I realize this has worked for others , but it has n't made a difference in my Yorkie . She still gets upset on car rides . I spray her traveling bag every time a few minutes prior to leaving . I 've been doing this nearly every time since receiving the spray and no change .
 i got this for my yorkie . he gets nervous during t-storms which are a normal occurrence here . he also gets nervous during the first couple of minutes when he 's in his kennel . this did n't help at all
 I use natural products only and this one did not work at all . Bach flower does work on her if i am consisant.I bought the collar too and there was no difference in Gracies behavior or attitude . She is a nervous dog so there should have been some calming from this product . I am very disappointed .
 But had no noticeable affect on my Fur Boys behavior . I was desperate to try & make him comfortable riding in the car . seems only riding in it for hours was the answer . Perhaps the Doggy Downers I bought may have helped . Actually a heavy plastic seatcover would have been a more usefull purchase . Maybe it 'll work for you . Do you feel lucky-well do ya ?
 Did not really do anything for our dog . . ended up getting a thunder jacket which seems to help a bit . It may work for your dog as I am sure not all dogs respond the same .
 It did n't do anything for my dog or any of my foster dogs . It also gave me a headache after a sprayed it . It may work for some dogs just not mine .
 I believe when people say that it worked with their dog , but with my hyper dog , it did not work .
 We have a jack russel and were moving to a new state . Long car ride ! Anyway , tried this ... didnt do much . Then again , we read it may not work for all dogs . What did work and was much less expensive was Benedryl . One in the morning , one at night . No problem
 Bought this for a lab that I rescued which had a lot of anxiety issues -LRB- separation anxiety , pacing the house for hours , refusing to lay down and rest , following us from room to room , crying when he would see another dog -RRB- . The DAP did n't seem to work at all.We recently put him on a prescription anti-depressant -LRB- Clomicalm -RRB- and it is a complete 180 * change within 2 weeks . He is much more relaxed , sociable , and fun.DAP is worth a shot but if it does n't work I definitely recommend trying a more aggressive option -LRB- Clomicalm -RRB- .
 Do n't waste your $ $ on this product . We got it for our dog who whines/barks in the car in her kennel but it is useless .
 I read reviews and thought I 'd give it a try ... this just was n't effective for a 1-year-old rescue Boxer with separation anxiety . I think this really depends on the dog and what 's causing the problem . My son is still working on behavior modification and that seems to be working - slow , but sure . The DAP , though , had no effect whatsoever .
 I bought this for my 1 year old Westie who I am trying to crate train . He will bark and whine non-stop while in his kennel , so I bought this hoping it would help . I used it several times and he does n't seem to notice the difference . I also tried using it on his bed and on a blanket , and nothing . Might work for other dogs , but not mine .
 We bought this product to help keep our dog calm after spaying surgery.Didn ' t work at all ... very disappointed .
 Did not work on my dog . Maybe some dogs respond but mine does not .
 I bought this product as a last resort effort to help my girl with her crate and seperation anxiety . I did not see any change in her behavior and it has not helped my situation . I did have a foster dog for a weekend and she was very happy to go into the open crate and sleep . -LRB- it had been sprayed with D.A.P. -RRB- But I do n't know if that had anything to do with the spray . I will continue to use the spray with the hopes that it will eventually help . I do n't know if it does or does n't work , it just did n't work for me . -LRB- so far -RRB-
 I had high hopes that this spray would work , but our dog did n't seem to notice it at all . Still barked , scratched in his kennel for 40 minutes while I practiced going in and out of the house .
 I have heard many people say that this product is awesome . Unfortuntly it did not work for my chihuahua . Did not see any results at all . But I would still recommend it to others like I said I have heard good things about it .
 This product has not worked as well as I thought it would.I would not get it again.it could be the breed of dog she is a lab
 My dog has pretty major separation anxiety and this did n't help at all . Maybe if you 're dog has just a minor form of anxiety it might help , but it does n't work if they 're really frantic .
 Unfortunately , this product did nothing to alleviate anxiety in my dog . That being said , all dogs -LRB- and their anxieties -RRB- are not created equal . . It may work for you and yours . My neighbor uses this with great success . When searching for a solution -LRB- and btw . . a simple spray is rarely the aha fix all -RRB- , it is certainly worth a try .
 this product may work on some dogs -LRB- my little papillion drooled -RRB- , but my pug terrier had no reaction to it . she may need puppy prozac . in any case , i am neutral as neither dog got the desired effect from it .
 This tank is too small . I do n't even have my teeny female betta in a bowl this little . Be kind to your fish and give him some more room to turn his little fishy tail around !
 Being the novice I was , when I was about 12 I `` rescued '' 2 bettas from a Pets Mart and put them both into separate , cheap , tiny little novelty tanks , and that 's how they lived for about a year and a half until I bought my third one and put him into a 5 gallon tank . I instantly noticed the difference!My 3rd Betta was flying all over the place , he was noticeably happier , responded faster -LRB- in a non-aggressive way -RRB- when I 'd come near the tank , and he lived for a little more than 3 and a half years ! My other two barely made it to 2 years . They were depressed , uninterested , slow to respond ... everything you do n't want your Betta to be . And once I moved them into larger 3 gallon tanks each , they perked up like none other!Betta 's need to be in 3-10 gallon tanks by themselves -LRB- 5 or larger and you might be able to add compatible fish , though I was n't willing to risk it -RRB- . In the wild , they live in rice paddies which are thousands of gallons of swimming space and naturally aerated and filtered , and only live in `` small puddles '' for about 2 or 3 months -LRB- at most -RRB- out of the year during the dry season.What 's more , while Wild bettas may be able to take smaller conditions longer and survive better , the fancy bettas we see in the stores today are not nearly as durable or hardy and need more stimulation and space.This `` tank '' has no filtration , has little space for the Betta , and is n't much better than the initial cup they come in.Don ' t do it . it 's just cruel .
 I 've had this scoop for 2 days , and it 's already showing signs that the handle might snap off . The handle is attached to the scoop in a very weak bond . Other reviewers have suggested just `` choking up '' on the handle , but that has n't been enough for me.It needs to be stronger , plain and simple . The way it is now , it 's not worth the dough .
 Using the usual hard plastic scoops found in the local store was difficult . The back where I gripped the handle was sharp and dug into my hand while I sifted through the litter . THIS litter scoop is well padded so one does not get any sharp or deep pressure when sifting through the sometimes-heavy litter . It has 2 screens so the smaller bits that fall through the usual scoops is caught and can be disposed of . However , after only about 4 months , the front started coming apart , where I dig into the litter opening up so that litter bits get stuck , thus widening it further . If you choose this product , scoop from the side , then it will last longer.However , I 've now found the best litter scooper ever , the Litter-Lifter which is easy to use , light , durable and gets all the bits from the pan , small and large , it handles them all well . This one has wedge-shaped tines that do catch all the clumps better than any other . Too bad it 's not yet on Amazon , I hope to see it here in future !
 I had this scoop , too , for all of a week . The handle snapped in mid-scoop at the point where the metal reinforcement ends . -LRB- The screen with two sizes was great . -RRB- Later found a scoop of all stainless construction that will outlast the cats , I 'm sure .
 I purchased the new scooper with high expectations and like others it cracked under the weight of scooping . It has now been replaced . I have never spent so much on a scooper only to have it fail . Perhaps a redesign for more support -
 I ordered one of these based on all the glowing reviews . So , I was surprised to learn that this scoop is very poorly engineered . In fact it is much inferior to any of the cheaper alternatives . Let me discuss the key design flaws : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The wire net in the scooping grid is too fine , or , in other words , the wires in the scoop are too closely spaced . As a result , litter does not flow through the scoop . Instead , you have to shake the scoop for a very long time for it to sift any of the litter . As a result , cleaning the litter boxes takes a lot longer than it should . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The shape of the scoop/shovel part is not designed for effortless scooping . One issue is that the angle of the scoop relative to its handle is awkward and you have to push straight down and then bring your hand all the way down until it just about touches the litter before you can lift the scoop out with any litter in it . Moreover , the scoop part is too short relative to its width . This means that you have to put strain on the scoop to use it . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The handle is weakest at the greatest stress point right at the joint of of the scoop and handle . A very small piece of plastic holds together the joint between the scoop and the handle -LRB- you can not see it in the picture , but this part is much narrower than the width of the handle at that point -RRB- . In fact , this looks like it is designed to break , and I have no doubt that this scoop will not last very long in continued use.To see how much difference a genuinely well designed scoop makes , just try the `` Litter-Lifter '' from Magic Scoop -LRB- unfortunately not available on Amazon -RRB- . You will not only clean your litter better , you will do so effortlessly and in one-tenth the time .
 We have three litter boxes for a number of foster cats . After about a week or so of daily scooping , the metal edge just came off , and a few days later the handle snapped . Not a good buy .
 The money I spent on the ScoopWell Premium Litter Scoop was not well spent ! Although this scoop has two nice features -- the extra long handle and the metal edge on the front end -- the design is otherwise poor
 It 's a litter scoop , so there 's not a whole lot to say about it.Works great with solids . However , because it relies on a kind of sifting action , it 's not so great with solidified liquids . The sifting causes the clumps to break apart . So you 're left with either tossing out `` clean '' litter or having `` dirty '' litter break apart and fall back into the box.I 've tried many scoops . This one is nothing special and it 's expensive . That expense is what lost it one star .
 This was a super scooper until the handle broke . The metal edge on this scooper was great for scraping the bottom of the litter box , the screen is great for filtering out smaller particles - the litter really gets clean . The handle has a nice grip and is long , but it is weak . After four months of use the handle snapped off right at the scooper . I bought a second and it broke after three months of use at the same handle location . I ended up replacing it with a Duranimals DuraScoop Cat Litter Scoop - it has a shorter handle and does n't filter the litter as well , but it is solid metal that scrapes the litter boxes well - it will last forever .
 2 medium-small indoor cats . Clumping litter , tried multiple brands litter same results.I think the design is flawed in that it only has one `` sifting '' surface on the scoop and the metal grating seems to get `` overwhelmed '' every scoop and require much `` tapping '' on box side to try to free up , which in turn cause considerable `` solids '' to just `` jump '' right off the front of scoop and back in the box.Seriously , I was spending 3x as long with this chore and went back to my old cheapie plastic scoop , essentially the entire scoop is grated -LRB- sides , back , bottom -RRB- , and tossed this one aside .
 This lid comes on and off the tank easily , but the little sliding door sticks almost every time I try to open it -LRB- seems like a design flaw , not just my particular unit -RRB- . It does provide nice ventilation -LRB- I use it for a hamster cage . -RRB-
 I will have to give this large tub of chews to the animal shelter since my 2 Bichons wo n't eat them.thank you , Mrs. Pamela Werling260-489-6086
 Container indicated only a `` made for ... '' product identifier . I assume this is another one of those far east suppliers that have created a lot of attention with product contamination . Recall recent concerns about purity of human vitamins . I will not buy anything but American vitamin supplements for humans and animals . Therefore if the retail distributor will not identify the name and it 's source , then it is not for me .
 Sorry , but this shampoo did not help our dog 's allergic reactions to summer grass and leaves . Went back to regular shampoo .
 We were disappointed with this shampoo . We switched to another shampoo and my dog 's skin and fur look much better . We did not like the smell or the ingredients in this shampoo at all . We told the groomer to throw away the opened bottle and we returned the intact product in the box . We had to pay for shipping and a restocking fee . We could not use this product and were disappointed with the results .
 My toy poodle destroyed this in less than half an hour . So much for being indestructible ! I would recommend buying `` Chuckit ! '' balls instead , these have been great for all three of my dogs and they have yet to destroy one . Thumbs down for Kong on this one .
 GOT MY FOOTBALL . THE AD WHEN WE ORDERED SAID NOTHING ABOUT A SQUEKER ... THATS JUST WHAT WE GOT . YEP THEY FLOAT , AFTER IT FILLS WITH WATER AND GETS TOO FULL TO THROW . COULD HAVE GOT SAME TOY AT THE PET STORE . .
 This seller is not providing inaccurate information . The product they are selling is hinged longways down the middle . The product in the picture appears to have a door . There is also no `` lamp-clamp '' feature . It is also a little too big for standard 29 gallon size tanks .
 This was smaller than I anticipated and was not as interesting and textured as in the photo . It is basically a flat piece of wood . At least the one I was sent . Not good as a climbing piece . I dont use it in my crab cage anymore . Found something better .
 The actual branch is nothing like what is pictured . No branches , nothing to climb on , almost like a log or piece of driftwood .
 If your dog is better than mine it will stay on longer . But it is hard to stay put .
 Hardly fit a 27 lb . dog very tightly - wonder what it would have looked like on a `` large '' as it said dog - I think it may have fit on one leg of my German Shepherd .
 What a rip-off !! Please be warned that this is simply 2 pieces of driftwood that they have slapped together with a couple of screws and then covered the screws with ample amounts of hot glue that just peel right off . Mine came in a giant box with no packing , so it was broke when it got here . So there are now exposed wood screws . I am going to have to remove all of the hot glue -LRB- because my beardie would eat it -RRB- and take the screws out -LRB- because they are very sharp -RRB- and needless to say , broken , it will not stand stable in any way . so I guess I now have 2 very small expensive pieces of driftwood . I will never buy driftwood over the internet again !
 Item was quiet and easy to use . Low noise and vibration good for cats
 Very cute toy ! I was hoping by reading previous reviews , that this toy would be resistant to taking apart . My 18-month old doberman is more than equal to the task . She 's had it for about 15 minutes , and has almost taken off one wing . If you have a dog that uses her front teeth to worry stuff apart , this may not be the toy you want to spend over $ 10.00 for . We 'll see how long it actually lasts - and yes , she loves it!A few days in , and had to toss this toy ! Our Doberman had a great time with it , but too pricey -LRB- and messy -RRB- to buy again .
 We got the smaller cat version of this and it 's still going after over a year . This stupid thing was HUGE and the wings tore off in about a week . Get the cat .
 I looked a long time to choose a product that would be durable for my dog . I liked the reviews that I read and was excited to purchase this item . Well , it arrived and looked darling . Unfortunately , it is n't a tug toy as stated ... the wing was off in under 10 minutes . The body had a puncture within 20 minutes . I am very unhappy with this purchase . I will not be purchasing any of the other `` cute '' toys from this company .
 puppy tore open a wing , destroyed the red felt and orange hanger/hook on head ... not too impressive . $ 4 CVS squeaker toy lasted longer . Also , very faint , difficult to engage squeaker .
 When I opened these baffels , I noticed that the two hooks screw into a long nut & I got them in as tight as they could go . I bought 4 of these baffles & within 3 days of placing them outside , they had all unscrewed & were lost in a foot of snow , rendering them useless . Terrible design - do n't waste your money .
 It took the gray squirrels in my backyard about a week to figure this one out . Because the baffle tips , the squirrels can hang on with their back feet and tip the thing almost vertically where they can then reach below and grab on to the cord that the feeder hangs from underneath . If the baffle did n't tip at all , or if it were wider , it would have a chance of working . As is , it 's good for keeping the rain off the feeder and that 's about it .
 Your neighborhood squirrels will be baffled , alright . They 'll be thinking `` Hey , how come there 's no more hard tricks to figure out ? You 're giving us an umbrella to keep dry while we raid the bird feeder ? What 's with the change of heart ? `` Because that 's exactly what you 'll be doing with this `` Squirrel Baffle '' . The initial look of it is provoking , as if it may actually give a squirrel a hard time in getting to the feeder hanging below it . But as all squirrels are up for a challenge , they are n't intimidated for a moment . As soon as they put some weight on it , the baffle swings down . Perhaps the makers were expecting the squirrels to `` lose balance '' and just fall to the ground . Well no , they immediately catch the cord or top of the feeder , hang down , and then proceed to feast . Meanwhile , the `` baffle '' -LRB- clear plastic shield -RRB- above keeps the squirrels protected from any rain or falling debris . So , this HAS to be a squirrel friendly product . I ca n't see how the manufacturer could be thinking any differently.If instead you 'd rather not be so generous to your squirrel friends and actually turn this into an obstacle , instead of a gift , you could attach two locking nuts above and below the baffle , then screw the hooks back together . This will help keep it from tilting . See the more detailed description by another reviewer . But hey , should n't the more clever species be rewarded ? What 's with all the squirrel antipathy ? ; - -RRB-
 Be very careful when buying this . I just hooked it on a pole with a bird feeder . The wind blew the cover -LRB- which pulled the feeder -RRB- off after 2 days , cracked the light plastic top , and rendered my purchase useless . Rigid , cheap plastic top , which is rather small . It does keep the rain off the feeder .
 Fairly useless . Squirrels land on top of it and ride the tipping baffle to the feeder . Not very effective . A nice way to keep the rain off the squirrels while they eat your bird food .
 I had no idea there were so many special needs squirrels out there , but apparantly there are based on the customer reviews that say this device works . My squirrels licked it immediately . That said , I ca n't believe any manufacturer would put a product on the market that fails so obviously . So I must be doing something wrong . When I figure out what it is , I 'll evaluate this review in a new lighting . Till then , it gets the lowest score for taking my time up . It should have an instructional brochure for idiots like me who just hang it on the cord and hang a feeder under it . I was stupid enough to think that 's all I had to do . The lock nut idea one customer wrote about ... that sounded like a try . I picked up lock nuts and a couple of 1/8th wide washers as well . I 'll experiment.Surely there is a way to make my trouble worth the $ 10 I spent . I have thought that this baffle may work with a specific type of feeder
 Plain and simple ... these do n't work . The squirrels can slide down over them to the bird feeder . Do n't waste your money .
 Even with the adjustments suggested by other -LRB- s -RRB- , this baffle poses no more than a minor inconvenience to squirrels . They are easily able to climb down it , hang off the side , and get onto the feeder below . Do n't waste your money or time with this baffle . Better to spend a little more and get one that works .
 Most of the negative opinions are well placed . My primary concern is not covered in previous comments however . Because of the `` tippy '' nature of this `` dome '' you should 1 -RRB- replace the hardware with better hooks and 2 -RRB- use locktite -LRB- or similar -RRB- to connect the two hooks . Because of the jungle gym effect my feeder was on the ground within two weeks .
 Might even make it easier , gives them a wider platform to jump to . It 's not wide enough to keep them from reaching the feeder underneath .
 the second day up and the squirrels have figured out how to jump on these and slide down to the bird feeder . What a waste of money
 way too small to even keep rain off , does n't really tip , just hangs crooked . The hanger hooks are not effective , I finally put the hanger upside down from the directions , added washer & gave up . Then I put in under an eave of the house where squirrel ca n't jump .
 IT ONLY TOOK THREE DAYS FOR OUR LITTLE CRITTERS TO FIGURE THIS ONE OUT AND GET TO THE FEEDER .
 The plastic `` shield '' is too small and hangs far too high up from the feeder to make it work to keep the squirrels away . Did not work at all . Am returning product since it did not do what it said it would !
 I did n't read the reviews , just went after the logic behind the product . I thought this might work . I have spent way too much time , money and effort to protect the bird feeder from these critters . After I installed it , I was laughing with an evil laugh thinking I won this time . Ha . It took these little creatures less than two hours to figure the system out . How disappointing . NOTHING STOPS THEM !!! I am giving it up and hope the birds will survive .
 As several have stated , the baffle alone , as-is will not stop squirrels from getting at the bird feeder/seed . My experience was that after putting it up ... 1 squirrel took about 10min to get around it , a 2nd squirrel took about 2min and a third just did it as quickly as w/o it.You need to do the following to make this baffle work .1 -RRB- Locktite the bolts so they do n't unscrew from each other .2 -RRB- Extend the distance from the hanging cable/rope/hook that the top of the baffle hooks onto by about 8 '' -LRB- body length of squirrel -RRB- . In my setup , I have a cable connected across two trees with the baffle & feeder hanging from it at the center of the cable . I added a 8 '' length of cord between the cable and the top hook of the baffle essentially lowering it away from the cable which the squirrels walk across to get at it . This puts the baffle just far enough below , out of reach from the squirrel so that it ca n't push the baffle aside and grab onto the feeder.So far ... . it 's working hopefully it 'll continue to work .12 / 5/2011 Update ... -LRB- downgraded star rating from 4 to 2 -RRB- That was short lived ... . the squirrels are walking right down the cord ... . baffle was more work for me to put up than it is for the squirrels to get around ... and it only took me about 30seconds to put it up.The `` squirrel baffle '' is NOT baffling the squirrels ...
 I purchased this baffle and another model to protect my bird feeders from the elements . This model is specific in deterring squirrels from reaching the feeder . My main idea was the protection against the rain but the extra help against the squirrel sound appealing to me . I had a problem with the original order that was missing the metal nut so I had to send it back and get another one that was complete . The model is simple , the plastic cover has a small hole where one of the hooks goes through and connects to the metal nut than in turn connects with the other hook . Unfortunately if one of the hooks gets to spin around by movement it will come off and then the baffle will fall apart . I set it up and somehow the squirrels managed to make it spin so my feeder ended up on the ground several times in one week and the seeds all over the place . I was very disappointed with the outcome of this baffle , so my solution was to place wire tape around the connection -LRB- above and below nut -RRB- for the two hooks so even if the squirrels try to make it spin it will not come off and my feeder has not fallen down since .
 When I first saw this leash I thought it was a brilliant idea ! I lived in a condo community at the time and cleaning up after your dog was mandatory . Though it was a little pricey , I thought it was worth it -LRB- the bags are even biodegradable -RRB- . I bought this leash when my dog was about 6 months old and it lasted for about 8 months before the interior leash seemed to fray and would not retract all the way anymore . At first I still used it but the fray got worse and worse and eventually it was totally useless ; the leash would n't unroll anymore internally and it became a VERY short leash at the end.Figuring it was a fluke , I bought another -LRB- I know , it was dumb , but I really liked the leash -RRB- . This one lasted almost a year before the internal mechanisms just seemed to fall apart inside . I did n't drop it or anything to cause it ; it simply decided to give up one day.Because I have bought two of these overpriced leashes I would highly recommend purchasing something else - as much as I loved the concept myself . I do have a big dog -LRB- 80lbs -RRB- but the leash clearly says for dogs up to 110lbs so I do n't see why there would be so many problems.And just a little side note
 before you buy consider arm room for dog . What 's needed is stretch knit arms . My dog could n't walk well .
 One must put front legs through sleeves , very difficult to do and uncomfortable for the dog . Over all bad design .
 Material is real cheap !!! Doesnt keep my baby warm ! I need to put a sweater on her under the coat !! To keeo her from shaking !
 before you buy consider arm room for dog . What 's needed is stretch knit arms . My dog could n't walk well .
 One must put front legs through sleeves , very difficult to do and uncomfortable for the dog . Over all bad design .
 Material is real cheap !!! Doesnt keep my baby warm ! I need to put a sweater on her under the coat !! To keeo her from shaking !
 I feel that this door is overpriced for the quality of it 's construction . For this amount of money they should n't be giving you plastic screws to hold the dog door together . I have a St. Bernard and Boxer that use this door.Cons :1 . Plastic screws to hold the door frame together . These had to be replaced within a week to keep the frame intact and attached to the house door .2 . Flap falls out of the door on occasion . Have to remove interior portion of frame to re-attach .3 . In extreme cold weather -LRB- -10 F -RRB- the flap will be so rigid that the aluminum frame actually gives more than the plastic of the flap . The internal cross bar that holds the flap is only held with a single screw on each end . There are little edges -LRB- 1mm tall -RRB- on the side frame to keep the bar from twisting when the flap moves , but in this weather the rigid flap acts like a lever to twist the crossbar past these edges and eventually the edges will be worn off . If the edges were taller , it would be harder for the bar to twist . Not a good design .4 . $ 25 replacement flaps ? A little steep for a piece of plastic .5 . Poor customer service . I complained about # 3 above and they could n't believe that would happen to their door . Apparently the door 's inability to hold up under normal usage is not covered under warranty . According to the CSR , since the frame did n't ship damaged , it 's not a product defect .6 . Keep your receipt , the website claims that if you register , warranty claims will not require a receipt . Untrue , they still wanted a receipt.Pros :1 . Fairly easy/quick installation .2 . Keeps the cold out .3 . Decent if you have year round warm weather.All in all it does do it 's job , but there are several things to watch out for . If you think that you might need to RMA the door , I 'd look at another brand that stands behind their product .
 Door is poorly designed and of marginal quality . Problems include : - in a mild breeze door fly 's like a kite -LRB- opens wide -RRB- - door attaching hardware is very poor -LRB- plastic or nylon -RRB- Really disappointed in the installation and overall quality of the dog door . In a minor wind it might as well not be there . Had to re-engineer installation with new hardware to make more robust . Really not worth the cost .
 I try to treat my cats with vitamins during the winter to avoid kitty colds , but I can not even get them to look twice at these . They 're too hard - not really chewy , and smell awful even to the cats ! The only remedy for now is grinding them up while I wait for my order of Nu-cat soft chews -LRB- that the cats treat like Pounce -RRB- . Not happy with this product .
 Do n't know if this is any good because it was too small for my dog . I thought I had measured accurately , but apparently had not , and it would n't fit . I called to return it , and the seller said because I had put it around my dog 's neck , they would not accept it . Now how am I to know it wo n't fit if I do n't put it around his neck ???? I 'll never buy anything from these people again . I have no idea what I 'm going to do with this thing , and am not too pleased I 'm out $ 14.95 .
 My 19 year old cat will have nothing to do with these ! Unfortunately I did not know the list of true ingredients when I got them , there are very few actual vitamins in this product and had I known the main ingredients are flour and sugar i never would have bought them . When I compared this label to her grocery store brand `` treats '' . . the store brand stuff was actually better for her ! Dont waste your money , spend a little more and get a true multi vitamin product .
 I could n't get my cats to eat this if it were Kentucky Fried . Maybe it 's just my cats but could n't recommend it .
 but not this one . My 17 + year old cat is not finicky when it comes to treats . She never met one she did n't like till I tried to pawn these off on her . She actually ate the first one I gave her and has repeatedly refused any others . -LRB- Perhaps she knows this treat is good for her ? -RRB- However , I left one for her just in case she changed her mind . It got very hard in a very short period of time . I could not even break it apart . Even straight out of the bag these are very difficult to break apart and I am assuming it would be difficult to chew . I have tried these off and on for several weeks and she refuses to even taste another one . In the trash they go .
 Not at all squirrel proof . Actually , it took the squirrels about 20 minutes to figure out how to hang off of it and poke their hateful mouths into the holes and eat the seed . The birds are still trying to figure out where to land . It 's hard to fill and is n't really the best for birdseed with nuts and fruit pieces in it .
 It took the squirrels about a week to chew the top spring but it did not destroy it right away.This is one of the hardest feeder I 've had to clean.Rain gets in easy and rotts the seeds on bottom .
 My cats all love these , but they 're constantly falling apart . -LRB- The fish , not the cats. :-RRB- I 've mended them so many times that there 's no more fabric left to mend ! I suggest buying the bananas or cigars instead . Those hold up much better !
 I have 2 small rats and usually use a small grained `` critter litter '' but figured I could try this since the store that sold what I usually get is no longer available . These are actually large balls of litter so you ca n't scoop out the poo without taking the litter with it . When they urinate on them , they turn to a white mush , get on their paws and are tracked all over the cage , like a wet cement . I used to scoop and spot clean each day but now am having to do the full washing of their cage everyday . They also insist on peeing elsewhere now , when they were potty trained before this litter . I 'm thinking that they do n't like tracking this wet cement like product on their paws . Will not be purchasing this product again .
 My ferret loves this but for the wrong reason -- he thinks its a toy ! he plays in it , scattering it everywhere . He now poops `` next '' to the litter pan so he doesnt get his `` play area '' dirty LOL not happy !
 I tried this litter with my French Lop Sammy , who is litter box trained , and it was a disaster . After only a few days of use the litter turned into a mushy smelly grey clay like substance . It 's like the litter completely melted , and it was a real pain to clean out the litter box . I do not recommend .
 my gerbils used it as a tunnel , as well as something to nibble . they never used it , was destroyed in a week . make it metal , and i 'll be happy .
 Not for a dog that chews ... which is all of them . But especially aggressive chewers like my 10 month old terrier . Big chunks come off and get swallowed . That ca n't be good for them . Steer away from these .
 I thought the Nylabone would be a good thing for my Border Collie , since he likes to have a little something to gnaw on once in a while , and the product is advertised as safe and healthy . He likes chewing on these , but he is able to chew off large pieces of the bone - about 1/4 to 1/2 inch diameter chunks . He swallows them , then coughs , sounds like he 's choking , and vomits the pieces up later . I do n't feel safe giving him these .
 Bought this for my German Shepherd dog and he wo n't touch it . It 's been sitting here for weeks and we 've tried many times to make it appealing through play/encouragement/even slathering with peanut butter to no avail . Big waste of money . He likes rawhide much better . Still looking for a safer , lower-calorie alternative to bones and sticks that provides chewing pleasure .
 This product nearly killed my 5 month old mastiff . I purchased the `` Souper '' size based on his weight of approx . 85 lbs . Since he was only 5 months old , how was I to know that the `` strong chewer '' category would apply to him ? I was also under the impression , based on the product description , that any pieces he could chew off would be the size of a grain of rice and would certainly pass through his system . I did monitor his chewing and fortunately I am able to pull the bone out of his mouth while he 's chewing to check it . I also noticed small rice size pieces on the floor around him as well . Each time I checked , the end was bristled ... which is what it is reported to do . I had no idea he was ingesting large chunks until he threw up several times and I found a total of seven 1 '' long by '' wide pieces of plastic ! After x-rays and surgery , an additional 3 large pieces were found in his stomach . Fortunately , they had not passed through to his intestines yet . The thought of what could have happened is very frightening . It disturbs me to think how many other dogs have suffered or died without their owners realizing what happened . After telling people my story , I 'm shocked to hear how often this has happened to others . Do n't take the risk !
 The instructions manual says that pieces no bigger than a grain of rice should break off . However , I just watched my dog chew off a piece about the size of a nickel and another one the size of a dime . I 'm glad he did n't have enough time to try to eat it . This product is going in the trash .
 I have a medium sized dog , and unlike the normal Nylabones that break into rice sized pieces , this one comes off in chunks . Dog threw up for days trying to get rid of large undigestable plastic in his stomach . Tossed it into the garbage and would not recommend .
 I wish this product had measurements listed it much larger than it looks . It did n't leave my rabbit much room to move around it the cage . She took to sleeping in it .
 I was hoping to get the item pictured in the description . Unfortunately I received a different item with the same item number . Apparently the manufacturer must have replaced the older model with a newer one . The photo should be updated to reflect the model that goes with the item number.Sadly , the litter box went back .
 The litter pan is not as pictured . As another reviewer commented , the ones being sent have curvy , higher sides . My rabbit is used to the one shown in the picture and can not jump from the side into the one being shipped -LRB- the one with curvy , higher sides -RRB- . Therefore , she hates this litter pan and will not use it . I agree that Amazon needs to display a picture of the actual product being shipped .
 I saw this and thought immediatly that this would be perfect for my guinea pigs cage cleaning . But , I was wrong . All the poop came out the holes ! I gave it 2 stars because it at least removes the bedding so I only have to pick up the poo
 Very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , cheap price . Do not like having mandatory written reviews
 This product does not glow in the dark , I have a black cat and I bought this so I wouldnt step on her . I still cant see her with it on .
 I bought 3 of these collars , in different colours ; first one came off in first two days and was lost along with rabies and I.D. tags . I checked the other two , both opened with almost NO effort , less than 2-3 lb of effort . Snap closure definitely DEFECTIVE .
 It was okay the first day , but the material does n't give at all , so when my cat grew and the collar needed to be resized it never really fit well again -LRB- the material is too dense to re conform itself -RRB- . The reflective material worked well though . I would n't recommend the collar for a growing cat .
 The collar looked great online but when it arrived , I was disappointed to see that it was very stiff and that reflective strip on the collar does glow but the collar itself is hard and uncomfortable . The bell too is very loud and the break free buckle is cheap . We had to buy another one . Fortunately found one at Walmart - half the price but much more comfortable with a delicate bell .
 My cat seems to be able to work his way out of any collar that does n't have a buckle and this one was no exception . Within half an hour , I had put it back on him four times . I would imagine that the glow in the dark feature would be good for cats who go outside , but , since mine does n't , that was n't a plus for me . Even if he were an outdoor cat , the glow in the dark part would n't help if he constantly shed the collar.Would I buy this collar again ? No .
 I purchased this collar for my cat less than 2 months ago . It started getting pretty fuzzy after only a week , which is n't that big of a deal since she does scratch at it , but then her jaw got stuck on it . Do n't ask me how , all I know is she was licking her chest and then her tongue or jaw got stuck on the fuzzy material . I had to throw it away . Wasted money in my opinion . My cat has had many nylon collars and has never had this problem .
 The reflectiveness on this collar is great but it loosens up constantly and the snap does not stay snapped . I started finding the collar various places in the house , not attached to my cat ... which does n't do much good now does it ? I had to get a different one that actually would stay on ...
 Bought for my mom 's new puppy - a bishon shihtzsu - who just ripped these up .
 this is actually not what is shown in the picture , as I have ordered that exact product before and it was much better quality . these pads are definitely not as well made . . less absorbent and need to be changed more often . depending on what you are looking for , it may be ok given the price is much cheaper than normal ? also , these do n't come from a pet supply store , more of a medical facility-type product ...
 I use the same product that appeared to be the same on the packaging . The product I use from the store has a peach backing and is much more padded . These are thin cheap and blue backed . I do not recommend as I have to use 2 to absorb and still have to clean up the floor . Hope I find something better next time .
 These pads are not the best made and sometimes the cotton pad is not even covering the bottom plastic liner . I have also experienced the pads leaking under and onto the wood floor-yuck ! This happens within minutes of the puppy going to the bathroom ! I have used another brand of pads and NEVER had this problem .
 While the dogs used them , they did n't do well in absorbing , cut down on tracking , and the urine odor was always there . I bought new pads and they work much better .
 The word economy is a good indication of what you get ... you know the old saying ... you get what you pay for . I thought these were REALLY flimsy compared to the regular training pads . I now opt to pay more for the regular ones because I actually use less so I feel like I break even monetarily ... and I avoid having to clean up what leaks through .
 Used product for several weeks and saw no difference in nitrates going down , they did however go up and I switched to purigen and now my nitrates are going back down
 After two days of use including two days in the dishwasher both of the two bowls I ordered RUSTED ! Ug ! Not worth the money at all . Going back to using my coffee mug saucers .
 I purchased 18 of these bowls to use for feeding my cats their daily soft food treat . They are a great size , and I like that they clean easily . However , after only one use , 4 of the 18 bowls developed rust along the top edge . I am not sure if they just are n't dishwasher safe or if those 4 were defective .
 I had previously ordered the pictured product a year ago . I decided to order 4 extras . What I received is smaller than the original ones . Amazon is replacing 12 oz with 10 oz bowls !!! ripped off
 There is absolutely nothing about this bowl that is 12 oz . It fits 4 fluid oz -LRB- yes , like 1/3 of a can of soda -RRB- , and weighs about 5 oz . It 's the size of a small tupperware lid.I received my order without a pack slip so I did n't have any return info and since I failed to take care of it right away , I missed my return window.Anyone have a good suggestion on a 12 oz stainless steel bowl ?
 Do n't know how an animal could smell its food or enjoy its water around the very strong chemical smell spewing off the blue nonskid piece on the bottom of this dish .
 I bought the 8 oz version awhile back . I know the size because I measured it and it holds 8 oz of water . It 's a great bowl , but I needed a bigger one , so I ordered the 12 oz version . But the one I got is the same size as the 8 oz . Someone needs to get their act together .
 I thought I had found a great product . What I did n't think of when purchasing it was even though it will not skid , the rubber on the bottom has an oder and one of my cats is completely turned off from eating her food because of it . I watched her eat and suddenly stop and start sniffing all around the bottom of it and then back away in disgust . I picked the bowl up and smelled it myself and it does stink . I 've soaked it in soapy water but I do n't know if will go away . I may just have to return them .
 First of all these look like chrome inside , not stainless , and they arrive with some corrosion in the metal . Second these might be a cat bowl for a kitten a few weeks old but they definitely do n't hold 8 oz . as described . These are TEENY ! 8 oz . of water was overflowing at 1/2 that , and a measured 4 oz . of water was just about overflowing the dish too . They are an 1 '' high , and 4.75 '' wide . About the size of a small ash tray . I have no idea how these can possibly be suitable for an average sized cat , and if you tried to fill them up , the food and water would be all over the place . I 'm sending them back , and writing this review to save someone else from making the same mistake .
 Bought two for my dog . Both have an absolutely vile chemical odor emanating from the rubberized bottom that did not go away after multiple soakings and washings . Do n't buy these bowls for your pet .
 Got this feeder to use while I was on holidays for a couple of weeks , and returned to find two very dead fish . I 'm guessing the food got wet , as the feeder was clogged . Must have happened really early on , and made a really disgusting mess .
 I purchased this item because it claims to have effective means to prevent the food from getting wet and from clogging . Sadly , both clogging and wetness occurred . No user error here and this is n't my first feeder . I returned to find the food wet and breeding some sort of weevily gnat insect , resulting in * serious * problems in my tank . To be fair , this did occur in the humid month of August in New York and the strain proved beyond the model 's capabilities -LRB- still , I was absent for only 3 day -RRB- . Maybe splashback from the fish was a problem . Probably fine with day-to-day feeding in nonhumid climates , but why not just get a cheap , basic model for that ?
 Mine appears to be defective . After setting it all up I watched it for two days and it never did anything . The manual feed worked and that was it . Overall I give it two stars total , assuming mine is defective and this is not normal quality for Hydor as I use many of their other products . It has many undesirable and missing features when and if it does work . The cool feature is the way it shakes as it spins . It sort of acts like sprinkly food into your tank . The actual timer is useless and utter garbage . You DO NOT set a specific feeding time . When you set it up , that is the time it feeds everyday . SO if you set it up at 1:30 p and want to feed your fish at 8a forget it . That 's not how it works . You HAVE to set it up and insert the batteries at 8am to do that ! It feeds everyday at the same time you set it up so in my case if it was 1:30 p . There are 3 programs available . 1/day every 24 hours or at 1:30 p in my example . 2/day the first feeding at 1:30 p and the next next 8 hours laters or 9:30 p. 3/day , again using my example 1:30 p , then 6 hours later at 7:30 p and another 6 hours later at 1:30 a. Not very useful , flexible or friendly to setup . Although I personally am not a fan of eheim products , their feeder is the only product I currently own and would recomend if you are looking for a feeder .
 Bought thsi feeder , followed instructions and it did not accept a proagram for 1,2 or 3 feedings a day . Tried 4 days in a row . Returned item and received a new one with THE SAME PROBLEM !! Now I 'm not a genius but I am and engineer so I should know how to follow minor directions -LRB- granted most engineers do n't follow them - initially -RRB- . Piece of junk ! Bought a cheap feeder at the local pet store that works .
 I had this model until it broke after a year of constant use.The main problem I had with it was that the food would occasionally become wet and clog the feeding mechanism.My goal was to be able to leave for a month and have everything work fine . The moisture problem made it impossible . I would not purchase again .
 I had the same problem as a previous reviewer . After setting it , the light blinked , as promised , every 5 seconds , but after several hours , it simply shut down . I tried new batteries and resetting to no avail . I returned it and got an Eheim 3581 for the same price that works like a charm . Do n't waste your time or money on this clunker .
 The biggest problem with this litter is that it comes in the form of little balls that are the same size and shape as rabbit poop . There is no way of taking a litter scooper and simply sifting the rabbit droppings from the remaining clean litter . My rabbit prefers the litter to stay clean and it 's hard to do that if I have to hand-pick pellets out . If you simply pour all the litter out and do a fresh one on an almost daily basis , you 'll be paying $ 6.00 more than twice a week easy on this stuff . That 's the other problem ... for the price , you do n't get very much litter to work with.My only positive is that it does seem to control the odor .
 i filled my rabbits liter box with this.it seemed fine before i went to bed.when i woke up all the litter had melted into sludge.it took me three hours to clean out the litter box and i ended up throwing away the rest of the litter .
 The packaging had only a small piece of tape on it , which meant the box was mostly open when I received it . Whoever packed the animal critter litter had ripped it open and dumped most of it into the spinner exercise wheel , and the remaining litter into the bottom of the box -LRB- which leaked out all over my porch and house when I brought it in -RRB- . I am VERY disappointed in the poor packaging and will not be ordering these items online again.As far as the litter itself goes - my rats have been using the litter box & seem pleased with the product .
 I bought a bag of this at a local petstore to try it out on my ferret . Its litter and it does what its supposed to do , but seriously ; its expensive , has to be changed often and gets very mushy when used . Its horrible . Living on east coast , spraying out the litter pan with the water hose outside is usually not an option in winter time -LRB- except this winter very mild -RRB- . After a day , I threw the left over contents out into the woods behind my house and switched back to newspaper . Newspaper folds neatly into the corner litter pan , after baazu is done with her duties , I just roll it up , discard and replace with new paper . Takes less than a minute to complete . I have absolutly no oder from my cage . -LRB- my wife wouldnt let me keep it if it did -RRB- I rarely have to use the water hose . Seriously dont buy this junk and dont kid yourself into thinking you have to have it .
 I bought this for my rabbit , and it was horrible.Somehow it got splattered everywhere and thenit turned to a cement like texture in his corner litter box . I had to buy a new litterbox because I could n't get it out-I am sticking to Yesterday 's News .
 I used this heater for about 2 years with a 50 gallon reef tank . After 2 years it developed an internal leak which shorted out the heating coils and tripped my ground fault circuits . In addition to shorting the coils a small amount of water was leaking from the temperature adjustment knob . Because this is the only in-line heater I have found I purchased a second unit to replace the first one . After 2 months it also developed an internal leak and shorted the heating coils . I am now using an in-tank heater.If anyone knows of a good inline heater to use instead of this one please let me know .
 I got a bit frustrated when I was trying to install it on my aquarium . That means I tried everything to get it on the hose . If only they made it with a 1/2 inch option all would be well . Thankfully I had one that 's rated for a smaller aquarium than the one I have . That let me attach it to the tubing that came with my filter .
 I used this heater on a 50 gallon planted tank running inline with a rena xp3 canister filter . When I switched my tank over to start reef keeping it just didnt seem to work any more . It was only 6 mos old when it croaked . I still have it but have n't tried it again in a year . I am thinking that my initial reef tank was too small and there was not enough tank volume for it to work properly . I now use a Catalina 500w titanium heater in the sump of my 60 tall reef . I wont buy another one I cant trust its reliability now . I have a 3000.00 reef system and need reliable equipment .
 I purchased this to replace a submersible heater that was overheating the tank despite the lowest setting . Right away , I could tell that the Hydor was well constructed and made from much better materials than any other heater I have ever used . The installation instructions were a bit vague , but its not a very complicated system . Once I got it going , I was very impressed ! It does keep the temperature very even and consistent according to the setting . It 's also nice since its hidden away behind the stand completely out of sight . One less piece of equipment in the tank ! Well worth the extra price . * UPDATE - Demoted this to two stars . It had been keeping temperature pretty consistent for weeks , but today I went down to find all my fish were dead . The temperature had gone up to 102 degrees without warning . I checked the heater and the setting had n't changed . I 'm checking to see what kind of warranty is offered ! * UPDATE - Hydor did honor the warranty and replace this product . Unfortunately , I noticed a temperature spike once again with the replacement . This time I did manage to catch it before it killed any more fish . While this item heats very well , the thermostat is COMPLETELY useless and unreliable . One commenter on this review suggested using a separate thermostat -LRB- Hydroset was the recommendation -RRB- which I think is exactly what I need .
 The heater worked fine for a little over two years , and then one day the aquarium temperature shot up to over 60 degrees while I was at work and killed all of the fish and shrimp in my 55 gallon tank . If that was not bad enough , when I requested that the company take responsibility for the dead fish , they told me that the heater was out of warranty . I can see not replacing the heater , but their heater killed about 50 fish , and I would have hoped for some type of compensation . This is the last product that I purchase from this company .
 Luckily I recognized that something is wrong with this device as I used it . Heating ok ... but I saw some waterdrops INSIDE the device . I opened it and ... the foam around the flow chamber was partly melted!I recommend not to use this device !!!
 we have had this for about a year and i am throwing it out today ! the feeder is difficult to raise up as the bottom connects to the top through a series of grooves . it is difficult to get the correct placement to have both sides an equal height . i would never have been able to keep dog food inside . we eventually began using the bottom to collect our recyclables . the main problem is that the bowls sit in the unit and it is very easy for food and water to collect underneath . it can get really gross down there .
 I have no idea if this product actually works , as I purchased it based on the fact the description stated it treats up to 8000 gallons . However , the instructions on the bottle state to use 20 oz . for the intial treatment for an 8000 gallon pond and 10 oz for an additional application after 2 weeks . The bottle is only 8 oz . According to the instructions on the bottle , 8 oz . will only treat 1100 gallons , not the 8000 advertised.Shame on Amazon for selling a product with such fraudelent claims !
 I bought this bulb on a whim because mine unexpectedly reached the end of its lifespan . I read the reviews on this , some of which are good and some of which are bad . Well I was hoping the bad were people nitpicking . I was wrong and they were right . This light puts off a horrible green/yellow glow . My tank always looks dirty even though it is clean . Do n't let the cheap price lure you in because these lights really are horrible .
 Our gecko loves this hide as do the kids . A little too much it seems . You must prop the hide up on a great number of layers of carpet or the like to be sure the inside and the outside do not `` rock '' when taking the outside portion off . This afternoon , we discovered our little gecko had lost it 's tail thanks to this hide . It `` rocked '' open and when shutting , his tail was crushed and came off .
 I ordered a medium reptile den for my leopard gecko as part of his new desert terrarium setup . The den arrived today broken in several pieces although the packaging was undamaged & it was well packed . It looks to be an interesting item but does appear to be rather fragile so I 'm rethinking if this will work for me as I 'm worried that my cats might knock the outer piece off & break it . My other concern is that the item has a really strong resin smell . I assume this would dissipate with washing & time , but I would n't want my gecko coming into contact with it until this odor had gone .
 After reading the reviews I thought this would be a nice toy for my miniature dachshund who loves any plush toy that squeaks . She was very excited when I pulled it out of the box and squeaked it but once I gave it to her she had a really hard time getting her mouth around it and squeaking it herself . She picks it up once in a while but I can tell its not one of her favorites because it takes too much effort for her small mouth to squeak it . Probably better for a medium size dog .
 this toy is an awful buy and the manufacturer should be ashamed to market it . The squeaker lasted for exactly one squeak . I know it 's not expensive but that is ridiculous . Instead of buying this piece of junk save a few bucks and buy your pooch a nice treat .
 I do n't honestly remember if they made any claims about this products durability but as with many dog toys ... it took my GSP 2 days to tear it apart and get to the squeaker inside ! It was fun while it lasted .
 My puppy ripped this toy to shreds within the first 15 min he had it . He is a 15 pound lap dog .
 I purchased two of these hoping that my Bostons would enjoy playing with the toy ; however , the first one lasted approx . 20-minutes before it was destroyed in a tug of war battle so I gave the second one to someone w / a dog not so agressive . The AKC rabbit and squirrel last much much longer and I would recommend them hands down over this monkey .
 I was very disappointed with this toy -LRB- multipet curly pets dog toy/monkey -RRB- . I have a small dog and the write-up noted the toy 's sturdiness . Within a few minutes of play the seam on the back was splitting !
 After reading the other reviews , I thought this was going to be a great toy for my puppy ... . IT IS N'T ! It curly ` hairs ' pull out of the animal with the simplest tug ! I took it away from my dog after 5 minutes because I was afraid he would choke on all of the threads that were pulled out in that small amount of time . If you love your dog ... . you wo n't buy this one ... . buy the raccoon instead .
 I decided to give this a try based on the good feedback . On the positive side , my 50 pound lab loved this toy . Unfortunately , the tail was ripped off and the the monkey was disemboweled in a matter of minutes . If your dog is an adept chewer I recommend the Coleman or Kong material toys .
 I purchased this some time ago . At that time I purchased quite a few doggie items and this one stands out as one of the best ! My dog is in love with him and licks his tail and then plays attack with it . He has yet to cause any damage to it . It started looking dirty recently and I washed and dried it without any ill effects.update : I purchased two more . When I opened one the quality did not seem the same and it was not long and my dog had torn it up . The first one he had 6 months . When this one got torn up polyester and the squeeker came out . This is such a hazard for a dog . I am so lucky my dog did not ingest it along with the squeeker !
 My 3 month old lab puppy did n't like it much . He occasionally picks it up . Not attractive for puppies .
 My puppy really loved this toy , but he put a hole in the seam on the first day playing with it ! I let him play with it supervised , but I do n't want him swallowing the stuffing . It 's really too bad , it was one of the few toys he really took to.Maybe it was just his sharp puppy teeth as the other reviews rave about this toy . I was disappointed .
 Yes , it 's durable . My Golden usually opens holes in minutes but he 's gone 2 weeks without damaging it yet.But this may be because the squeaker is very hard to squeak . If the monkey does n't squeak why should he be interested in it?This monkey needs a better squeaker .
 Indestructible ? I think not ! My 9 pound Havanese puppy had the stuffing and the squeaker out within two hours . On the flip side , she still likes this stuffless , flat toy .
 Big chewers in my house , and they ripped it to shreds the first day , in a matter of a few minutes . Sorry . It is really cute and probably perfect for small dogs or light chewers .
 This dog toy did not last even a day before Harley , our English Cocker Spaniel puppy , had shredded it to pieces ! His little sharp teeth got through to the stuffing , spreading it all over the house . However , we were relieved there was stuffing and not those tiny little beads .
 I had ordered this toy so I had something to give a 5 week old boxer mix pup I was adopting when I went to pick him up.He had n't had this monkey for no more than 5 minutes when I had begun to hear tearing noises ; 20 minutes after giving it to him , he was running around the house with the squeaker.Was very disappointed . This may be a great product for dogs that have passed their teething stages , but for those that have n't , stick to toys that you know are truly `` indestructible '' LOL like Gorilla toys .
 I know a fake plant wo n't look as nice as a real one , however , I find this one is just too tacky looking to be used -LRB- returning to Amazon -RRB- . I found the picture to be quite misleading for the one I purchased as it looks 10x better than it does in person .
 Seriously , this fake plant looks so obviously fake . Its also very ugly . It certainly does n't look anything like the photo provided .
 I ordered two large and two medium . I believe this is the one I never received and got a refune . The other two I received and am very pleased with those two . Barb
 I know a fake plant wo n't look as nice as a real one , however , I find this one is just too tacky looking to be used -LRB- returning to Amazon -RRB- . I found the picture to be quite misleading for the one I purchased as it looks 10x better than it does in person .
 Seriously , this fake plant looks so obviously fake . Its also very ugly . It certainly does n't look anything like the photo provided .
 I ordered two large and two medium . I believe this is the one I never received and got a refune . The other two I received and am very pleased with those two . Barb
 Not asking for a refund or a return as I purchased this via the four-for-three promotion and I 'll just regard this as the free item . SO cute looking . I do n't know how , without making any rips , the squeaker was silenced under five minutes by my fairly wild playing male Yorkshire Terrier and dwarf Australian Cattle Dog . But it is now mute . Cute but mute . I get enough good deals from Amazon to not elect to bother with replacing this one but I think for some reason maybe not all the squeakers are that durable . The sewing seems okay though .
 Cute toy , but my dog ripped a giant hole in it within the first day . The squeker lasted though . Not very durable . So far NANCO has made the best dog toy I have found.This might be better suited for a toy type of breed .
 My cat -LRB- ~ 6 months old -RRB- was very excited as I showed him the toys and took them off of the cardboard ... I threw one to him and he batted it with his claw . Surprising us both , the toy broke!I could n't make this up if I tried ... the lines that you see on the balls are made of a scratching post material but they are simply glued on , not built into the ball at all . One bat of his paw was all it took for the lines to come off and thus it revealed the glue underneath . I quickly ran over to take the toy from him and by that point he 'd already pulled out most of the feathers with his mouth ... they also were not secured very well . I put everything in the trash after that.It 's very disappointing because the ball itself is an amazing toy ... it 's bouncy but furry and he loves animal print . Even if I would have ripped the feathers out for safety , the exposed glue was not something I wanted him to play with ... I ca n't recommend this unless the construction of it changes ... or if they offer a version that is just the ball , with no feathers and glued-on lines .
 I 've been buying the Flexi brand retractable leashes for over 20 years , and have always been pleased with them . This is the first time that I have not liked one of their leashes , and for the sole reason that they made the retractable cord too thin this time . The result is a leash that does not retract well , and gets somewhat hung up , having the effect of drooping and dragging rather than being taut at all times . I bought this for my chihuahua , who likes to be way out in front and always kept previous leashes stretched to their max . With this leash , and even though he 's well out in front , the leash is just not performing as expected.I think if they had stuck with their original cord width , the leash would work just fine.Very disappointed .
 I know a fake plant wo n't look as nice as a real one , however , I find this one is just too tacky looking to be used -LRB- returning to Amazon -RRB- . I found the picture to be quite misleading for the one I purchased as it looks 10x better than it does in person .
 Seriously , this fake plant looks so obviously fake . Its also very ugly . It certainly does n't look anything like the photo provided .
 I ordered two large and two medium . I believe this is the one I never received and got a refune . The other two I received and am very pleased with those two . Barb
 My rabbit ignored it ; Cube of hay sat in the corner of his cage for a week untouched ... Guess he is just an uncompressed hay type of bunny . Not for all bunnies apparently !
 Too easy for cat to get off.Have already lost it . This is the second one we have lost so wo n't recommend this to others .
 Great product , but very confused why the place an advertising sticker on the product that ca n't be removed ? I bought it for clean organized look , but it looks horrible with a half removed sticker .
 So I purchased this thinking it would keep mice out of my birdseed . At first , I thought this would do the trick . However , the little monsters decided to try and eat their way through the lid . Every day I would find more of the lid chewed , and tiny brown `` mouse packages '' to let me know just who the cuprits were ! Eventually , after about 2 weeks , they had chewed enough of the lid as well as the sealing cord to access the birdseed . I am now left with an unusable product and some very fat mice !
 When I received the product and snapped the lid on for the first time it did n't seem to fit snugly . I tried to get it to lock on better by applying firm pressure around the edges , but the moment I let off , the lid would pop back up a bit . The catch point seemed to be where the lid went over the handles.I had hoped that despite this , that the gasket would still be sufficient to seal it , but two weeks later my dog food is full of tiny ants . They are able to free walk under the lid , totally defeating the point of the airtight spinning cap . Judging by the magnitude of infestation , it seems that the ants find it easier to get into the container than the rolled up bag containing the extra dog food I could n't fit into this.Bummer ...
 I do n't trust this conditioner because it was as thick as honey and did n't distribute properly through the water . I had globs of it floating in the tank . Maybe I just got an old bottle .
 I normally get a ultra-concentrated supplement but ordered this one because I did not have time to go to the fish store.This stuff left a file on the water and made the fountain foam . I measured it correctly because I had just cleaned out the aquarium and rinsed the rocks.I 'm just not happy with it and hope the fish are okay . I 'm not saying do n't buy it but I wo n't get it a second time .
 I bought this on a recommendation and used it with my 40 gallon tank that has been up for over 25 years . Within hours of the initial usage I lost a angel fish and a tiger barb . I have not put it in my tank since and have had no other instances of fish dying . I followed the directions precisely so I 'm not really sure what happened , but have no interest in testing again .
 So , I used this initially when I first got an aquarium because someone else told me they used it . At first all was fine , it does what it needs to do by getting rid of the ammonia/chlorine from tap water.Here 's the thing , these water conditioners that have `` slime coat '' crap in them , the way they work is by BURNING the fish , the irritation induces them to produce their slime coat . I was n't aware of this , but when I was using it , I noticed that some of my fish would always flash - swim rapidly up and down the glass - I did n't know if it was them being `` excited '' to have a water change , no , they were just in pain/stressed . Anyway , after coming to the end of my bottle in like 1 month 's time , I ordered Seachem Safe -LRB- powder version of Prime -RRB- . My fish no longer flash , and it works better , way more cost efficient . Save your money , buy Safe or Prime , both are way better .
 When my aqua safe water conditioner came it was cracked on the side and more than half ofnit spilled out making a sticky mess when I opened it .
 Does not work as stated . Bottle is almost empty and water is still not clear . Going to another product .
 A picture of the whole plant would be more helpful . To me , it 's not very large . I would n't have paid the price if I 'd known how big it really was , but it works .
 Looks great but will not let water out for gerbil it gets dry on the ball & will not release any water my poor gerbil I didnt know she couldnt get any water until I went to add water & it was still full so I waited & watched her struggle to get water to come out & I took my finger & pushed on it & it did finally come out but once it dried again she could not get the thing to release water so I had to replace with another bottle hope you dont have the same issue if you buy this just keep a close eye on it & good luck
 I received this item today , and I will not buy these fertilizer tablets again . There was no seal on the outside of the lid or underneath the lid . The bottle was a little over half full , and most of the tablets inside have crumbled into powder . There is no way there are 75 tablets in there . I will be returning these for a refund .
 I received this item within a few days of ordering . Tablets were mostly a powdered mess in bottle . The product that remained in tablet form crushed in my fingers as I tried to insert them into my aquatic pond plants .
 I 've used Tetra Pond lily tabs for many years and been very satisfied with the product . However , this is the first time I 've ordered the tabs via Amazon . Although 75 tabs were promised , many of the tablets were totally disintegrated upon arrival and the bottle was filled with more powder/dust than formed tablets . Of the formed tablets that were somewhat intact , most showed signs of decomposition and crumbled when I attempted to implant them into my lily pots . Ca n't say whether the problem was with Tetra Pond or with Amazon 's poor shipping . The bottle arrived loose within a in a lightly padded envelope , which may have allowed the tabs to be shaken and broken apart during their transit from the warehouse to my home . Total waste of money !
 The tablets crumbled in my fingers and became powdered fertilizers . It 's not in tablet format where I can insert it into the container . Not recommended .
 I bought this for a decent price , but the support piece that goes across the bottom was too long . Instead of sending it back , I just used a saw and drill to cut it right and drill new holes . Would have thought the factory could have done it right in the first place though.It 's a nice enough piece , but if I was going to have to use carpentry skills , I should have just made my own stand .
 I cant believe how few and how small these turned out to be . Pass on this and buy from a bird safe toy supply place instead . Way overpriced for what you get .
 This food is horrible for hamsters and gerbils . It is WAY to fatty ! My gerbil started to eat it and I saw almost right away that he was getting fat . Gerbils and hamsters may love it but it 's really bad for them . It has to many sunflower seeds , dried corn , and dried fruit . If you want your hamster or gerbil to be healthy do n't buy it . It 's a waist of money .
 This is a replacement tube for the one that already comes with the product . It can not be use to `` extend '' the tube for a taller tank without restricting water flow , as the name implies .
 I was really expecting something big enough for my baby green cheek conure . This is small enough for finches and parakeets . This is not for `` medium to large birds '' as the product description said .
 I bought the AquaClear 50g filter for my tank because reviews said it was one of the quietest . However , after a year , the impeller began to grind and rattle , so I bought this replacement one in hopes of stopping the noise . Unfortunately , I will never know if a new impeller would have solved the problem . The first one I received came in a smashed box and had two blades cracked off . So , I returned it for a replacement , and received another defective impeller -LRB- no blades cracked off , but it had come loose from the plastic box during shipping and bounced around , causing wear and tear , and when placed in my filter , was exponentially louder than it had ever been -RRB- due to improper packaging . So , I returned THAT one for a replacement , and the third impeller had one blade cracked off . It 's not worth it to keep asking for replacements if they wo n't improve the packaging . These impellers are delicate and the littlest chip will cause the impeller to rattle in the filter . That said , I do not recommend buying this impeller online . If you can find another place that packages it properly , then go for it . But not Amazon .
 One of the blades is chipped . I ordered this impeller because even the vaseline would n't help the original impeller on the AquaClear filter I got . But like the original , one of the blades is a little chipped . I chose the filter because it received very good reviews . Maybe I got stuck with a lemon .
 I 'm kind of unhappy that they make you buy the whole impeller , the plastic blades cost about 50 cents and snap on and off easily ... . but I guess they do n't sell the blades separately .
 I tried this product because of the positive reviews . The first time I gave these bloodworms to my bettas , one of them tried one , spit it out and ignored the others floating at the top of the tank ; and the other betta swam by , investigated them , and ignored them . I tried giving my bettas the bloodworms two more times with the same results . I tried giving them the bloodworms at dinner time before feeding them their regular dinner , so appetite was n't the issue . I checked the expiration date , and I 'm years away from getting close to it . My bettas just did n't find these bloodworms appetizing . I do n't know whether my bettas are unique in this respect , but I somehow doubt it . One betta , maybe , but not two .
 my betta did n't like at all ... he just looked at it and swam away ... i fed it to the gold fish in my pond ... they eat anything and they were n't impressed either .
 This airline is too stiff and it does not fit other air accessories nipples without really forcing it on with pliers
 This is sold with ActiveAqua Submersible Water Pump 160 GPH and does not fit quite right and the water just leaks out . I suspect that it is incorrectly paired with the pump or possibly the tube is of the wrong diameter .
 I 've worked with quite a bit of aquarium tubing . This tubing is a little on the small -LRB- diameter -RRB- side which makes it difficult to get over the barb ends of many connectors . I wo n't buy this again , spend a bit more and get the real deal .
 I received the tubing today and it appears as though a small piece of gravel had scratched through part of the tubing and was still inside the tubing . I do n't think it will have much flow through the line !! I had to return the item , and I do not have the option from Amazon to have a replacement sent , so the return is all I get . Now , I have to try and find this in the pet store , which I know will be more expensive .
 I 've been using this product only brand Yesterday 's News Rabbit for my guinea pigs for many years . One purchased stock of this brand sudden poor quality change killed my two piggies.That sudden poor quality stock of Yesterday 's News are too cruel daily torturing my Young Teen piggies . Please never buy any this YN Rabbit brand or small animal brand . Even though now you use it your pets are safe , in the future you wo n't know when this brand any sudden change in quality again . I believe other pets died because of this brand but the owners wo n't know the cause.After my guinea pigs used the new stock YN from petco.com again for few days , they decrease drinking water , abdomens began shaking and painful . Frequent pain squeaking when stool out , daily vomiting when eating developed later , weight loss . My vet diagnosed serious gastrointestinal disease that with inflammatory bowel disease IBD symptoms , gas problem , blood stool , increased mucous in the stool , poor patterns of motility , fluid and bubbles in some part of stomach . Daily relying motility and gas pain reduced drugs , special diet.The poor bedding I showed to vet , who also believes the cause is bedding , think this kind of injury causes permanent damage to many digestive nerves that can never recover.I blame myself and cry a lot after discover the cause is from new purchase bedding . It could n't be problem on food as they have daily oxbow pellets , Kaytee timothy hay , lettuce & baby carrots , oxbow Vitamin C.I bought 3 bags at petco.com . I still have 2 bags of old stock of same NY product underneath the shelf . I opened all these old stock and new stock bags . I moist a little to split some pellets of bedding by hand to small particles to find the structure inside . Because manufacture needs to grind paper to small particles first , then , compress particles together to form a large paper pellet.The old stock of 2 bags every bedding particle were well grind by manufacture to tiny . When soak those particles in bowel of water , every bedding particle were soften to dissolve in about few seconds very quickly . To compare , the new stock of all 3 bags are terrible . Every bedding particles are about 4x larger , very poor lazy grind by manufacture . When soak them in bowel of water I had been waiting over 3 minutes , every bedding particles were still did n't softened , all the paper edges were still very roughly sharp when I touch . I need to wait longer in water for all bedding particles soften to dissolve.The new stock I also found two transparent non-soluble tiny foreign material hide in pellets seems like hard plastic as sharp as glass . Old stock does n't have any of these.Comparing all the new pellets with old pellets , all the new stock pellets are very long , has a much thicker glossy transparent wax looking layer surround every pellet but the old stock contains very mild layer . I 've a big doubt pure newspaper should not have such strange slow reaction to water , unless this product becomes very non-pure newspaper .
 I gave only green veggie and this product to my baby sulcatas -LRB- 5 of them -RRB- and the result is they all have pyramid shell . I believe that the effect is delay . You wont see the different just 2 weeks after you feed them with this product , however i dont believe that green veggie would caused pyramiding effect . So , i blame this product instead of green veggie , do research before buying .
 Squirrels were in my feeder the next day . I watched them run up the pole and hop over the disk . Could n't believe they did it , but they did.also the disk has to slip over the pole . we had to cut part of the pole to slip the disk on . All this work and the squirrels still out-smarted us .
 If you do n't mind buying two a season this baffle works great . Deters the majority of squirrels but I did have two large squirrels that were big enough to pull the baffle down and reach the top lip to pull themselves up.They get brittle quickly in the sun and require dismantling the entire feeder assembly to slide on the collar and the baffle . Squirrels will realize that they can break brittle baffles by slamming them into the metal pole . Over a year the center collar was quite chewed up , if I had decided to keep this system I would have needed to replace the collar by next year.I 've moved to an all metal baffle system -LRB- Stokes Select 38046 -RRB- and while I have no doubt that the squirrels will figure a way around it , I wo n't have to worry about them getting around the system by destroying the product .
 I liked the product but the pole that my bird feeler hangs on has a 2 prong stand that goes in the ground.This quirrel baffle only goes on a straight pole.You really need to say what kind of stand it will work on.The squirrel baffle was fine except it would not work on my stand .
 This stuff has junked up my tank sinks quickly and I will never order it again . Great ingredients but sinks to quickly like a minute will go by and it 's sunk .
 We were so excited to get the rubber chicken . After reading the reviews I thought that it would stand up to the jaws of steal.not so much ... Less than 3 minutes and our boxer had mr.chicken 's wing and leg torn right off.I guess I either have a defective chicken or a defective dog.I 'm quite sad ... I 'm still looking for a toy that he wo n't destroy.Perhaps I need to look in automotive .
 My dog loved this chicken , but was tearing pieces off of it within 10 minutes . They really should n't advertize this as a dog toy unless your dog has no teeth .
 very odd looking thing , and the thing that makes the noises fell off the chicken after my dog played with it for about 10 min ... and my puppy is a little yorkie , so there is no way it was his fault
 our boston terrier puppy chewed off pieces pretty easily , we had to take it away because we do n't want him to accidentally swallow anything
 I washed this with warm soapy water and it still burns your skin . Got it on my face and set me a fire . Dont buy this something on it burns your skin .
 I got this product because it had good ratings for durability as a pet toy . My dog LOVES squeaky toys and chews on them until she rips out the squeaker . She was super excited when I got it out of the box and loved it immediately . Unfortunately within five minutes she had the rooster 's comb mostly chewed off entirely . I had to take it away from her , because the rubber was coming off in pieces large enough for her to choke on.Maybe this product is durable for smaller dogs or something , but my dog is 40 pounds and she was already destroying it after just a few minutes .
 My JRT had this chewed up in 20 min . After the squeaker was removed he lost interest . Too expensive and it smells like cheap rubber too .
 This is a terrible product and it is unsafe at any height - it should receive negative stars , it is that bad . It is impossible to install safely and correctly and I do n't believe that it is intended for vinyl windows although the manufacturer does n't tell you that . Do you want to run screws into vinyl window frames ? What if you decide to take it out ? What do you do about the hole then ? At least you can fill the hole in wood.I have no idea what type of window they think this fits but I have Anderson wood that are vinyl clad -LRB- no way -RRB- and replacement all vinyl windows -LRB- not a chance -RRB- . I suppose it may fit certain types of old style wood windows with PERFECTLY FLAT sash bottoms . Here 's the problem
 According to this kit , my pH is somewhere between 7 and 6.5 -LRB- a pretty big range -RRB- and my KH is 1 . I 'm trying to figure out the CO2 in my water and if I count my pH as 7 then my CO2 is 3 ppm , but if I count it as 6.5 then my CO2 is 9 ppm -LRB- 3 times higher !! -RRB- . The pH test needs finer gradings.My water tastes hard , leaves spots all over my dishes , and my water company says its hard , but this kit says its extremely soft -LRB- GH and KH are 1 -RRB- . I 'm pretty sure this test is inaccurate here.It also does not have a test for Nitrate which will be important in figuring out what my water changing schedule needs to be.Essentially this kit was a waste of money and I 'm going to have to buy another one because I do n't believe the results of the hardness tests , the pH test is not accurate enough and there is no test for nitrate .
 Disclaimer
 My little 10 pound dog completely destroyed this toy in just a few minutes . She had the squeeker out and then shredded the body . Only the ropes survived . Now we just have expensive rope toys left .
 Biting fly 's do n't seem to be repelled by this product . On the other hand , mosquitos seem to be less assertive .
 First , bottle I received had leaked into the packaging , the label was unreadable and more thqn half was gone . I called customer service and they sent another bottle . When I received the new bottle , I did not like this product , the warnings on the label made me decide not to use it . I was afraid it could potentially harm my dogs . It was n't worth the risk of using it . I WILL NOT BUY THIS AGAIN .
 I have 2 RES turtles , and neither of them will touch this food . I 've tried giving it to them over a dozen times and using several strategies
 I ordered the fluval impellar cover for a 303 pump , they sent the wrong part twice . THey have an inventory labeling problem , as the impellar cover is numbered with the wrong part number . Anyway , in spite of numerous calls , I never did recieve the part and spent 2 weeks waiting for nothing . Do n't order from this company .
 They sent the wrong part and when I called them they said I ordered the wrong part they sent , even though I had the correct part listed on their invoice to me !!! They were called three times and I even gave them the information , stock # and description on their own invoice but never got what I ordered . STAY AWAY FROM THIS SELLER !!!!
 I ordered this product 8 days ago and now Amazon stepped forward and told me that EntirelyPets does n't have even have inventory and cancelled my order the company is a joke DONT ' T order from them .
 The pet toy that I actually received in the package was totally different from what was advertised . Beware .
 I just bought two -LRB- 2 -RRB- boxes from this seller -LRB- That Fish Place - That Pet Place -RRB- on 11-01-10 . BOTH boxes expired 09-10 , nice !
 The tip is rather big and is `` seperating '' so the pill falls out . It 's a bit big to fit into a cat 's mouth , in my opinion . We got another one and use this as a back up .
 The name and the instructions are very deceptive . It will only work if your knock your cat unconscious before trying to administer the pill . I 've got the scars on my arm to prove it .
 I always shake my head when I see these ` in style ' beta tanks . Betas are the new thing for the workplace and home . Unfortunately most owners do n't think of fish as they would a dog or cat . You ca n't put a cat or dog into a pet carrier , give them some food every once in a while , and expect them to be happy or live long.You know those cups that stores sell the betas in ? this ` tank ' is about the same size . It 's true that bettas can survive in a small puddle of water in the wild but that 's only during the dry season . They actualy thrive in larger tanks . Honestly I would n't put a betta in anything under a filtered 1gal tank . An unhappy betta wo n't show off for you . You wo n't realy see his full colors and fins . And he wo n't live long.Tetra Water Wonders 1.5 Gallon Aquarium Kitis a great small desktop-type aquarium that I keep my bettas in .
 Too small for a temporary home . Not bad I guess if you wanted to put one in there while your changing your REAL tank . You can get a 5 gal for cheaper at some places . Please be kind !
 This bowl is unnaturally small and by no means should anyone buy this for a betta . Bettas like to swim around . I would suggest at the least a 3 gallon tank .
 Just because a Betta can survive in small conditions because in their natural environment during the drought season does n't mean that we should keep them in those conditions . Many Bettas do n't survive these rough conditions that nature provides in their home territory . If you buy small cups and throw a fish in them - you are just condemning them to solitary confinement in a prison cell . My Betta is in a 10 gallon tank and you would n't believe the fun he has exercising and playing in all that space . If you care - you would never subject this beautiful creature to cups of water if you saw them in gallons of HEATED -LRB- they are tropical fish -RRB- water !!!!!! Study this fish and you will understand that we take for granted their survival mechanisms and exploit them for our own foolish pleasure .
 This is WAY too small . Despite common misconceptions , bettas do NOT like to be kept in tiny containers . They do NOT live in small puddles their entire lives . They live in rice paddies that are flooded in the rainy season and slowly dry up . Bettas have adapted to survive in shallow water , but will not thrive in a cup.Ammonia will build up quickly in a container like this . Also , the temperature will fluctuate . Bettas need clean fresh water and a stable tropical temperature . Failing to meet these needs will result in illness and eventually death.If you want to keep a betta , there are many wonderful online resources . Do some research before you buy one of these amazing creatures !
 Okay , you saw the picture . This poor betta has no space what-so-ever to swim . I keep my betta is a heated , underground filtrated 8 gallon hex . I think this tank is ridiculous . Bettas are tropical fish , and need a heated tank . You could n't fit a heater in this ` tank ' if you tried , and let alone fit a betta in here . Also , in a small tank bacteria will build up quickly and its excrements will dissolve and break down into nitrogen , and in this small tank , it will add up quickly , and soon your betta will be belly-up . I can not emphasize enough about what a rip off this tank is . Trust me , use you 5 dollars wisely , and save them for a better tank . Your betta will thank you .
 All I have to say is , if you are heartless enough to consider keeping a betta in this , save yourself the shipping and handling and put it in a 2liter soda bottle . I 'm sure it would have more space to swim in that than in this .
 Bettas need room in their tanks to swim around . Smaller tankmeans stressed betta . Also , the smaller the tank the more water changes it needs . Not only is this a pain for the owner , but it is very stressful for the betta .
 Are you people who buy this thing blind ? In the picture you can plainly see that poor fish is cramped ! All it can doo is swim around in a tiny circle around that sharp plant , dragging his delicate silk like fins across it 's sharp points ! That picture is fake anyway , any betta who had to live in that bowl would never flare his fins out even that far ! He would clamp them to his body to provect them from the plant and save some space ! How would you seriously like to live in a closet with a big coat rack with sharp edges in the middle ? I am not being over dramatic , this `` tank '' -LRB- cup -RRB- is the most horrible thing you could do to a fish ! I had this once and I QUICKLY rehomed my poor fish -LRB- as in I dropped him in and pulled him right back out ! -RRB- I bought him a 2 gallon fish bowl with a under ground filter . People always complain that bettas do n't live long and they are too fragile , well , I have seen betta 's kept in 5 gallon tanks with filtration systems and daily feeding of high qualtity betta food and bloodworks live for 10 years or longer !!! and they never got sick ! If you care at all about your fish , you will at LEAST get a simple 1 gallon kit with an under gravel filter , they sell very cheap depending on where you go , as low as 11 dollars at Walmart ! Please do n't torture your fish ! you would never imagine putting your ferret or cat or dog in a hamster cage , would you ?
 I am actually glad to see there are this many people against this aweful sham of a betta `` home '' . This is just plain outrageous . Sure a betta CAN survive in something this small , but a human CAN survive living in a closet . Would you want to though ? Well neither does your betta!And the Silica gravel stuff at the bottom ... wow , just , wow ... they print `` Do Not Eat '' on the little packages of Silica for a reason ! -LRB- you know the ones they put in new shoes to absorb moisture -RRB- It amazes me that some people think thats safe to put in with a LIVE ANIMAL !!!
 Tanks like this for bettas should be made illegal . I ca n't believe that anyone even thinks a ` tank ' like this is a good idea . I have 2 bettas , one male and one female . They are some of the most intelligent , affectionate fish I have , and I ca n't imagine ever subjecting them to living in a tank like this . I guess Mark Twain was right ; humans truly are ` the lowest animal . '
 Do n't buy this tank ! I bought one and it was small . It also LEAKED and almost killed my fish . Luckily I put water back in it and the fish survived for now and I 'm awaiting for them to fully recover . This is the most horrible design of a tank and needs to be recalled and fixed . The water stopper at the bottom can get a miniature fracture in it that you cant see because the whole stopper is black and can start leaking water overnight . My heart almost stopped to see the fishies trying to survive on the bottom of the tank . I would stay away from this tank as you can see from all the reviews .
 Ditto to all the other negative reviews . My betta lives in a 10-gallon tank .
 This item is not nearly big enough for a single betta fish to live happily . They require AT LEAST 2.5 US gallons , a heater and a filter , and bettas are pretty tough fish . Please do not buy this to put a fish in .
 I have never had trouble with this company when ordering Kid 'n' Pets cleaner . However , the last time I ordered on - Dec 2 , 2007 , the money was taken from my account on Dec 6 , and I have yet to receive my product . I have contacted the company that produces the product twice and have had no reply from either contact . I am , to say the least , disappointed.Anne Hudson
 I 've got two dogs who will eat almost anything . I like to give them good , wholesome food and the increasing prices make it difficult . I purchased the Merrick Turducken as Merrick used to be a great company that made wonderful dog food that looked like human food . Not in this case ! It looks , smells , and has the same appetizing effect on my dogs as if I 'd thrown up in the bowl . AVOID AT ALL COSTS !!!! Neither of my dogs likes it and I 'm stuck with an expensive case of food . My dogs both sniffed their bowls , then walked away . I 'm feeding it to them as its bought and paid for , but I feel cruel doing so . They usually wo n't jump right into eating it , no matter how hungry they are . They do eat a little , but usually leave at least half in their bowl and that 's so unlike them ! Horrible dog food . Would never recommend to anyone . Looks disgusting and must taste the same the way my dogs are avoiding it .
 We love the Merrick lines of food to mix in with the Nature 's Variety dried kibble . Our dogs simply turn their noses up at this food and will not touch it . They are n't normally fussy eaters . I have one who will eat whatever you put in front of him , but not this . We 'll stick to Wing A Lings , Turducken and Smothered Comfort .
 When i assembled the cage and pen ... and placed my rabbit in it . within minutes my rabbit started to naw threw the mat . she also started to naw threw the velcrow . It works well as a cover where the rabbit cant reach it . . but definitely not a mat !
 I wrote a review on the smaller pen also , but I want to post it here to warn rabbit owners . These pens are very dangerous because they are known to come unlatched . When this happens the curious little rabbits like to see if they can get out , for us and others this resulted in the death of the rabbit . I recommend a pen built for dogs to house your rabbits in . These seemed like a great idea at the time , but if you value your rabbit , do not buy .
 I saw a post on how these could be dangerous for rabbits and wanted to add my 2 cents . I also have one that my 2 rabbits are currently housed in and yes , they get out ! They 've gotten out about 4 times in about 3 weeks . They also chew the matt/cover . I will be purchasing them something else to live in . Be very careful !
 There are cheaper and/or better water bottles out there . This one was obviously not going to be convenient to take out and replace in the cage , so we never used it .
 I got this in the mail a couple days ago . It would n't let any water out at first so I figured I had to play with it a bit to get it to work . So some water comes out and I put it in Midnight , my dwarf hamster 's cage and do n't check on the bottle . Tonight I found out that she has n't been drinking since she got it . I took it out , trid to figure it outm and eventually put it back and got a little bin of water . When I came back into the room with the small dish , she was going crazy trying to get water out of the bottle.This may have worked for some people , but it was absolutely useless and made Mid not have ANY water . Not to mention made me feel like a parent neglecting her child.The only reason I even realized it was because I did n't recall hearing her lapping at the metal ball at the end . If I had n't have checked , who knows what could have happened.If you were planning on buying this for a non-leak bottle then I suggest just cleaning up extra wet pieces of bedding .
 I have fiddled with these bottles every which way to try to get them to work for our small rodents ; they simply do n't allow the water to come out readily . I had to take out and shake the bottle each time the animals wanted a drink , which is not practical or healthy . Get pretty much any old generic bottle and it will be better for your pets than these .
 My dwarf hampster can not get water out of this bottle . . it apears that there is a spring behind the little ball at the end of the tube and it does not let the ball moe back enough for the hampster to get any water out of it .
 I purchased one of these and it does not work ! Poor hamsters almost died . Pushed my finger against the ball no water came out did it repetedly still no water . Had to squeeze it to make the ball damp . Guess they are right it does not drip but it does n't allow the hamsters any water either . Put a super shallow bowl with a bit of water for now until I can find a working replacement .
 I was looking for a pet tag that reflected and was glow-in-the-dark . I bought this because of the price . Now I wish I had n't purchased it . It is flimsy and I ca n't see how it can reflect ! Do n't buy this one !
 The tags didnt do what it said , it didnt reflect at night & its not water proof & when I contacted the company about the tags all I got was im sorry , they could have at least offered 2 replace it just in case had a defect , I wasnt please !
 I ordered the ranch flavor and when I received them they had a sell by date of September of 2008 !!!
 This is a very nice looking feeder ... for a little while . It is the perfect height for my Golden Retriever . Unfortunately , he drips water on the wood when he drinks , so after two months it is ruined . I even tried to dry it off each time I saw a splash . The wood has warped and peeled and for the price I am very disappointed . My suggestion would be to get a raised wrought iron feeder instead -RRB- - :
 Crappy in all aspects . Yes it works but just crappy built . No seal to keep it water tight . Hose it two short . Clip is week . Plastic is junk .
 I ordered the ranch flavor and when I received them they had a sell by date of September of 2008 !!!
 This food looks okay for your guinea pig , but it is unhealthy and potentially dangerous . The first ingredient is alfalfa meal . Guinea pig pellets should be timothy -LRB- hay -RRB- based , not alfalfa based . Alfalfa based pellets should only be given to baby guinea pigs -LRB- up to six months of age -RRB- and pregnant/nursing pigs . Alfalfa has a high calcium content , and excess calcium can contribute to bladder crystals/sludge/stones and urinary problems.The second ingredient of this food is corn . Corn is not a natural food for guinea pigs . Dried corn carries the risk of aflatoxin , and corn , while not necessarily harmful to guinea pigs , works as cheap filler and does not offer pigs any nutritional value . Corn can also contribute to allergies.This food also contains Ethoxyquin . Ethoxyquin is a highly controversial preservative that is used in a lot of pet food . The U.S. Department of Agriculture lists Ethoxyquin as a pesticide . It is also used as a rubber stabilizer . Ethoxyquin is strongly suspected of causing cancer , birth defects , organ damage , blindness and other serious health problems . People handling Ethoxyquin are supposed to be masked and gloved . If it is not safe for us , how can it be safe for our animal friends?If you want the best for your guinea pigs , you will feed them plain timothy based pellets , without seeds or nuts or dried fruit bits mixed in . You will provide fresh loose timothy hay or orchard grass at all times , and you will give your pigs fresh vegetables everyday -- like parsley , green pepper , red pepper , dandelion leaves , romaine , cucumber , celery , etc. .
 I see these are unavailable , perhaps I am the one that got the last package . What size box will hold 100 pcs of tendons ? Would you believe 5 '' by 7 '' by 2 '' , and it fit easily in my regular mailbox -LRB- not large or oversize mailbox -RRB- ? I thought it was some kind of joke at first . If you could pick the pieces of tendons from the picture off the screen that 's exactly what you 're getting , they are very flat and thin . They are , however , all 3 '' to 4 '' long . What size dog could make a chew out of these ? Mine are small dogs and they would eat this in 30 seconds flat -LRB- they have never eaten a tendon in less than 10-15 minutes -RRB- . Given the price charged for shipping I can not recommend these.UPDATE
 Well , I 'm sure the food has good healthy stuff in it , but I am quite convinced that Kaytee did n't try this stuff on real chins before they started marketing it . I have a huge litter of chins right now -- Both mom and dad are in the same cage with FOUR babies waiting for new owners to pick them up this week . Anyway , it 's been a LONG TEN weeks , and Kaytee Forti-Diet ProHealth just contributed to the extra work and stress I 've already had in raising these chins . Let me explain : The Forti-Diet has little orange pieces mixed into it that the chins just love . The second I refill the two food bowls , everyone , all six , run to the bowl to dig through the food looking for the orange bits . Obviously they have a better taste than the rest as I 've never heard of a chin with a color preference.Anyway , food goes flying all over the cage , builds into a pile next to the bowl as they continue to dig the next day and the next day . Chins urinate on it -- you get the picture.Naturally my answer is going to be to dig through future food before putting it in their bowls and remove the orange bits , then wait for the day they realize there are no longer orange bits in their food . I have a feeling this will take a while , and it is a step I wish I did n't have to take.I think Kaytee should just leave the offering of treats up to the chin owners and concentrate on the good , healthy pellets .
 Look closely at what you 're ordering here . Very Very Misleading . The photo show a gallon of `` Shed-Stop '' for Dogs . What you are ordering is actually Shed Solution for Skin & Coat . These are different products.If you are used to using Shed Stop and like it and are looking to re-order it this is not the products.Ingredients are different . See other reviews saying the same . Hopefully Amazon will take it back as I did n't realize the old switcheroo until I went to open it .
 My dog is a Siberian husky . He had diarrhea after eating it as recommended amount . Tryed to redued the amount , but still had diarrhea . so had to stopped using it . Seems working though .
 Be aware that you will not get what is in the picture , but what is in writing . I called to verify what I would get if I placed an order for the food in the picture and was assured it would be cat food . What came was a 34 pack of dog sausages as in the writing . As soon as/if they change it , I will delete this reveiw . Be aware . Even though it was returned at amazon expense , it was still a pain in the neck .
 She loves it alright . She 's had it for almost an hour now , and is nearly to the squeaker . The first two photos I took -LRB- above -RRB- were taken at about 30 minutes , when she 'd gotten the stuffing out . I 'll take more photos of the final carnage . She 's ~ 30lbs and 8 months old ... I mean , she loves the toy , but I guess the larger size might be tougher ? No , I can see it being bigger , but I doubt it 's stitched any more robustly ... Anyhow , it 's $ 7 , so whatever . But , man . I was really hoping to have found the toy that she could have for longer than an hour.EDIT : After contacting Kyjen and showing them the photos of my dog 's quick destruction of their ` durable ' toy , I got a concerned email on the next business day with the recommendation of their Hard Boiled Softies line . My dog has had the ` bee ' HBS for 3 days now , and the worst she 's done is tear the ` wings ' off . Certainly a better fit for my cuddly hellhound . Excellent customer service , and a good product , when the appropriate product/pet match is made . : -RRB- SO , while the firehose toy is not as durable as I 'd hoped , Kyjen was really responsive , gracious , and suggested a way better match -LRB- the hard boiled softies -RRB- . See my review of the , more appropriate , replacement toy here -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this toy because it is said to be tough and durable . My Shep got it at 11 am , along with a knotted rawhide bone , a Kong wubba and an unstuffed animal toy . By 7pm , when I noticed it , there was a large hole in one end . It did n't cost much , but based on the advertising I believed it would last for more than one day . Waste of money . The kong thing with the handle through the middle is fairing much better . Rawhide bone is also gone , but that is to be expected .
 We thought that since this product was made out of canvas fire hose material , it would be tough and durable . Not so -- our 2 dachshunds managed to rip off an edge on each of their separate toys within minutes of play , rendering their toys useless . The squeaker on one never really worked , and the other stopped working almost immediately . So we might as well have thrown the money for these 2 toys in the trash , since the toys went there in less than a day 's time .
 To a human , this appears to be indestructible , but not to my Wheaten puppy . He was able to bite through both black ends and hose underneath with ease . Oh well .
 My 8 lb . Chi chewed the ends off of this in 10 minutes . the `` fire hose '' part might hold up but the binding on the ends is crap . I keep trimming off the threads , but I should just throw it away .
 our dog got this and went chewing right at the black stitching and got it ripped open in 10 minutes . . we took it away ... gave it to her again a few days later she went right after the black stitching on the other side in 10 minutes . . she is 85 lb 2 year old lab ... what can we say . . she is too hard core for this `` hard core '' toy ... it is OK but did not last nor was strong enough to be worth buying again ... do not be fooled by claims of `` indestructible '' or `` chew proof ''
 I Have a dachshund , hes only 9monts old and this lasted him about 3 hours before he had it ripped open at the seems . He is a very heavy chewer . It did last him longer than most but like all others this two failed . This is not a good toy for any type of heavy chewer .
 my rottie chewed it open in about 20 minutes and that makes it not useful for me - i need tuff dog toys
 He 'd lose interest in it and it would lay around . Then he 'd pick it up and chew on it , knowing it was his and his alone -LRB- the other 3 are n't interested in these things -RRB- . Fortunately , one of the squeakers did n't work and the other was not easy for him to squeak , so his attention would wander . Then a visitor came for a few hours , and happened to find it so he had to show it off . Then he had to chew it for real , and it lasted maybe an hour , with fluff and canvas all over . So do n't think this is a HARD CORE toy !
 I purchased this product for my one year old Border Collie . He is a hard chewer so he needs a high quality toy . I had high hopes for this product as I had used similar products for clients as a Veterinary Technician . However , this product did not even last 24hrs . My dog had chewed both ends off and pulled the inside out . I had shredded bits of fire hose all over the house . If you have a hard chewing dog this WILL NOT hold up for long .
 I ordered this for my 1 year old puppy ... he is a pretty hard chewer . So when the packaging said for tough and hard chewers I was all about it . Unfortunately , the product lasted maybe three hours before it was completely ripped apart .
 Less than 20 minutes for my dog to rip into it . I 've bought several other toys for her that have lasted much longer .
 Received this product at 4:30 in the afternoon and gave it to my 7-month old Jack Russell , Whippet mix . By the time my wife arrived home an hour later , the dog had already chewed through the black fabric on the top and bottom of the hose and the toy had to be thrown away . Granted , it lasted a lot long than some of the other toys I 've brought home , but this is definitely not a toy a toy you should buy if your dog is like mine and somehow manages to chew the tops off of Nylabones .
 I have been looking for a tough toy for my 10 month old 65 lb Ridgeback . This toy seemed like a good idea but it lasted about 2 hours before all the stuffing was torn out of it . Stitching at the ends was fine , she just tore right through the fire hose . I thought maybe I had a bad one but after reading other review it looks like this toy , despite being called `` hard core '' , should only be bought for smaller dogs that dot like to chew through things . Next
 After tearing through every stuffed toy we bought our 5 month old Goldendoodle we were drawn in by the Hard Core aspect of the fire hose . Within 15 minutes she had already ripped open the top and the stuffing was coming out.Absolute rip off , save your money and buy a Kong instead .
 The Squeak 'N Fetch Hard Core Fire Hose toy never did squeak ! It came with tennis balls inside rather than squeakers . This toy lasted all of 10 minutes with my 8 month old lab pup . She immediately went for the stretchy handle and kept deconstructing the toy from there . The photo did not show a handle and I would not have bought it with such a tempting attachment . When she got the first tennis ball out I could smell it from across the room . It smelled absolutely toxic . I immediately took the tennis ball away and threw it in the outside trash - yes , it smelled that bad . Within moments she had the second tennis ball out and it joined it 's partner . I have been picking up the red shreds left over from this toy and wishing I had n't spent the $ 7.00 on it . I also bought 2 Fire Hose Flyers because we also have an adult Lab . Well , I have put those away for when little Luna grows out of this chewing phase . -LRB- do n't laugh , I am REALLY hoping -RRB-
 The red portion of this product IS pretty tough , however , my boxer pup went right for the ends and started gnawing away at the black seems . Within 40 minutes the corner was frayed and I had to remove the plastic squeaker from the toy . I 'm glad I paid attention and did n't assume that the toy was stronger than it was , as my dog could have EASILY swallowed and choked on the plastic.With a name like `` Hard Core Fire Hose toy '' , I thought that I was getting a TOUGH and lasting toy . I was wrong.I do agree with a previous commentor who said this makes a great ` fetch ' toy . As long as you keep taking it away from your dog and making a game out of it , it should last for a long , long time.Tony , Allentown , PA
 We purchased this item for our 10 pound dog . He had it tore open in 5 min .
 I have a German Shepherd and he tore through this supposedly tough toy in 20 minutes . He had the guts all over the floor . What a waist of money . Do n't waist your money . Buy a Kong Toy instaed they will last forever .
 Our lab/Australian shepherd mix is a very tough chewer . I thought , being made of fire hose , this toy would last awhile . She had a corner chewed off and the squeaker out in less than a half hour . Do n't waste your money if you think this will hold up to a tough chewer !
 Well , just received this today and gave it to my 10 month old golden retriever . He chewed off a hole on the bottom within 5 minutes ! Complete waste of money !
 I 've yet to find a soft dog toy that my Springer Spaniel wo n't destroy . I bought a few of these hoping they would work . My dog did love them , but he had the first one shredded within minutes of me giving it to him . It 's not like I have some supper dog - he 's only 45 pounds , but he had no problem chewing right through them.If you 're dog is n't a big chewer then these would be a good toy , but if he chews through everything you 've given him - this will be no different .
 I purchased this as a present for my friend 's dog -LRB- who is a prodigious destroyer of toys -RRB- in hopes that it would drive my friend nuts with indestructible squeakiness2 drawbacks to the planFirst , the toy is not very squeaky - the squeaker is stuffed in one end mostly under the stitching , so it 's almost impossible for the dog to get it to make noise while playing with itSecond , the toy is pretty far from indestructible - I suppose the double stitched whatever with no exposed something or anothers might have increased its lifetime by a couple hours , but the toy did n't last more than a day or so before the end had been ripped off -LRB- and it started to unravel -RRB- - see the customer picture with the well-manicured hand holding it for an example
 You call this toy tough ? My puppy destroyed this in about an hour . Our quest for the indestructable dog toy continues .
 We bought this for our dachshund thinking it would last being made of firehose . Our dog had it destroyed in less than a day . We were disappointed to say the least .
 My 47 pound Springer Spaniel had this apart in under 10 min . I would not recommend it for any aggressive chewers .
 They can not market this piece of * $ # @ for aggressive chewers . My dog is a labrador , not even a pitbull , and it disembowelled the `` hard core fire hose '' in about 10 minutes . The nylon comes apart , and the edges do n't hold up . Do n't buy it .
 I purchased this product and it also lasted 10 minutes . My 83lb boxer mix had the end torn off in no time . I would not recommend it for anyone with a dog that 's a tough chewer .
 This item does not have the pull cord . The one shipped to me is just the red hose part . It is durable , but I would have bought a different one because I my dog likes to play tug .
 Do n't waste your money . The main section of this toy -LRB- the firehose -RRB- is okay , the stictching on the ends is pathetic . It only took my lab puppy 1 day to tear into the stiching which ultimatley ended with him tearing into the firehose section by day 2 .
 I bought 2 -LRB- medium and small -RRB- for my 2 dogs -LRB- medium - Irish water spaniel and small - terrier -RRB- . Within 1 1/2 hours , the medium one was totally destroyed and the other one damaged .
 It is an over rated toy . My year old labradoodle shreeded it within two days . Indestructible my a ** . Chew proof , hardly .
 We purchased this toy from Petco believing it would last a long time but this was not the case . After an hour my puppy golden retriever/lab chewed nearly half the toy . I had to remove the filling and plastic stuffing so my puppy would not eat it . I am very unhappy and unimpressed with this company and this toy . After spending nearly twelve dollars on this toy I would expect better quality . I can only say that I WILL NEVER BUY from this company EVER again.I am going to expect a refund for a faulty product that my dog only had a hour of play time with .
 this is too narrow for my dog to use . the steps need to be set in deeper for him to be able to use it . however my cat seems to like them but really has no need for stairs yet .
 This is my first negative review of a product but I felt I should leave a comment . If I could give this cat food 0 stars I would as my cat simply walks away from it . Worse yet , when I leave a plate out at night on the front lawn for the strays simply to get rid of it the food is still there in the morning . I depend on reviews from Amazon and this product was no exception I do n't know what happened but I certainly wo n't be back again .
 these new aquaclear 110 foam appear at least an inch smaller than the chamber dimension . i like most of my Hagen product , but so disappointed with this one . hope they will make the adjustment to the size so they can fit better or i have to look for alternative solution for my filters .
 use white felt from fabric store , put thru wash machine , no soap , then dryer no softener , cut to squares insert into filter where it is the last thing your water goes over or thru before going back into tank . you will be amazed
 In the picture it looks real ... but now that I got it , I see it 's fake like porclin , plastic , or somthin like that ... it was not what I was looking for ! ... our friend has two real rock bowls , one quartz & one rock . . he said he got his from amazon ... so looks like i got ta buy another one & probably more expensive ... lolz ... : -LRB- dissapointed because it didnt describe material made of ... thought it was real ... & shipping was n't the best ... we ended up ordering 3 things from amazon at the same time . . all within USA ... 2 came within week , the rock bowl came in two ... so semi slow shipping ...
 IN THE FIRST WEEK , MY 20-POUND COCKER BROKE IT WITH ONE TUG . THEY WERE HOWEVER VERY RESPONSIVE IN GETTING ME MY REFUND .
 I do n't know if buying the carbon in a one pack is the same as buying it in the 3 pack , but the 3 pack carbon I bought from Aquaclear had an eerie odor when I opened the packages . I would suggest that people buy their own activated carbon in bulk and pack it yourself in these nylon bags that you can buy separately for about three dollars .
 I have a koi pond and I had some plants that I wanted to put in it . I came across the Tetra pond aquaplanters and they looked like they would do a great job for the plants . I did just as the directions said and 2 or 3 days later they were collapsed . The dirt was all in the bottom of my pond and the plants were floating . I would n't waste my money on them .
 I needed an outdoor food storage container for my dog . The first one I received the lid would not fit . It would not snap shut let alone provide an airtight seal as it claimed . I received a second one and at least the lid would snap shut on the front . However , you could see the gaps on the side . I would suggest buying one at a pet store and paying a little more for it to work right .
 This was a disappointing purchase . It claims to be airtight and it is not . The small door snaps shut but that is it . The container lid does not seal and there are gaps between the lid and the container . This is the first Amazon purchased product that I have been disappointed in -- it is not as advertised.The overall size and functionality was exactly what I was looking for but it is pretty useless if it is not air tight . If you do n't care whether your dog food stays fresh or it is not secure from critters then it is a good purchase.Bergan 50-Pound Large Smart Storage , Colors Vary
 I read some other reviews here about the product not sealing , and I had hoped it was just a fluke , but nope , after I poured my bag of food in , we realized the lid did n't close . So not only is 35 lbs of dog food currently going stale , but now I have to take this giant useless and expensive thing to a post office because of the most essential design flaw .
 I 'd been looking for a dog food storage container for quite some time and was very excited when I saw all the good reviews on this one . The product was not quite as I expected , however.I purchased the 50 gallon size of this container , and when it arrived I could not even get it to close - at all . The plastic was warped so much that the edges just would n't fit together . It also seemed very light-weight and flimsy . I was expecting it to be more like a heavy-duty , Rubbermaid outdoor trashcan , but instead it was thin and light with a `` dollar store '' type of look to it . The only reason I did not return it was because it was delivered in a HUGE box and I have no car . Getting it to the post office would have been an ordeal for me.After deciding to keep this product and work with it , I was able to `` train '' the plastic to close by stacking heavy books on it and using a hair dryer to warp it back into shape . It closes fine now , but it 's still not the product I was hoping for . Even the little flap that opens on the top is difficult to work with . I find myself trying to close it multiple times before finally hearing it snap into place.My over all conclusion is that this product was a GREAT idea , but was n't made as well as it could have been . I would love to own a better-made version of this product , but this version leaves me feeling irritated .
 This container looks good but I did not receive the product in good condition . It seems that due to the packaging the container bent and it does n't close . Very disappointed as I was looking to store the dog food that I ordered alongwith this container in it and now I am stuck with a huge bag of dog food that will probably go bad .
 when the storage container arrived the smaller lid was broken and it only grips on one side . I still use it though , but it 's tough getting the food out of the bottom when it runs low due to the crevices on the sides
 the container looks very nice but the big lid just would not click and close , i had to return it .
 I 'm not pleased with this order at all . The lid doesnt even close ! There is a seal on the lid which would be ideal if it actually shut properly , but it does not . I have reordered and hope this is just a faulty item , we shall see .
 I really liked this container that I used for dog food , the size and shape of the box is perfect and thought the little door was very handy to reach for the food , that is until one of the two small plastic thingy that hold the small blue door together broke . Now I 'm really disappointed as the box do n't really close anymore . I suppose the small door is not made for open and close a couple time the day -LRB- hungry dog -RRB- . Too bad as I even liked its color !
 I bought 2 of these to keep my dogs from getting into their bags of dog food . Even when I put a lock on the top of the door , my dogs had no problem pulling this open to eat out of it . All sides opened with just one tug of the paw , except the side with the lock on it.I hate to waste anything , so I decided to store my cat food in it . My cats had no problem opening the door either . Within an hour of putting the cat food inside , I found my 2 cats happily munching out of the container with the door hanging from the locked side.I believe the problem is that the `` hinge '' side just has nubs for the door to hook on . It is n't secure at all . So I drilled and added a nut and bolt to each of the nubs locations . In addition I still put a lock on the top of the door.This almost worked . Now the dogs and cats can only open it a few inches . So I now lock it and turn it against a wall every time I feed them . Between the two bins that is 5X a day!If you want a locking pet food container , look elsewhere and avoid this frustration !!!
 This brand is cheaply made and not at all like the Blitz version I had originally bought . I ordered more to store all my dog supplies and was very disappointed . These are useless unless your only going to store something lightweight like a few towels or something . I ordered a `` Blitz '' brand from Ace Hardware and I so hope it is of the same quality as the ones I ordered in the past . If so , then I will buy more of them ... otherwise forget the stacking convenience . It will not store dog food stacked - the bottom bows out and the spots where it is suppose to line up when stacking is a joke . Not worth the money !
 My 2 weimaraners and 2 labradors discovered they could easily remove the door from the feeder . They all had a feast . They are prone to bloat , and eating mass amounts of food can kill them . I had a lock on the door of the food bin , however the hinges come off very easily for them . This food bin could have been fatal to any or all of the dogs . It looked like a good product , however , if your dog is curious , and a good eater , it could be fatal .
 The picture clearly shows a two-tier product . What arrived was just one box . However , it is of flimsy construction and I seriously doubt it could withstand stacking . Also , there is no way this thing could hold 100 pounds . I got mine for my dogs , but Ive been slinging feed bags my whole life . You 'd be hard pressed to fit one bag of cattle/horse feed .
 I received it in the mail but it was in no box ... it was literally the bag of the special rocks . So not only do I not know if it is actually the Aquaclear brand and the Ammonia Remover but its very sketchy . Why would n't it come with the actual box like it advertises ? I guess I will try it out ...
 I have used this container for a couple of years . It definitely makes it easy to pour food into bowls . As another reviewer said , filling the container is a little awkward , because the handle will not stay closed without any food in the dispenser . This container is NOT air tight , so expect bugs !
 Great idea for storage however the handle that allows the food to come out is very poorly made . Does not stay in the closed position after use . This , I would think , would be a very simple thing to check prior to packaging . Will be sending it back .
 VERY DISAPPOINTED ... We had one of these dog food bins about 10 years ago -LRB- same manufacturer -RRB- and it was great . . they have obviously cheapened the entire product , the trap door wo n't stay shut and the dog food falls out the minute you fill it . . we ended up putting a door latch on the trap door to hold it shut because unfortunately we realized that it was a cheap setup AFTER we mounted it to the wall . .
 Sadly , this item did not work out well for me . Perhaps I got the one made on a Friday , when everyone at the factory wanted to go home . The plastic was much thinner than I thought it would be . Still , I mounted it as per directions and hoped for the best . I was using mine for rabbit feed , and had it worked I would have purchased many more for all the other critter feeds I use around the farm , because I really like the idea.It is supposed to hold 40 # of dog food ... I put in half a sack of rabbit feed -LRB- 25 # -RRB- . For a couple days , only the spout was the issue ... as others have mentioned , it functions poorly , is not made well , does not seal correctly and drops/leaks the contents . I put a bucket under it to catch the goodies after use . After that I noticed that it was n't seated correctly on the wall , and upon investigation saw that the plastic had actually torn around the mounting areas and the container was falling off the wall . I suspect that 40 # of dog food would have pulled it right off the wall immediately . At least I got a couple of days out of it ... but definitely not worth the price or effort of installing it . I thought about mounting a piece of 1x2 inside to help hold it to the wall , and had there been no issues with the spout and usage ... I would have but it just did not seem worth the extra effort .
 Well , This product did not work.Here is the scoop . My cats are messy . When they eat , they get their food all over the place ... including the moat that goes all the way around the food bowl . Once food enters the moat water , the food begins to dissolve , and releases the oils contained within . When the oil hits the water , it has a tendency to rise to the surface . If enough granules of food in in the water , there will be enough oil released to create enough surface tension , that the ants can literally walk on the surface of the oils , and reach the food . In my case ... lines of them.What I am doing to help prevent this . First off , I do n't use this bowl for water . Strictly food . I found a plastic food container that would fit into the bowl . By the way the bowls on this product are fair size ... that is why I gave 2 stars . I fill the plastic container full of their kitty food , and place it in the bowl . I then fill the cat bowl with the plastic container up with water . That is stopping the ants , but it does have to be dumped daily .
 I bought this for my outdoor semi-feral cat . It is super wide and deep , not good for small dogs or cats . I modified it the best I could for smaller dishes to fit inside , but it is not easy to work with being so deep . The moat is very deep and wide so food gets dropped in it all the time which causes a mess , odor and bacterial issues . I have also noticed that this bowl creates a `` shelter '' of sorts for crickets and other critters to live underneath it . It does keep the ants out , but could be so much better . The open moat design causes a lot of problems . This would be okay for a large pet that does n't make a mess when eating -- sticks their head in and does n't come back out until they are done . Shopping for a different design , wo n't be using this one anymore .
 I was planning on using this for my cat . The one I received was huge , only suitable for a medium sized to large dog . I 'm pretty sure I ordered one that said it was for cats so I do n't know why I got the dog sized one .
 I read other reviews and they said the dish is large . I should have paid real attention . This dish is good if your cat is a Mountain Lion . It is VERY misleading to have it come up in a Search for Cat items . I am really disappointed because in the appropriate size it would have really filled an important need .
 I should have listened to another reviewer who stated that it was big enough for a mountain lion ! Even with putting their regular bowls inside like another reviewe suggested , it was still way too big . I WOULD though recommend it for a large dog . :-RRB- I did end up returning it and was very pleased with amazon returns . I was able to print out a label from their website and successfully return the product with no hassle . I love shopping with amazon !
 Theoretically , the moat should keep ants away . However , I was suprised to see lines of ants in the food all the time . Turns out that little bits of dust , dirt , grass , etc quickly accumulate in the water creating a bridge that the ants walk across on.The only way I 've found this bowl to work is by constntly cleaning out the bowl - about every 2 days , which totally defeats the purpose of having bought it . Looks like the moat idea just was n't the solution . Anta are VERY determined creatures !
 this bowl is way too big for cats or kittens to be able to access the food . Should be called a DOG dish , not a pet dish .
 This ammonia remover was useless , I did n't see any changes plus it made my water cloudy . I prefer the activated carbon over this .
 My cats have been using the Turbo Scratcher for years . The pads used to be high quality and very durable . Unfortunately the pads are now very poor quality and fall apart within a matter of a couple of weeks . The entire middle section of the pad is easily pulled out when the cat is using it and the entire pad totally unravels.With the cost of replacing the pads that fall apart so quickly and easily the turbo scratcher is not the most efficient scratcher option ... it can get pretty expensive over time .
 the picture shown for the product does n't represent what you will get . I ordered a two pack of these and only got one . Will never order anything else from the company that makes these .
 So , it says that it comes in a pack of two , but mine only came with one . The product itself is really great -LRB- very sturdy and my cat loves it ! -RRB- . So , if you 're thinking you 'll get two , you probably wo n't .
 Just received the package and was surprised to find only 2 pads . The product illustration clearly shows FOUR pads , and the written description refers to it being a `` 2 pack '' with `` 2 pads per package '' . A blatant ripoff ... I 'm surprised at you , Amazon !
 I 'm disappointed in the quality of these scratch pads , as well as the way they were represented . Not having purchased this brand before , I did n't realize the picture is actually showing four pads , sandwiched together in groups of two , making them look far sturdier than they are.The reality is that they are extremely thin -- the thickness of each pad is conveniently omitted from the product description . They measure just over .75 '' thick , something I only realized after receiving them.If you 're buying them for use in a plastic frame , sold separately , this probably wo n't be a problem for you . If , like me , you intended to buy them for stand-alone use , they are flimsy compared to other brands.I have a holiday-themed round scratch pad from last December , designed to look like a peppermint , which requires no frame . It 's more than double the thickness of one of these pads , and my cats have only just worn through it , after nine months of daily use .
 I bought this toy more than two years ago adn it 's still in pristine condition . Neither of my two cats shows the least interest in it .
 The picture shown is in correct . Two pads are supplied , however , they are only 1 '' thick . The picture shows two pads that are twice as thick . It appears that the picture was taken of four pads . I will not order again from this supplier .
 Really surprised at the too high price for these at Amazon - should be about half this price . Shop around and you can get them cheaper.And I am a daily & long-term Amazon shopper ...
 The seller notified me that although my two orders were dispatched , they appear to have gone missing in transit . Initially the seller said that replacements would be mailed . Later I was informed by email that the seller is having problems obtaining the items . I was given a refund for both.A disappointing experience , but seller acted promptly . The replacement pads were intended for my cats ' Bergan Turbo Scratcher , the Bergan Turbo Scratcher toy was ordered by me , on behalf of a friend and was to be shipped to my friend 's address . She wanted one when I told her that my cats really like theirs and use it every day.My choice of 1 star ' I hate it ' was not really a choice , but no other possibility is given . I mean , one can not hate an object that never arrived ! So , for anyone who is interested in this toy
 If I could select ZERO stars for a rating , I would !!! The MERRICK product is excellent -- it is the VENDOR that stinks ! -- If you look at the same product sold here on Amazon from other vendors , the 34 count box sells for less than $ 35.00 and NOT over $ 100.00 . You can even by them one sausage at a time on AZmazon for less than $ 1.25 each so why buy it from THIS vendor for 3 times the price !!! I did just that by mistake thinking it was for FOUR boxes of the 34 count and not ONE . BTW , You can buy ONE of these little suasages for less than $ 2,00 RETAIL at most pet stores.The MERRICK product is GREAT ! This vendor is ripping us off . Be wise -- still buy Merricck products on Amazon but NOT from this vendor . I now have to be bothered with `` fighting '' and being hassled in order to get my money back because this vendor has no return policy . What a surprise !! I am LIVID !!!
 As excited as I was after reading other reviews , this toy disappointed me . It is not one that has caught the cats ' attention at all . We 've had it well over a month and they do n't even `` sniff '' at it . Sorry ...
 Total junk !!! Recorder didnt work from the start . Lucky it held the treat . Not even worth returning . Went in the garbage after it came out of package . Do n't waste your money on this one !!
 I purchased a 50 count of Lamb Chews and only got 1 Lamb Chew in the mail . Upsetting and their only excuse was oops the sale was a mistake , we didnt mean to sell the 50 count at that price .
 My 28 pound dog still pulls me . Any suggestions ??? I have tried stopping every time she pulls and starting again . No results .
 This item is a joke ! The dog came running to see what was going on then barked at it . Tried different placement , adjustments , etc. . Kind feel like someone was laughing at me saying `` sucker '' !
 The pen went together fine with a little assistance and looks nice . HOWEVER , 3 weeks after receiving it , I received a call on my cell phone asking about my experience and asking me to give it a good review . This was very disturbing because I really don &#8217; t like being bothered like this since I am a frequent amazon buyer , plus there is no way they could have my cell number unless amazon gave it to them . Then today , I got an email also asking for a review . So here &#8217; s the review and a warning to anyone else who buys this item .
 I just bought this for my cat , who is about 7 months old , and it 's a great toy ... BUT , 3 times in the past 3 hours , he has got his paw caught on the excess thread around the ball . I ca n't leave him alone with this toy .
 Great idea and seem to work ok for a few seconds - unfortunately these tear too easily and you end up trying just wipe the toothpaste on with your fingers poking through the gloves . The brush part of the fingertip , tears away too easily and also twists around the finger so it is hard to know if you are applying brush area to teeth . Perhaps a less disposable solution . Think I will try the solo rubber fingerbush option instead . Felt like I wasted money on these.As with any dog care process -LRB- i.e. toothbrushing , nail clipping , etc -RRB- it is best to make it a positive experience for the dog by giving treats during the process and not trying to do too much at first . To slowly introduce the brushing , etc using treats and working up to the dog -LRB- while maybe not loving the process -RRB- at least thinking they are going to get something out of it - if nothing else . And perahps do it in stages instead of trying to get it all done at one time . Small , fun , introductions so they do n't develop a fear .
 I ordered three sets of these from EntirelyPets . I even called them to confirm that the $ 2.99 price was in fact for 24 of these and was told YES . When my order arrived , it had only one per set , not 24 . They keep changing their price here from $ 2.99 with $ 5.98 shipping to $ 66.00 with free shipping . It seems like a bait and switch to get more orders because if you look at their reviews , you 'll find that others also purchased these for $ 2.99 for 24 and received only one . I even called to confirm and was told I 'd get what is stated , yet I did n't . When I followed up with them after receiving my order , I was told it was a `` price mistake '' . When a vendor keeps making the same `` pricing mistake '' over and over , you have to start to wonder if it 's a mistake or a bait and switch . The item is fine , but not worth $ 2.99 plus $ 5.98 shipping for ONE , especially when the site specifically states that it is for 24 and even their own customer service stated I would receive 24 per set ordered . I am submitting this review to warn others and to highlight to Amazon what EntirelyPets is doing .
 i ordered 5 sets of 24 moozles and only received 5 moozles . there seems to be a theme here .
 BUYER BEWARE ! I just received this ' 24-Count ' of Moozles , only there was just a single Moozle in the pack . NOT worth the shipping & handling cost .
 I would never recommend this company . The misleading description was just the beginning , when I ordered the moozles for my dogs what came was the smallest I have even received . When I contacted the company they said to return 3 that arrived but there was no way I was going to stand in line during Christmas.I would have ordered from the last company but they were out of stock . This is not the company to buy from , there are others that send you exactly what you order .
 Wish I had read the reviews before I ordered ! The order confirmation read `` Merrick Moozles 24-count '' . Well , I received one moozle ! When I complained they did give me back my money -LRB- or at least promised to do so -RRB- . However the experience leaves a very bad taste in my mouth . I guess I am naive enough to expect honesty in advertising . My bad !
 The company is trying to rip people off . Only one mozzle in the package NOT twenty four as stated . When I contacted the company , they did refused to send me twenty three more moozles or refund my money .
 moo tubes arrived and are very different in size and much smaller than i assumed . the ones at my local pet store are more than double the size for not much more money , so i assumed these were the size of the ones at my expensive local pet store . i was disappointed at their small size and , very unhappy with their varied sizes . some were half the diameter of the one in the picture and with two dogs , if you dont give them equal sized products , one finishes first and then fights with the other for theirs . Consistent size does matter with doggies . these are about three bucks each . Petsmart has ones that are more than double the size right now for 2.50 each on sale and they are only 3.50 each regular price . i wont be buying these again .
 Do not waste your money on this product . The shipping weight is described as 2.5 lbs . That would indicate multiple products . There was only one tube and it was below five inches in length . I checked the weight on a digital scale . It read 0.35 lbs . Most of that weight is packaging . Again , do not waste your money on this product .
 I was n't overly impressed with the flavor of these . I was expecting a delicious beefy snack and it ended up being kind of bland and tough to chew . I might order again just to see if I happened to get a bad one . Would like to see this in spicy buffalo or teriyaki flavors .
 I bought this particular pet door because it was advertised as being good for energy efficiancy . It turns out to be just the opposite . With only a slight breeze , the door flap blows completely open.I spoke to the manufacturer 's customer service . The first woman told me that I had installed the door backwards . She also asked me what metal the door was made of . Why would I know the material and the manufacturer would n't ? After checking the installation manual , she was wrong . The door was installed as correctly as possible . I phoned back and was told that this problem does happen and they were sorry and that there was no solution.So now I have a pet door that lets the weather in and a very expensive ruined door and they are `` sorry '' !
 This plastic abortion does n't even fit together correctly , much less filters an aquarium effectively . The skimmer does little more then makes a bunch of noise while sucking air into the impeller , and disturbing the intake of water ; thus decreasing filtration.Do your fish a favor and just get an emperor biowheel filtration system .
 I thought this product was quite large , it was bigger than my hand though seems soft . Also I know it says colors vary but I thought they would at least be a solid color . I wish they had an option to choose color or even just an option for boy or girl . I have 3 boys and we purchased boy hamsters and we have a BRIGHT pink couch with neon green dots and fuzzy white inside to me it doesnt look like the picture at all , not exactly what we wanted but it will work , it is soft and big enough for both our hamsters easily so ...
 This looks NOTHING like it shows . The sides fall in and looks super cheap . And the color I got was hot pink w lime green dots . WTF ? U are so much better off going to pet co for the same price , you will get a way better bed
 These cups are adorable but they are more like BOWLS . HUGE BOWLS ! My two gerbils decided it was great ... AS A POTTY ! lol ... we had to take it out after they chewed through the metal that keeps it attached to the cage and dump it over and hide under it . Total disaster , but at least the cost was nice .
 I purchased this because my hamster needed a little bed to snuggle in . The picture shows one hamster fitting nicely . It arrived today and it is three times the size and different color than the picture too . I know it says color vary , but pink and lime green with white lining is a far cry from the neutral brown with black lining in the picture . Sooooo disappointed and hoping I can return .
 I ordered this item as a stocking stuffer and it was nothing like the picture . It was pink and much larger than the photo . The photo on the actual product was of 3 hamsters in the bed . I mailed it back immediately -LRB- in the return envelope provided -RRB- and , according to returns , the item was never received so I was charged for an item I did not keep .
 When I saw this on sale , I thought it would be useful and the perfect gift for my hamster . However , there were two major things that made me realize that I wasted my money . First of all the bed is not as small as it may seem on the picture . It was A LOT bigger than necessary . The last reason being the fact that the hamster will not use it as a bed at all . Mine barely went in it . The only time mine used it was when she jumped or fell into it . * Long Story Short
 My hamster that is a teddy bear hamster thought it was a bathroom once he saw it he went pee in it . It was gross , so we put it in the wash a though we would try it on our otherhamster for a bed and I came back from school and she had riped the bed apart ! I was shocked !
 Amazon sent me the wrong item-a cozy cup of which I did n't order instead of the super sleeper so I am quite dis satisfied as I spend a lot with amazon . I can see no way of contacting anyone to remedy the problem either.Unhappy HereThis evening I received an email from amazon giving me shipping and the cost of the item in the form of a gift card credit . Thank you for getting right on this . I appreciate your speedy customer service . I will be shopping with you againDavid
 Looking at the item pictured you 'd assume `` colors may vary '' would mean that within the pattern shown - you may receive one that would be one of the general colors in this pattern . Since it was red - I felt it was a neutral color and ordered one for my son - They sent me one that was PINK with lime green polka dots ... not even REMOTELY close to the item that was pictured - not even near the pattern pictured.After I spent 20 minutes trying to figure out how to call Amazon -LRB- or have them call me -RRB- the VERY HELPFUL customer service rep and I both determined that even if I `` exchange '' the pink item - since `` colors may vary '' there was really no guarantee that I wouldnt be sent ANOTHER pink one.We just said forget the whole thing ... I 'll just drive to petco and buy one in the right color .
 When i got it and put it together , it looked awesome . . but when i started running it , it started leakin where the motor is connected to the container . it sucks . . so i had to grab the whole thing and drag it to the sink so i dont mess up the wood floor . i used plumber 's tape around where the O-ring is and it quit leakin . . the filter part of it works great . . the skimmer ? not so much . . blows so much bubbles but doesnt make any skim ... overall , its just a filter .
 We have a toy poodle that continually scratches . We have tried everything on the market including prescription medication from the vet and nothing works . Sadly this product did n't work either .
 I purchased this in hopes of curbing one of my cats ' IBS issues . Unfortunately this product gave my cat a reaction ; violent vomiting after eating it . In fact , my poor cat was trying to run away from himself while vomiting , he was so scared!I measured everything correctly and after mixing it in with his food is when he had the reaction . I wo n't be purchasing this again and I 've since thrown it away . I now use Purina 's FortiFlora and am very satisfied with the results.Just a quick note , they only give the measurement per cup of food , they do n't give any sort of variation for smaller servings .
 My dog HATES this , wo n't even touch it ... not palatable , VERY sticky ... . he loves the other nutrical supplement and I thought I was doing more good for him getting the senior supplement but no . Totally different . I am VERY disappointed .
 Poor quality , very disappointing . it fell apart when I pulled it out of the box . Go with ChuckIt indoor ball instead .
 UPDATE
 My six pound little Pomeranian was able to pull the stitching apart on this ball within a matter of 5 minutes . When my wife sewed the ball back together , my Pomeranian was able to pull apart stitching from another section of the ball . Ball is not made for dogs . I was very disappointed in the quality of this product .
 Beware
 I was disappointed to find that this ornament was in fact boring . After finally burying the rather large clear plastic base under the gravel the only part to move in the whole thing was the bottle . That would go up , stay up and then eventually come down again . Not the most fun ever.The skull or the other limbs could have been movable making the ornament much more fun.overall ; put an ice cube in your aquarium - much more fun !
 This thing is a joke . It 's barely tall enough for the cat to get into it . Would you want to have to sit under a contraption that looks like a 1800 's Conestoga wagon when YOU use the bathroom ? Your cat wo n't either . It 's bad enough when you try to change the cat 's litterbox . But you 're asking for trouble putting this poorly designed contraption on it . What 's even worse it trying to wrestle with removing and reinstalling it should you need to do anything to the box . It 's bad enough the top half of the `` Mega Elite '' does n't firmly attach to the base . But the little poles on this cover tend to get stuck in their mounting holes and pull up the base when you try to remove the cover . So then you 're faced with the hassle of putting the top back into place before you can reinstall the cover.Basically it seems like a good idea but in practical it 's a huge pain in the , well ... just avoid it .
 This piece of junk broke before I even had a chance to use it . It 's flimsy and not worth the money . The litterbox is not cheap , I dont understand why they would build this thing so cheaply . Waste of money .
 It came missing a part but we were able to use a coat hanger instead . Then my cats tried to sit on top of it and broke it . I would recommend hard tops and not cloth . It did n't last 24 hours .
 We have had our issues with the Littermaid in general but the Kabana is a waste of money . We have had two tents for the same litter box and with both the seam winded up coming apart . The first time I was able to sew it back up even though it looked horrible and the second one came apart in less than two weeks after we set it up -LRB- which was just recently , like less than two months ago -RRB- . I know our cat -LRB- s -RRB- leaning on the kabana is what is causing it to rip but if it is a product used by cats it should be durable enough to withstand a little bit of handling . We had no trouble installing it and the pvc pipes held up just fine as well , though that seems to be what a lot of other reviewers had trouble with . I would n't recommend this product , it is just not worth it .
 This product is definitely NOT worth the money I spent for it . The concept is great , however , the tent does not stay up . The least little pressure against it and it pops out of the holes and collapses . There should be a better way to attach this product .
 I got this tent to replace the tent that came with my Littermaid Elite Mega box . My old tent featured a metal frame and a high arch , enough for my 16 pound cat to enter and exit without feeling claustrophobic . This tent was fraught with problems.First , the tent was missing two key parts - the `` C '' straight tubes . I went to the Littermaid website suggested in the packaging and found they wanted me to spend upwards of $ 12 for the tubes including shipping . I called them to complain and they decided to send them to me free of charge . I waited 10 days for the tubes to arrive so I could assemble the tent.After assembly , it became apparent this tent is no where near the quality of my old tent . It is shorter , and the construction is so flimsy that it flops over . If the cat so much as grazes it when she is `` going '' then it will come out of its sockets and fall . I do n't know about yours , but my cat does n't react well to a tent falling on her when she is using the restroom.Another thing - the fabric on this tent started to tear the day after I assembled it . The threads were coming loose.I ca n't recommend this thing to anybody . I threw mine in the trash can and resorted to finding a way to clean my old tent , which has held up for a couple of years . Save your money and time , or if you are lucky , try and find one of the older tents which is sturdy and substantial .
 It is really short , flimsy and cheaply made . I have a ragdoll cat and he hated it . He barely fit under it . I guess if you have a really small cat it would be ok . But I do n't recommend it at all .
 This clipper was not suitable for my long-haired Dachshund . It pulled and did not come close to doing a good job .
 I purchased these clippers approx 2 years ago . They are excellent clippers i.t.o ergonomics , cutting performance - the stainless blades work great and the clipper is relatively quiet . The clipper does not overheat . My concern is the poor battery life - mine is now dead after 2 years and I have to buy new clippers . I would have given these clippers a 5 star if I reviewed it a month after purchase , but 2 years from now they are useless . No , the plug in feature does not work - you can not run on AC power only if the battery is dead . The AC only works with the battery somewhat charged .
 I bought these because the reviews at the time were good for these clippers . They are not good at all ! I have a Westie and I do not let her hair get too long . These clippers could n't handle just the little bit of hair I was trying to trim . The blades on the clippers seem as though they may be very dull from the start . DO NOT BUY !!!
 My clippers only lasted 3 times , less than one summer . I tried to contact Wahl 's but they wo n't return my email . What a waste of money . I charged the clippers and they do n't work . If I kept it plugged in they work . But the cord is too short . So , I 'm out of clippers back to scissors .
 When I read reviews that these clippers were powerful enough for a smooth cut , I was excited to try them out . If you 're looking to cut a more hair-like coat , I suggest you look elsewhere.I purchased this for my Lhasa mutt who gets clipped short . This thing would pull on his hair and just clip some of the hair that comes through the comb . What results is an uneven coat of patchy looking hair . Even with no attachment any amount of hair would make the motor work and not perform up to par.Also the short little tips of hair that did get clipped would collect at the base of the blades and build up , causing even worse performance . I had to keep clearing the blades of hair after just a few strokes.Needless to say , these are getting shipped right back to the warehouse .
 Product Details or full specifications should indicate the voltage rating of the battery charger.Supplying a 120 Volt charger to Australia is useless . Aussie buyers beware .
 Super disappointed with this product . It hurts my hand to hold the clipper because it vibrates so much . My concern is that if it hurts when it 's holding against my hand , how much does it hurt my dog when I trim him . The motor is loud and noisy that scares my 5 year old maltese who usually does n't have problem with me trimming him with my previous clipper . DEFINITELY WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN .
 These shears are totally overpriced for their performance . I bought these on sale at $ 55 and would never pay the msrp at $ 70 . They made my shih tzu 's fine hair look like I cut it with my eyes closed - completely chewed it up and made it uneven , and this was just a trim . They also got hot very fast , and clogged up with fur immediately . Spend the extra $ 20 and get something that actually cuts hair .
 I was very happy with the quitenes of this clipper but the battery life is too short . I can only use it for 10 min after 24 hr recharging period .
 i bought these clippers for my first shih tzu and they worked fine , however when i had my second shih tzu , with a thicker coat they would not work . i sent the blades off to the manufacture to be sharpened . however even after being sharpened they still would not cut her hair . i woud not recommend at all .
 The first time I used this clipper , I was very impressed that it runs quietly and really cuts easily through thick hair of my dog ... but after the first time I used it ... I was n't able to use it again ! After charging it for many hours ... it ran for only for 3 minutes ... then on my 3rd use , I was n't even able to use it for a minute !! Yes , this clipper has a very poor battery life . Do n't waste your money on this . Now I ca n't even use it and it turns off in 5 seconds . . Such a waste ...
 I 've had issues with this clipper since I bought it . This is the same one that horse supply catalogs offer.The battery only lasts one muzzle and a maximum of four fetlocks before it dies . You ca n't run it off of the power cord , you have to recharge it a minimum of 24 hrs before each use which is a MASSIVE pain , especially right before a show . Clippers are supposed to be convenient , not something I need to plan for!It never held charge for very long but now it only lasts one minute before dying . I 've kept it immaculately clean with oiling , cleaning , etc. between uses.Wahl 's white case clippers have traditionally been refurbishments - that should tell you something about how reliable they are - they 've made an entire product line out of bad products!Save your money and do n't buy this thing .
 it does spin easily and one of the cats liked it but it is small and lightweight that when he gets his paw in there the whole toy moves along the floor.also the squeek does not work
 We looked all over for a replacement dog throw like the one we bought from Costco years and years ago -LRB- still in use BTW -RRB- . This at least looked like it so we gave it a shot . While it is larger than the one from Costco , it in no way compares . After one wash it began to fray and fall apart . We have it this now for less than 2 months and it is only weeks away from the dumpster . Of note , we do have an Aussie puppy and she does tend to chew , however , the majority of the issues appear to have been caused by one cycle in the washer . It does not hold up at all . Keep looking and if you find something , let me know too . Thx .
 These blankets are rather industrial looking , but I knew they would be . On a positive note - my dogs like them and the colors are acceptable . I bought them because I have been looking for couch protectors for a long time , and most that are made specifically for dogs are very expensive.What I ca n't stand is that these blankets are made in China -LRB- not mentioned anywhere in the description -RRB- and they are disintegrating in the wash . I 've washed them multiple times , and each time there are wads of very fine fabric dust all over the dryer walls . I have to wipe out my dryer with damp paper towels each time I wash one of these . Makes me wonder what type of toxic dust is being emitted every time you touch one of these . I am going to dispose of them and buy a couple of the expensive throws made in the U.S.
 By the image you would imagine the possibility of getting a somewhat attractive blanket . Do n't count on it . I 'm glad I only ordered one because it is pretty ugly . Probably will last a long time for a pet blanket , but I was hoping for something attractive enough to throw on a sofa . Not so much . The one I got is dark brown on one side and pieced together 3/4 brown and 1/4 pale blue on the other with rather an ugly seam and a bright electric blue trim . I will keep it as it 's too heavy to send cheaply . Live and learn ...
 I have two cats that I needed to have ample food supply while I was out of town for two days . I purchased this feeder in the petite size and knew it would hold six pounds . Normal bags of cat food are about that size . However , I did not realize how large the hole would be that the food dispensed from . -LRB- You really ca n't tell from the online photo . -RRB- I also thought the top part would fit tighter to keep the food fresh . The top of mine will fly off at the slightest touch . Just filling the bottom of the gray tray is enough food for my cats for several days . That is what I did then I threw it away . I did n't think it would keep the food fresh as much air as can get into this.Now for the quality . I found the clear plastic very thin and did not sit properly in the bowl and as I stated the top lid was just sitting on top . My fifteen pound cat could easily knock the entire thing over . Perhaps mine was a lemon or something but I can not see this being worth the $ 18 price . It looks like something from the dollar store .
 Does n't fill up very nice with my cat food I feed nutro natural choice it is not a large cat food but it does n't fill up very well I am going to try and modify it
 lid or container is not a tight , secure fit.sorta flimsy and rather large for a cat or two ... I like the size b/c i have four cats
 My prior review said I would order from this company again . NOT SO - just opened box to give to the person I purchased this for and find the Feeder is MISSING THE TOP LID.I carefully examined the shipping box and the mile-long length of scrunched up brown paper used as a cushioning agent - NO LID.There is no way to protect the dry food contents from either the weather or animals trying to eat from the top instead of the bowl . VERY CARELESS SHIPPER QUALITY CONTROL.Amazon web site is not user friendly and there seems to be no way to file a complaint or request the missing piece other than a `` return '' or even to contact company once the order was shipped . So $ 16.42 down the drain and no useable feeder . BEWARE products from MMP LLC company . I will try to buy from a different company or perhaps locally .
 Perhaps other people are satisfied with this , but my dog seems to get sick when I administer it ! So I guess that I will not order it again !
 This product did not work . It 's expensive . I contains antibiotic . I 'm still looking for something that works , but I 've concluded that Tylosin antibiotic is NOT the answer .
 We bought this product and found it did not agree with Charley . He became listless and it aooeared it did not agree with him . We took him off of the Angel Tears within 4 days . AFTER A WEEK he became his old self . My question is what do we do with the unused portion , do we get a refund ?
 When I put this on my dog 's food , he would n't eat it ; consequently , I do n't use it .
 I ca n't really testify as to whether this product works or not , but judging by others reactions it appears to . However , our English Bulldog , who is generally not picky at all , will not eat the stuff . We 've tried multiple ways of giving it to him , but each time he refuses to eat.Eventually we have gotten him to eat it , however I 've noticed that he has gotten sick several times subsequent to eating the product . Again while it may work , beware that it does not agree with all dogs tastes or digestive systems . Needless to say we are disappointed .
 My dog would n't touch food that had the Angel Eyes sprinkled on it , despite trying to disguise it in even his favorite food . A waste of money as I will never learn if Angel Eyes really does want it claims .
 I think if you look closely , Angel Eyes is just Tylan 40 , which you can buy here on Amazon for much less . Tylan is a drug used widely in swine and poultry industries . It has been around a long time and is very safe .
 I will never purchase ` Angel Eyes ' again . This product made our dog sick . She had cramping and diarrhea for days after only two doses . I would rather put up with the discoloration of her fur than seeing her suffer like she did . If I had known this side effect was probable I would n't have purchased this product . I would have selected zero stars , but I had to select one star in order to submit this review . As far as I 'm concerned ` Angel Eyes ' does n't deserve any stars .
 Please do yourself , and your pet , a favor and speak with your veterinarian before starting any type of oral medication or supplement . Some of these have been shown to cause kidney and/or liver damage . It is important to know that tear stains , while unsightly , are not harmful to your pet in any way . In fact , simply cleaning the eyes twice a day with warm water is frequently enough to reduce the majority of tear staining problems . If you insist on using an oral supplement , please have your pet 's internal organ functions checked by your vet on a regular basis to ensure his organs are n't being damaged by the medications . Your vanity is n't worth your pet 's life !
 This product contains an antibiotic called Tysolin which weakens a dogs immune system and causes stomach upset in most dogs . Dont let the results fool you . There is a much better product made with all natural ingredients called Naturally Tearfree Canine , which can be bought on amazon .
 I have used Angel Eyes in the past with amazing results . I recently purchased it again from Amazon.com LLC thinking I could trust a product coming from them . But this product was not the same , It did not work and a waste of $ 42 after tax and shipping . The refund date has passed and I am now stuck with an inferior product.Order direct from the manufacturer if you want to be sure you are getting something that REALLY works .
 I purchased this product but waited to ask the vet before opening it . He told me that this is an antibiotic and that is why is so effective , but he told me that there is no creature that can live with an antibiotic for ever ... That the stains are not a health problem , is beauty stuff ... so he accepts its use for show dogs -LRB- just a little while before each presentation -RRB- but not on a daily basis for a pet ... so , I returned it.Please , check this with your own vet .
 These are terrible . I 'm not sure if they work or not , because my dog refused to eat them any which way I served them . Ground , whole , cut up , it did n't matter . They smelled terrible , so I did n't blame her.To solve the problem of her tearing , I just take her to the groomers to get a touch-up on her face between cuts . It helps keep her clean , along with washing her face every few days.I wish I had never gotten these !
 After researching this product online , I cancelled my order . It seems this product contains an antibiotic or something and some people 's dogs were getting sick . I have found that eliminating grains from her diet solved the problem . I give her a dog food called Evo , grain free , small bites , for my six-pound Yorkiepoo . She loves that food and no more eye staining . I would never give her anything harmful and I was afraid that this COSTLY product contains a harfmful ingredient .
 I was extremely disappointed in this product . My dog would n't touch it , and it did n't matter how I served it . I tried to hide it in food or treats without success .
 This item does n't appear to work - we still have to clean the eyes every day .
 While the product works , it contains Tylosin , which is a low grade antibiotic . My dogs developed diarhea after two weeks of treatment . Use caution - consult your veternarian before using this product .
 Using an antibiotic drug for cosmetic purposes on your pet is a very bad idea . It will increase the likelihood that you and your pet will get a resistant infection . Think MRSA.It is also likely illegal because this drug has not been approved for this purpose by the FDA . The only legal use for tylosin in dogs and cats is by injection for treatment of respiratory illness . For that you need to go to a veterinarian .
 Hi , This product contains the antibiotic , Tylosin which is not approved by the FDA for use in dogs . This antibiotic can be liver toxic with long term use and can compromise your dog 's health in other ways as well
 Angel 's Eyes has great results , but I started noticing that my poodle 's fur and skin were drying out . Also , the groomer had pointed this out , plus the groomer noticed that the poodle was developing a couple of sores on her paws . There is an ingredient in Angel 's Eyes that is a natural antibiotic . The more research I did on this ingredient , I realized that it was not good for my poodle . It can cause fungus in the body.I will not use it anymore , since there are side effects.Margot
 Can not say if Angels Eyes works to prevent eye stains . Each time I ` veadded it to the food of my 6 month-old Malta-poo , she 's vomited . Have other people found this to be true ? Are there any ingredients that couldbe harmful ?
 Being that the product is a powder , if your dog does not like the taste of the powder , it ca n't work because they wo n't eat it . That is what has happened with my dog , she liked it at first , but now wo n't touch the food with it on it . A pill form would of been better
 My Dog would n't even try it . I mixed it with food and when he got hungry he ate it and vomited it all up . Be careful giving it to your dog !!!
 Unless you feed your dog canned food , this product is a pain to administer . I put the powder on my dog 's dry food , and after 3 days his white beard had turned completely brown from the powder , and it did not wash out easily . After that I folded it in some cheese , but it 's a ton of powder and this was messy , plus I do n't like giving my little dog that much cheese . Why ca n't it just be a pill?I went on for 3 weeks and saw zero improvement , so I switched to a whitening eye wipe that seems to work better .
 I have spent -LSB- ... -RSB- on this product and it has done absolutely NOTHING to eliminate the tear stains on our Shi-Poo ! She has tolerated it well and enjoys eating it when sprinkled on her food , but it 's a waste of money . Her white face is continually streaked with brownish/reddish streaks . I am SO disappointed !
 I got this for a Maltese and add it to his food as the product suggests . My dog stopped eating for two days , he could not come near his food once this medicine is added to his food . It looks like not all dogs will accept to eat it !!! So i got nothing out of it .
 Although this product was expensive , the reviews were great so we thought we should give it a try . After 3 months I see no improvement at all . Sure , if you cut off the stained hair the new hair is lighter - for awhile - and then the stains come back even while continuing Angel Eyes . I have a 9 month Maltese , and we even took her to the vet to make sure she did n't have an infection or other problem that was causing the problem and he assured us that she did n't . Nope , I would n't waste any more money on this product .
 I started using this product 1 month ago on my Maltese following the product instruction . So far , I can not see the difference on my dog 's tear stain . When I exhausted my supply , I will not buy another bottle again .
 Looking forward to trying out this on my dog but it was confiscated and destroyed by Australian Customs as it contains dried beef and does not pass our quarantine restrictions so if you live o/s check before ordering !
 my dog 's eyes were no better after putting Angel Tears on his food for two weeks .
 Angels ' Eyes for Dogs 240 Gram BottleAfter giving this to my dog for about two weeks , she became very ill and started passing large clots of blood in her stool . We took her to the Vet and since this was the only thing different that she was eating , he asked us to stop and he was going to research the product . After several shots and medication and a huge Vet bill , I would suggest that you check with your own Vet before you start giving this to your dog . We 're still not sure our dog is out of the woods as yet .
 It was a bit pricey for us but we were willing to try it to see if it would help with the discoloration and tearing of our precious Shih Tzu . We began to use the product on him and he dog became very listless and had extremely loose bowel movements . I checked the ingredients list and found it had 100 % beef liver . Our dog is allergic to many things , particularly beef . So , I gave the rest of the product to a friend to use for their dog . Allergies to beef are common and I wish I would have checked the ingredients before I purchased the product .
 This is a waste of money . We have been giving it to our maltese every morning in her food for a month now and it has not done anything for her tear stains . The only active ingredient is 100 % beef liver and beef liver does not remove or prevent tear stains . Save your money .
 It 's ground up liver . After six weeks the color changed , but no better . I heard about and tried Distilled Water . It works , but my dog wo n't drink it . Try that , it only cost a buck a gallon .
 My Boston has stains on his eye . For his weight , I could only give him about two weeks worth of meds in the small container , so there was n't even enough in there to see any results .
 Be aware that the anti biotic in this stuff kills the good bacteria in the dogs system . . While most dogs seem to tolerate it others do not . Ours started having black runny stool after only a few days . It will take away the tear stain !! I have to admit . We have tried several products , the best being Tear Stain Supplement from Petsmart . At only $ 9.00 its a bargin , and only a third the cost of angel eyes .
 Been using it for 2 weeks and have little or no improvement in the under eye stains .
 First bottle did nothing for my dog . I called the company and received another type -LRB- chicken -RRB- one week and a half . We will see how this one goes .
 My maltese puppy is 4.5 month old now -LRB- 4.5 lbs -RRB- and he 's been taking this twice a day for about month and a half now . I do n't really see any improvements yet . At first , I followed the recommended dose -LRB- 1/4 tablespoon daily -RRB- as written on the bottle , but my puppy threw up for two days straight . Since then , i 've been giving him about 1/8 tablespoon daily . . i 'm going to try for another month to see what happens . .
 I just finished the first 120g bottle of Angels ' Eyes . Unfortunately , I did n't see any decrease or color change in the dark circles under my dog 's eyes . I followed the directions carefully . Unless it takes more than one bottle to see some improvement , I can honestly say the product did n't work on my dog . I would not purchase this product again , especially at a whopping $ 31 + .
 Angels eyes made my french bulldog vommit and act sick . I cut the product in half and my dog still vommited ! Now he wont eat any food . THis product made him so sick !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I can not get my two poodles to eat the food that this is put on ... they will eat around it , push it off and just walk away ... so I guess I ca n't say it work or not ...
 My dog refused to eat his food with Angels ' Eyes on it . Now , that he 's old enough to be groomed regularly , we wo n't need it . I wasted my money buying it .
 Purchesed angel eyes in feb 2011 I should have known that something was wrong because the price was a fraction of what it normally cost . The product was used over half of the bottle it was the powder form however it smelled like fish food and was n't the normal texture so I did n't give to my dog.I will go to pets mart and pay full price for a sealed bottle however we are military and one hour from the nearest petsmart so maybe my issue is with the seller and not the actual company angel eyes is a good product so this was definately the seller
 I would strongly recommend that you talk to your vet before you start using the product . I have a 4 month pom-a-poo that had tear stains . I decided to try this product . I gave him the smallest dose listed . Two days after I started using it he developed `` cherry eye '' . When I took him to the vet she showed me that He had it in both eyes and he would need surgery to fix it . She then told me that he had very dry eyes . I told her about the Angel eyes and she said that is what dried his eyes out . I feel horrible that my vanity to stop the tear stains caused my poor puppy to have surgery . Lucky the surgery was easy and fast and he is all better but I will not give my dog anything that is not vet recommended again .
 It seems ashame to dose pets with an unknown amount of an antibiotic . This helps develope antibiotic resistant organisms . I do n't know if it works or not . My vet 's advice was '' accept it as part of your pet . I f you are not going to show , just get used to it . keep her eyes clean and the hair around the eyes short to cut down on fungus and skin irritation cause by constant damp hair.Yes , I think it detracts from their beautiful face , and I color my own hair , but at least it is my choice .
 I have been using the product faithfully with my dog and it has improved very little . I am not sure that I would spend the money again on this product . I have been told by a breeder to use mink oil and proxcide on the fur . I will try this before spending the money again on this product . I was very dissappointed , I will continue to see if it improves . If it does start to work I will write another review.Sadly disappointed
 My dog does n't like the taste of Angel Eyes in his food -LRB- I mix it in -RRB- . He will eat it about 50 % of the time if I do n't use a full dose and if he is really hungry . I would really like to use this product beacause he has really bad tear staining . I believe it works , but I do n't know how to get him to acquire a taste for it .
 This product does work , but it contains Tylosin , which is actually a low grade antibiotic . My dogs developed diarhea after 2 weeks . Consult your veternarian before using this product !
 While the product does work , be aware that Tylosin is actually a low grade antibiotic . After 2 weeks of use , both my Bichons developed diarhea - and that is when I discovered what Tylosin really is . Use of a daily antibiotic can kill the `` good '' intestinal bacteria and cause other problems . If you are planning on using this product , consult your veternarian first and use with caution !
 This incident report is about the Angel 's Eyes powder used on a sixteen -LRB- 160 Pound poodle , 7 Years old . The product was purchased based on advertising and received promptly.When used the first day we noticed our dog could not keep his eyes open because of apparent light sensitivity . This continued until day two or for approximately 30 hours and gradually subsided.When the manufacture was called it was blamed on Liver allergy , which had never surfaced before . It was suggested we take the dog to a vet and he/she determined product sensitivity we could return the product for `` up to 50 % refund . If you are a perspective buyer I am sure you can do the math and understand why we did not follow through . -LRB- After the cost of bringing the dog to the vet and then shipping it would have cost me more -RRB- The bad side - we spent about $ 80.00 on a product that did not work for us . The good side - our dog was/is just fine once the side effect , adverse reaction wore off.Buyers be careful of this productRobert Bulmer / Naples , Florida
 Ladies and gentlemen , PLEASE do n't give this -LRB- and other similar types of products -RRB- to your dogs . The ingredient , tylosin , that it contains is a low-grade antibiotic . This might very possibly cause negative health effects in your dogs in the long -LRB- and possibly even short -RRB- term . Imagine if a human were to take an antibiotic regularly for years ... It probably would n't be so healthy , and it 's the same for your pets . As someone who LOVES their dog to pieces , I 've done a ton of research about tear staining , and I 've come to this conclusion that is echoed by many members of the online blogging/message board community - you must n't treat the symptoms of tear staining -LRB- which is what this product does , basically -RRB- , you must get to the root cause of the problem . Puppies tear stain sometimes due to teething and allergies and such , so do n't worry about puppies too much until they 're a bit older . However , adult dogs can tear stain due to either a problem with their tear ducts , which is MUCH more rare , and mostly due to COMMERICAL dog foods , treats , vitamins , etc. . Here 's my proof
 My vet said he would n't recommend using a product that has an antibiotic as an ingredient . This one does so I wo n't be using it .
 At the suggestion of a friend , I started using Angel 's Eyes for my cream color puppy - the stains under his eye were very , very dark and huge . No one believed he was just a baby becuase those stains made him look old . I knew it would take a few weeks to see an improvement which it did and after about 2-1/2 months , he looked perfect . I decided to switch to the sweet potato - he 's a fussy eater and I have to cover-up the scent with cheese or some other food . He loves sweet potato so I tried it ... nope ! Within two weeks , the stains started to reappear and now , he 's almost back to where he started - huge red stains under both eyes ! I 'm sticking with the regular and/or beef .
 I used an entire bottle of Angel Eyes for my shih-tzu , who had smelly runny eyes for about the last 2 years . I thought the price was ridiculous once I saw the bottles , and the end results were fair , but did not totally eliminate the problem . I started researching more and found out thatApple Cider Vinegar -LRB- Organic -RRB- 32 fl.ozis a natural remedy for this problem . Well , I 've used it successfully for my own allergies and many other ailments , so I decided to try it . After a week of a tablespoon in his water , twice a day , the smelly , runny eyes were clear ! And I noticed that his general allergies and itchiness seemed to clear up ! I had no idea that something I had used for years would work for my dog ! But we 're both grateful that I found out ! : -RRB-
 Tried this flavor verses the original . I have 2 malteses mixs . The origninal works but they do n't like the taste . they like the taste of this but it dose n't work on them .
 Given the main ingredient is liver this manufacturer should provide an estimate of the amount of vitamin A in each serving .
 This product is dangerous to your pet 's liver.Contains Tylosin.If you care about your pet STOP giving this stuff.If you do n't just keep harming .
 I gave my 9 month old Maltese this . He started having really bad diarrhea which turned into violent vomiting . He nearly vomited his entire body size . I had to take him to the emergency room on Super Bowl Sunday . $ 250 dollars and an IV later , my dog was almost back to normal . This stuff is AWFUL !!
 I was not that impressed with this product . First , my dog did not like anything I put it on . So it was very hard for him to consume . Second , I think I could have seen if it worked better if it came in a pill form . he would n't eat it and therefore there was n't much change .
 I had purchase this product for my dog a while ago and it seemed to work on eliminating the tear stains on his white fur . The second and third bottle that I purchased did n't seem to work at all . I am following the directions and I give it to him everyday as instructed . I do n't know if the problem would worse without using this product , but it certainly is n't good with it.The first bottle that I purchased , I purchased directly from the manufacturer 's website and the cost was almost double . Through Amazon , I saved a considerable amount of money , but is n't working . Makes me wonder if it is actually the exact same product that they are providing .
 I 've been using Angel eyes on my Maltese since he was three months old.I used it religiously for six months , but did not notice a significantdifference in his eye discharge or tear staining . Now that he is close to a year old , I am taking him to a canine eye specialist to have histear ducts punctured and irrigated . Hopefully that will work .
 This product says it is suitable for cats . My cat will not touch her food with this on it . The instructions say to put it in water , if they wo n't eat the food ; that does n't work for her either . Apparently it works best for dogs . I received it quickly , and the packaging was fine , I just cant use it ! 12/2008
 This was a pretty big disappointment . It really did n't do anything to help my dog 's eyes and I used the whole thing hoping it would work . Nope !
 It seemed like its was going to do wonderfully at first . After the first day the spots lightened up a bit so I thought it would clear up my dogs eyes really quickly . Bt after several days I did n't notice anymore improvement . Plus my dog did n't always want to eat the food , as if he did n't like the taste ,
 Since our toy poodle is black , the tears do n't stain her fur , but they still make a matted trail on her face . We tried the 30 gram size , giving her the recommended amount of 1/2 teaspoon at each of her twice-daily feedings . We added a little water each time so the powder did n't all fall to the bottom of her dish.We 've used the entire bottle , and I wo n't be buying more .
 I 've been using this product for about 2 mths now ... for a 5 mth old Cavachon . I do n't see any real change in her eyes as yet . Perhaps it is a product that you need to use a while before you see results.In any event , I just repurchased a larger size ... and will continue using it . Hopefully , results will be forthcoming . If not , I will not reorder .
 I 've been using this product for 2 and a half months and I 've noticed absolutely no difference whatsoever . I 've been hanging in there to give it the full 3 months like the directions suggest , but so far there has been nothing , absolutely NO CHANGE in the tearing or the staining . I do n't think I 'll keep buying this product -LRB- wish I 'd saved my money -RRB- , but it does seem to work for other people . Also , my toy poodle is 5 1/2 months old so there could be more tearing because she 's teething , but it should be indicated on the product -LRB- which it is n't -RRB- that teething will hamper the effectiveness of the product , if that is the case here .
 I 've used Angels Eyes on my white Pekingese for three months at considerable cost with no effect whatsoever . Very disappointing . I ordered the 8oz container . I doubt I 'll order any more . My vet was skeptical saying he had n't seen anything that really worked all that well . Godspeed to those of you getting results .
 Although it seemed to work a little I ca n't afford to give him this for more than 2 weeks . It 's very expensive and the bottle is SMALL . His eyes started looking a little better , then I ran out and now they look worse than before . AY YAY YAY.fast shipment ... would work better for a little dog .
 I 'll never know if this would work because my dog -LRB- a terrier mix - probably with chihuahua -RRB- would not eat it - no matter what I mixed it with !
 Does not appear to be working as his stains are quite dominant . I even clean his eyes every night with pads secifically for this . Any advice . Do dogs become immune to it ? I 've been using it fir three years .
 This product does work on most dogs . However , just look at the ingredients list . All it is is powdered liver . The mark up on this stuff is criminal . 240 Grams of Angel Eyes is over fifty dollars , but you can get 12 oz -LRB- 340 grams -RRB- of powdered beef liver , which IS THE EXACT SAME THING , for about twelve dollarsNow Foods Liver Powder , 12-Ounce
 This product did n't work at all . No change and our dog did n't like the taste if it either . So not a good product for us .
 I have used Angel Eyes Tear Stain Remover in the Beef and the Chicken flavor for my Maltese and Coton for years and have had no problem until Amazon ran out of the flavors and only had the sweet potato available . What happened was that the area around their eyes and moves started to turn orange . I find it odd that no one else has written in to report this yet , they could n't have been they only ones effected . They are back on the beef flavored now and they are white and gorgeous again . I had mentioned this to a friend of mine and she remembered that she had gone to school with a that eaten a lot of yams for some odd reason and her skin was a slight orange color . hmmmm .
 This must smell bad to dogs because neither of mine will eat this in or on anything . This was a big waste of money and now I guess my white dogs eyes and my tan ones feet will always be a different color
 When I first purchased this , I saw an improvement in my dog 's eyes , but after a few months , it stopped working .
 I have bought this item several times to give it a chance and it does n't work ! : -LRB-
 I have bought this item several times to give it a chance and it does n't work ! : -LRB-
 I have bought this item several times to give it a chance and it does n't work ! : -LRB-
 I have tried everything to help with the tear stains for my white poodle . So I was anxious to try this after seeing all the reviews . I have completed one 120 gm bottle and there has not been any change in the staining . In addition , my pup HATED the taste of the beef flavor . He has eaten dry food for all his life , but the only way I could get him to eat this was to mix his dry food with a little bit of water . Now that I have finished the bottle and he does n't want to eat his normal dry food , I have to add a water in it.So in the long run ... a big set back for our household .
 I ordered this product to use with my Coton de Tulear after I ran out of the Angel Eyes that does not have the antibiotic added -LRB- yellow label -RRB- . My dog would not eat it . He took one sniff and walked away . In fact , he did not eat for 2 days because of it . Now , in order to get him to eat his food with this product on it , I have to add something like baby food to it . The results to the eye area is pretty good -LRB- not great -RRB- but it is not worth it to go through all the trouble of making him eat . It makes we wonder what it is doing TO him that he will not eat it .
 After I unscrewed the cap , the seal was loose . This causes concern . I have heard of others having the same problem with this product . Any explanation ???
 My dog is not the most eager eater . I got this product because she has tear stains , but she wo n't eat it . I accidentally got a little of the powder on my finger and tasted it . It 's terribly bitter . I can see why she would n't eat it . I even tried mixing it in her wet food , but she will only eat it if she 's ravenous . She looks at me with pleading eyes as though to say , please feed me something that tastes good . I suspect this product works , but it wo n't do any good if I ca n't get it down her . I called the company with a my question and got a recording asking me to leave my name and number and my question . They never returned my call . I 'm not impressed .
 Heard so many positive reviews of using this product to eliminate tear stains that I ordered it right away for our Shitzu/Bischon mix . It may work great -- but we will never know because our dog refused to eat his food with this sprinkled on it . Smells and tastes bitter . Wish this came in a pill you could just give the dog .
 This product contains an antibiotic called Tysolin which weakens a dogs immune system and causes stomach upset in most dogs . Dont let the results fool you . There is a much better product made with all natural ingredients called Naturally Tearfree Canine , which can be bought on amazon .
 The main ingredient in Angel eyes in Tylosin Tartrate which is an antibiotic and is similar to Erthyromycin . It is used for a number of purposes . Depending upon the type of condition and the bacteria , it may be helpful in eliminating several different types of infections , including all of the following : Gastric infectionColitisSurface infectionsEar infectionsIn dogs , tylosin tartrate is most commonly used to treat both gastric infections in general and colitis in particular . Colitis , which is characterized by irritable bowels and a lack of proper consistency in bowel movements , as well as excessive flatulence and general stomach upset , is caused by an influx of harmful bacteria in the gut and digestive tract . Regular treatments of tylosin tartrate have been shown to help eliminate this bacteria , particularly in smaller animals.Read more
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!! After about a week of using it it was clearing up my shih-tzu 's tear stains . However , one day she was playful as anything and in a great mood until I went downstairs for ten minutes and came up to find vomit everywhere that looked like white , foamy mucus . She was foaming at the mouth . She was tired and not herself . After doing some research , I found out that this product is to blame . I 'd rather Cali have tear stains than be vomiting and sick . Please DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 All it does is makes my puppies poop softer and mushier . His face still stinks ! He still has tears that stain his face . He 's a shih-tzu .
 Everytime I gave this to my pup , she gets a stomach upset . Either she vomits or have a diarrhea . I gave it to her 2 days in a row and stopped , then I tried again after 3-4 weeks and still got the same result . So I had to throw away an almost full bottle . I spent almost $ 500 in vet bills to get her checked the first time it happened . I just clean her eye boogey out every 2-3 days .
 This is generally a good product . I always select new as the type of product I order . This particular batch does not seem as potent as previous purchases . The eye stain is returning . Maybe Amazon could do a better job at assuring the quality of products , particularly animal products .
 I was very excited when this product arrived . I read the reviews and even got suggestions from other pet owners that this was the best thing for tear stains . I have a 12lbs Pomeranian mix that has some pretty dark tear stains and he did n't care for me putting things near or in his eyes . I also tried changing his food to a healthier version and that did n't work . I figured that this would be a nice alternative.First issue
 Was n't what I wanted . I was looking for a good price on the liquid Angel Eyes and this was the powder to put on the dog 's food .
 As so many others did , I bought this off the internet because of all the great reviews on it . My 15lb cocker is so darn picky about what she eats , she turns her nose up at the powdered stuff . I accidently got it on my finger and decided to taste it and ca n't blame her one bit . This stuff is GROSS ! but , I know that dogs taste buds are not the same . I have tried canned dog food , beef broth , water , on the dry food , eggs , raw eggs , and ... I 'm thinking bout baby food next . She 's been using it for about 4 days now and it 's to where she sees the powder on it , she wont touch it . The smell over powers anything that is supposed to taste good and so does that bitter taste .
 smells bad and apparantly tastes bad because my dog wo n't eat it , and I mix it with her favorite dog food .
 I was giving my Teddybear pup this product once a day -LRB- 1 tbsp -RRB- and have yet to see any difference .
 I have been using Angels ' Eyes for about 6 months . My white chihuahua still has a definite red line beginning at her tear duct and running about 1/2 inch down her face . Does any product really eliminate this stain ?
 I gave this product to my dog twice and it made her break out into bad hives . I contacted Entirely pets , the shipper , and they would not give me back my money . All my dog used was 1/2 tsp.-She 's 5 lbs . If you do order this product , do n't order from them .
 Angels Eyes does work quite well for eliminating those pesky reddish/pink streaks from the corners of eyes . However , there is a terrible side effect , one listed on multiple websites about this product
 The Angel Eyes has been working great , but when I took my dog in for his annual check up and mentioned that I was using this product he said that he would n't recommend it as my dog could get an intolerence to some antibiotics .
 Angel eyes main ingredient is Tylosin , which is anti-biotic , and it is also very expensive . If you do n't want to pump your poor dog with anti-biotics and pay these outrageous prices , try my solution ; it worked wonders for my dog.My rescue Pomeranian dog came to me with teary eyes and very dark stains under his eyes , very noticeable on his white fur . I could see that his eyes are also itchy , because he was rubbing them against the carpet . He refused to touch the Angel eyes -LRB- Tylosin has extremely bitter taste -RRB- . After the vet examined him , he said that the dog , like many toy breeds has eye allergy . These dogs are so small and close to the ground and affected by dust and prone to allergies . He recommended allergy eye drops madefor humans called `` Opcon A '' manufactured by Bausch and Lomb . A small bottle of 0.5 OZ costs only $ 5 and lasts for at least 2 months , one drop a day . I tried it and right away , the dog 's eyes stopped tearing . He also stopped rubbing them , so the lubrication must be relieving the itch.As far as the dark stains under his eyes ; It took about 1.5 months for the stains on the fur to fade away , as the new white fur grew and replaced the old stained fur . The dog looks and feels great now and gets many compliments .
 I ended up returning this item . It made our dog -LRB- Bichon Frise -RRB- vomit whenever we gave some to him on his food . Back it went to Amazon . Your results may be different .
 I ordered this product thru Amazon , thinking I would save $ 10.00 versus ordering from the previous site I had ordered from . This product had to be returned upon receiving , because some type of bugs were in it . Then when receiving a replacement bottle , the powder is not the same consistency as the AngelEyes we received from the other company . It is heavy as if moisture is in it . I will not be ordering again from Amazon .
 I finally got the product but unfortunately my 1 year old maltese refuses to eat her food . The powder is extremely bitter and it does n't have the best smell , so I guess it repels her . Unfortunately I was n't able to see the results , I wish the makers of the product would have added some kind of flavor so the fussy little dogs would be able to eat it too .
 My dog had severe gastritis after I gave him Angels Eyes from Amazon , I had given him Angels Eyes for the last six months , I bought directly from Angels Eyes and everything was fine , I ordered the new bottle through Amazon , and the dog got very sick . I waited 1 week and repeated the 1/2 spoon dosage and again he got sick . I am returning this product to Amazon , there is something wrong with it , according to my vet .
 I heard great things about Angel Eyes from other owners dealing with tear stains.I shopped around the net for Angel Eyes to get the best price possible.I seemed that Amazon had the best price and with free shipping it seemed like the best choice.I ordered a 240 gram bottle and received a shipment a few days later . I was surprised to see that both protective seals were broken and the bottle was only 1/2 full . I measured the contents and it was only about 175 grams . In addition , for safety reasons I would never give my dag something that wasnt sealed.So I submitted a replacement request and sent back the bottle . A few days later I received a second package with THE EXACT SAME ISSUS . Nothing sealed , 1/3 missing . The interior seal clearly states , `` sealed for your protection '' yet the 2 bottles I received from Amazon were NOT sealed.Not suprisingly I immedialtey retured the product for the second time and asked for a full refund.It is worth the additional money to receive what I purchased and make sure it is safe for my dog.Anyone looking into buying Angel Eyes via Amamzon ... BEWARE !!!
 After using the whole bottle there was no result . I think this stuff is a waste of money .
 I used this the first week and loved it I though it was great as it cleared my dogs eyes up but then a few days later the corner of my dogs eyes got hard like cement . I stopped using it and every day for a month I had to soak my poor dogs eyes because her hair around her eyes was super hard . and all I can think of if it made her hair hard as a rock where her tear stains were what is it doing to the inside of her body . It can not be good .
 Angels 's Eyes worked beautifully for about four months and I was thrilled with the results . After we dropped down to four times a week I noticed that my Coton started having tear staining once again . I stopped using it for several months and started up again giving it to him every day but that did n't help and he continues to have tear staining . In addition , he hates the taste . I am disappointed that it quit working and and now left wondering what else I can try .
 READ ENTIRE REVIEW ! In Sept. of 2008 I wrote , `` I ca n't really write much of a review on whether the product works or not . It smells so bad I have to disguise it in something to get the dog to eat it . Usually try to get the powder into some cheese or meat in order for her to swallow it . Sprinkling it on the food is just a waste of food because she wo n't get near it . Maybe someone has a good tip on how to get it into the dog ! '' Today , May 27 , 2009 , I have found that it still `` smells bad , '' but if I put 1/4 tsp or less twice a day it really works to keep eye stain away and she does n't seem to mind the taste !!! SO , NOW , I GIVE IT A THUMBS UP !!!
 My Maltese is a great eater , but if this is in her food , she will not go near it . I ended up buying veg capsules , filling them with the product and giving capsule wrapped in cheese . After one month very very little change . I will not be buying again . I wish we had better luck , I was so hopeful . Just beware that it tastes very very bad to some dogs .
 not sure what it was about this stuff , but when I put it in my dog 's food she got sick .
 I ca n't tell if this product works or not because my dog wo n't eat her food when I add it .
 i have 2 maltese , this stuff works , but if i had only 1 dog to use it , it will cost me a fortune still , you have to put a lot in their found to get it going and still more
 My white Bichon/Poodle mix has been on this product now for 6 months and it is still not diminishing her tear stains . After discussing this with a breed handler/groomer with show dogs , I found out the key ingredient to eliminating tear stains is Tylan . Some Angels ' Eyes have Tylan , but the ones produced especially in Texas do not . That particular ingredient is not in this product that I purchased from Amazon , according to the ingredients listed . There may be a natural remedy in it instead , but apparently it does not work as well as the actual Tylan . This is just a heads up for anyone expecting this Angels ' Eyes to get rid of the tear staining . It does not . You can find Tylan at some feed stores and sprinkle on their food in the same manner as the Angels ' Eyes .
 I heard alot about this product so I tried it . About a hour after giving it to my dog he started licking his feet until they were really wet . He did n't like it in his food and would n't try it again later .
 My dog could n't use it . She was sick for about the first 4 days I used it , so I had to stop . She does have medical issues so it probably would n't make other dogs ill . With antibiotics and eye drops , her stains cleared up anyway . Now I have a whole jar and ca n't use it .
 Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs and Cats , 120-Gram BottleThis product is unsafe.The vet has told us to never use this product , it will block the tear ducts and would need to have to pay for an operation to open the ducts
 If you bought beef liver treats and crushed them up , you would have this product . It is not healthy to give too much of this to your dog . Search for freeze dried beef liver treats for dogs . Any pet store will have them as well . You will pay a fraction of the price for many times more actual product .
 I have n't tried this item because Amazon did not ship it until 5 days after I order it ... the last time I do free shipping !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My fault for thinking the item was pads for wiping tear stains . . Wrong ! It 's some mysterious powder without any product information . To compound the felony , the seller shipped it without any directions whatsoever.For that sort of stupidity Amazon should drop the seller.I do n't know about you , but I had no interest in dosing my dog with some alien compound .
 My maltese did not like it and this actually was not the product I thought it was when I ordered it , so I pitched it .
 Stopping dogs eyes from watering is cruel just so you can have a fashion accessory.This is the American solution for everything - take a pill .
 This supplement may work for some , but my cocker spaniel threw up a minute after she finished her first meal with this supplement . It was also too late for me to return it , so I just wasted $ $ for so something that my dog can not stomach . And it 's not like my dog is too sensitive with food . This is the only supplement that caused this reaction .
 Could someone come up with a suggestion for using this product on two dogs ? They both use the same bowl , so using 1/2 teaspoon per day per dog is kind of hard if not impossible to do . Even if it was one dog ... they only eat a little each day . How do I know I am not bombarding them with this tear stain product cummalitively . It would be great if they just came up with a pill formula for Angel Eyes product . The reason for my no star review ? I am still figuring out to give this 1/2 teaspoon per day to my two maltese.Sincerely , Barbara O'Brien
 item was fed as directed but after 1 week no change . Just putting saline eye drops worked better . eyes now have less tear stains .
 I just want everyone to know the product works great . There are many other products sold online and in pet stores and vets office that are similar with similar ingredients . But the main ingredient is tylosin tartrate being used as a recognized non-ntented positive off use . It is not a low cost antibiotic rather a low dose antibiotic . It is not used very often anymore in vet use . But much like older tetracycline antibioticsfor human use is an older safe yet effective class of antibiotic . Just as in human use such as rosacea -LRB- which I have -RRB- they now use doxyclene u -LRB- sed for many infections including acne to malaria -RRB- but also now in extended low dose form Oracea as an effective yet does not cause antibiotic resistance . My dog has used this for years no problem and vet also supplies . Some vets may look to use other methods first as this is purely in most but not all cases just for appearances . Many breededrs will use with white dogs and show because dogs are less likely to be picked over . Sad but true but realistically they look healthier than a dog with dripping stains from eyes and then mouth and possible if they gnaw on feet etc. . Vet said that there are a few -LRB- not for stain -RRB- cases where they would use tylosin for but there are newer class of drugs that they would use instead and not to worry about resistance in this daily dose . That yes if you can get by with other and less expensive methods or products then fine and that many natural suppliers will sometimes even use scare tatics against it . Even angels eyes has recognized this marketing trend and offers natural . Is natural always safer ? Many natural products are not approved nor fully tested nor understood . For my dog natural products and manual stain removers nor household -LRB- I would ask vet about tums and vinegar - even a tylenol or some breath mints with xylotol can kill a cat/dog -RRB- did not work well or at all . Like any product your dog/cat may be sensitive to any given ingredient . I would start half the dose for a week first to be on the safe side , then use as shown . My dog had no problem but has had problems in past when changing dog food type so I used half dose starting method . After about three weeks noticed it halting but old stains needed about two baths and two cuts later and in about 3-4 months dog 's was/been flawless and looks so healthy people used to think it was older than it looked now they think its a few years old . Also its snow nose -LRB- common withmany white breeds -RRB- stays black longer instaed of brownish pink not sure if that had anything to do with it since its an enzyme that causes it . Or maybe Global warming-lol . I would always consult your vet . I buy mine thru Amazon to save Money not my vet -LRB- different brand same ingredients - angel eyes been around longer -RRB- . Good luck .
 The directions say this stuff can be added to water , and when its added , it looks like muddy dirty water , and my dogs would NOT drink it unless they were thirsting to death . It settled toward the bottom of their water bowl , and left a yucky film.I tried it , and didnt see any change ... stains still there on my white shiz-tu 's face . I read the ingredients , seems that its ground , dried liver . That 's all . That 's it . Well blow me away , I can buy chicken liver and feed that to my dog , and get the same effect for a lot less money . LOL I really had high hopes for this product based on the rave reviews , but it just did not work for my dig .
 We have a shih tzu who is now 5 months old . We 've given him this for the past 2 months and it has not helped the eye stains at all -- Plus it stains the white fur around his mouth when he eats food this has been added to . Do n't waste your money .
 This product does work for tear stains for my Maltese . But I had noticed that he seemed reluctant to eat his food and wondered if it tasted bad . Last night , after several months of using Angels Eyes I finally dipped my finger in it and was horrified at how awful and bitter it tastes ! I am ashamed now that I have been making my dog 's only choice for nourishment to eat his food with this horrible tasting stuff on it . It tastes like the bitterest of medicines and I almost gagged and had to wash my mouth out several times to get the taste out . And this was from just a finger dipped in the tiniest bit of the stuff in water . I will continue to use the product but have ordered a capsule machine and will put it into capsules which I will then wrap in a Pill Pocket .
 I tried this product , but did n't really have success in removing the tear stains from my Maltese 's eyes . Better products are on the market that really do work . The one that really did the job , was from another online store . It was purchased from Puritan 's Pride , which basically sells vitamins , but also so much more . The product was eye cleaning pads . I used the pads for a total of about 3 weeks , and not only did it start working right away , it 's been about 8 months now , and the stains have not come back . Amazon should think about selling such a great product .
 That is all I have to say ... no changes at all!If this worked with your dogs , let me know ... tried on two dogs at the same time ... no reductions in their tearing .
 Angel Eyes was banned in Europe . This indicates all the reviews complaining about using an antibiotic for cosmetic reasons have some merit . I would n't use this product .
 I have been giving my 16 month old blonde Havanese Angels ' Eyes for a few months . It did a great job in clearing up her tear staining . However recently she developed Pancreatitis . I do n't know if Angel Eyes ' had anything to do with it for sure or not . But Angel Eyes ' contains an antibiotic -LRB- tylosin -RRB- . My dog is now recovering and should be ok . But I thought about . Would you give your child a daily dose of antibiotics ? It can irritate the digestive tract . Also after awhile , you dog develops a tolerance for antibiotics . What if your dog develops pneumonia etc. ? , and the you find out that antibiotics no long work for him because his body has built an immune system against antibiotics ? I know that the UK and some other countries have banned products with tylosin in them . I am now researching an alternative to Angels ' Eyes . I will never use Angels ' Eyes again .
 When we adopted our little Bichon she had terrible tear staining . We switched to a better quality food -LRB- a natural food Artemis fresh mix -RRB- and most of the tear staining has decreased . However there is still minimal tear staining and I would like to do something about it . Upon searching I found Angel 's Eyes , and read many good reviews . Like the responsible pet parent I wanted to find out WHY this product works so well before I gave it to her . Upon research I found there is an antibiotic used in this product . There is many controversy about this , but I found a very good article written by a veterinarian that gave me more details about just what I would be doing to her . the website can be found at -LSB- ... -RSB- Or google it . The information is out there to allow you to be an INFORMED pet parent . I understand the concern it is a problem we pet parents face , but there are multiple other solutions to at least BE TRIED and have this as a last result if you really can not live with it .
 I finished the bottle of angel eyes on my 6 month Cockapoo and had no luck . Her tear stains are still as bad as ever . She never had a problem with the taste though , just mixed it in with some wet food every night .
 I gave my 8 year old Maltese angel eyes , he became very sick vomiting , unable to eat lost a lot of weight , was in intensive care for 2 days . Came home still sick unable to eat , diagnosed with ileus from antibiotics . Exploratory surgery , ruptured bowel peritonitis , in critical condition . Completely healthy dog until I gave him angel eyes . What a mistake .
 I bought this for our Shitzhu but unfortuntely it just caused her to stop eating and vomits bile . She continues to be her playful self so it did not affect her in any other way . It would have probably worked if it did n't make her sick but now I will have to stop using it . Good luck to everyone else .
 ordered this product to help with the tearing of a small dog as it would stain the coat around the eyes . We put this on his food the first time , he ate alittle , no more and it took several days to get him to eat again , had to wash the bowl and clean it to get the smell out . we then tried to mix it in his water , same results -- based on this I give product a poor rating , wasted 30 dollars .
 I started using the lowest recommended dosage of this product on my small dog to get rid of some red tear stains he 'd had for over a year . Within a few weeks I noticed he 'd stopped eating almost completely . I set out a secondary bowl of food with none of the angel eyes powder in it and he refused to eat from it as well . I tried everything from treats to moist dog food to get my dog eating again but nothing seemed to work . On a routine check up my vet became very alarmed noting that my pup had dropped nearly 20 % of his body weight since his last visit a few months prior . TWENTY PERCENT . I felt terrible and did everything I could to get his appetite back up ... finally after a few weeks on moist food he started eating again and gained ALL the weight back . The only variable in all that time was the angel eyes powder . He 's fine now , and the angel eyes did get rid of the tear stains but I will NEVER use the product again nor recommend it to anyone . I was astounded that my dog could become so sick and lose so much weight so quickly from a product that is marketed for dogs as safe . Bottom line
 I was never able to get my dog to take it so I do n't know if it works or not . I have tried every sneaky way I could think of , even concealing it in home made dog food that my dog loves , but he wo n't touch it if this stuff is in it .
 After reading some reviews for Angels Eyes , I decided to try it . Bad decision . My shih-poo wo n't eat it when I mix it with yogurt like I did Angels Glow . Also , it does n't say anything about cutting back on the dosage once the staining has stopped . I was only using the Glow every third day . It made a nice paste when mixed with yogurt that Harley would eat right off my finger . After reading more reviews , I 'm going to order Tylan Powder -LRB- it 's the main ingredient in both -RRB- and try it .
 I purchased the 240 gr . bottle . BIG MISTAKE ... My dogs will not touch this product . I have mixed it with dog food , chicken , steak , hamburger , rice , noodles , cheese and in their water . -LRB- using 1/8 tsp -RRB- One smell and they walked away ... so I do n't know if this product really works . Total waste of money for me . If I had it to do over , I would buy the smallest amount available , then throw away . I would n't have lost so much money . Wish they offered refund if dog 's would n't try product ...
 I gave this to my dog for two days , the second day she became lethargic , had diarrhea , and a cough -LRB- perhaps she had irritation or swelling in her throat -RRB- . Needless to say she did n't have a third dose . It only took a day for her diarrhea to clear up , but the cough and lethargy took about two weeks with treatment from her vet . Now we are using Eye Envy , that works GREAT !
 I was delighted to use this product a year ago . I do not know why ii is not working at all on the same dog .
 Our dog would n't eat her food with Angel Eyes sprinkled on it . There was no way to get her to eat anything with Angel Eyes so we assume it does n't taste very good and now we have a nearly full bottle that we ca n't use . If you decide to buy this product for your pet , buy the smallest size possible to see if your pet will eat food with this product sprinkled on the food per instructions .
 This product works if you can get your dog to eat it . It tastes absolutely horrible -LRB- I know because I tasted it -RRB- and no matter how much I tried to disguise the taste with special dog food , peanut butter , whatever , I could n't get my dog to take it more than once .
 First bottle worked great and kept my dog from staining , but none of the others I bought made a difference . I have completely stopped using this product on my dog .
 My dog Toffee hates the taste of the beef flavor angel stain remover however has reduce discharge by about half .
 Too much work and messy . It did not seem to work on my dog . Tears still yellow . Good luck with this item
 At the same time we started using this we also switched from plastic to stainless steel food and water dishes and began to wash them before each meal . The tear stains cleared up.Then we got a bit lazy and stopped using Angel 's Eyes but continued to wash the stainless steel dishes frequently . The tear stains did n't come back.My suggestion is to change in `` dishware '' first and see if you can do without this stuff .
 After a month not much change . Nasty smelling powder . Our dog did not like the food with this powder on it .
 I used this product of my dog for over a year and a half . No where on the bottle was there a warning not to give this to your dog for longer than nine months but that warning is on the company 's web site.However , I strongly caution people to research exactly what Tylosin as Tartrate is before giving it your dog at all :[ ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- If I had known this , I would never have given it to my dog.Please be careful . Supplements for animals are not regulated as strictly as supplements for human consumption .
 Very expensive tratment that made my dogs -LRB- Shih Tzu -RRB- very sick to their stomachs . Tried the plain yoghurt -- worked great and it was cheap and natural .
 As a veterinarian , I just want everyone to realize that this product is an antibiotic , and it is not a good idea to have your pet on an antibiotic long-term , without a medical reason . Antibiotic resistance is a big problem in our world , and this product definitely contributes to the problem . I ca n't believe this product is allowed to be sold as an over the counter product to the general public ! Antibiotics are prescription items for a reason . Also , it is exhorbitantly expensive , and if you want your pet to be on an antibiotic to be stain-free , then you should talk to your veterinarian , for tetracyclines that are cheaper and work just as well .
 I have not received my item that I paid AMAZON . COM for over a month agoWILL YOU PLEASE REFUND MY CREDIT CARD FOR THE FULL AMOUNT OF MONIES ...
 I tried the 120 gram bottle of Angel Eyes for my two white dogs and continued to use it until it was gone . Neither of the dogs liked the taste of it in their food even though I camoflaged it and I had a real battle getting them to eat . Also the problem with their eyes has not cleared up as anticipated . As a result I was very disappointed especially since the product is not cheap .
 We have a Bichon Friese/Poodle mix that has a pure white coat . We used this product as recommended every day with no results . His tear stains are just as bad as before we started using the product . We are going to try to get our money back . NOT WORTH IT . DOES NOT WORK !!!!
 My puppy has been taking it for 2 weeks , and so far , nothing is working in reference to his eyes draining a dark orange .
 I used Angel Eyes on my Bichon and gave him the recommended dose of 1 tsp daily as he is 18 pounds . His eyes improved immediately . I could see the new growth and it was free of stain . In 3 weeks , his eyes started to crust up and I took him off of it immediately and took him to see vet which he diagnosed as conjunctivitis . In the next week , he started coughing , vomiting , diarrhea and stopped eating . He ended up with kidney failure . The vet put him on an IV for 4 days and I have him back home now but he is not good . He is only 9 years old . My first Bichon which I bought from the same breeder , lived to be 17 years old . He is still coughing , he can hardly open his eyes , he has a completely different appearance , he can not walk for very far -LRB- we used to go on long walks every day up until this happened . I looked up on the internet and there is a warning with this product of throat problems and liver failure . I attribute the Angel Eyes to his medical condition . There can be no other cause . I think I gave him too much -LRB- WHICH was the recommended dose -RRB- . I am devastated . It was n't worth clearing up his eyes for this .
 Angels Eyes does work quite well for eliminating those pesky reddish/pink streaks from the corners of eyes . However , there is a terrible side effect , one listed on multiple websites about this product
 I found that Angel Eyes was very difficult to give my 15 Lb Pekapoo . He did not like the dry powdered liver unless I mixed it with a wet dog food . It was also very expensive.Upon reading the label the active ingredient is Tylan -LRB- or Tylosin -RRB- . More research led to the dosage from the manufactures web site . `` Tylosin
 Angel Eyes works as it says it will . It will clear up the staining very well , BUT , here is information from our experience . It will drive your pets ALT enzyme levels really high . Most vets around here are not aware that this product will cause the readings to be really high . When the ALT levels are checked at the vets office with the Spectrum analyzer ? , it will show high ALT 's , and then your pet will start treatment for high liver enzyme levels . If your pet is a little older , this could have some really undesired outcomes in believing it is a condition to deal with . Our Maltese was 8 months old and had ALT levels in the 290 count range . Normal is 120 . An 8 month old dog with this high level has little to hope for . After rewmoving her from the Angel Eyes , her levels were normal within 8 days . I dont know if it harms the animal , but our pets are not worth the risk . Do some searching on the net , talk to your vet , and make choices you and your pet can live with . Maybe you will not have to deal with the turmoil we did .
 This product made my Havanese very ill ! After following the directions , my dog became very sick after a few days with severe diarrhea and dehydration . My vet said the low dose erythromycin like compound in this stuff had destroyed the natural flora in the intestinal tract . Even with medication and further testing , my dog is still sick two months later and it mimics inflammatory bowel disease . My dogs is seven years old and has never been sick a day in his life until I gave him this stuff . Now , I just hope he recovers . The manufacturers of OTC pet products do not need to fully disclose that their products contain antibiotics . Use CAUTION !
 I ordered this product first and then found out that it contains an antibiotic . I spoke to my vet about it and she said that a lot of her clients use it are are very happy with the results and that their pets do n't seem to be adversly affected by it . However , she did confirm that it is an antibiotic . I have decided not to give Angel Eyes to my dog for a couple reasons . Most importantly , I 'm not comfortable giving my pet an antibiotic regularly for purely cosmetic reasons . Who knows what kind of damage it can be doing to his little body . I ca n't imagine that regular ingestion of an antibiotic over the life of a dog can be very good for it . Secondly , there 's a concern with overuse of antibiotics in our society in general . This antibiotic will be excreted by your pet and will eventually end up in our soil , ground water and oceans . These are things to think about before you purchase this product . Also , NOWHERE on the packaging or on a brochure I picked up at the pet store does it mention that this product contains an antibiotic . The brochure actually touts it as `` natural '' product - I find this extremely deceptive .
 I have been using Angels Eyes for years and this shipment was unlike any I have ever used . It was very grainy , the dog refused to eat it and of course it has not solved the problem of eye stains.This is used for a show dog and I have stopped using the product as I do not think it has the same ingredients in it that I found in the original product brought directly from the company . I was more than disappointed by the product I received , but my main concern is what harm it might cause my dog.I will not buy this product again from this seller .
 After reading glowing reviews of this product , I decided to give it a try because of my Shih-Tzu 's problem with tear staining . I tried sprinkling it on his food -LRB- canned -RRB- but he refused to eat it . I then mixed it in the food , but he still knew something was in there and would n't gobble it up like he always did . After about 3 weeks on it he started vomiting almost on a daily basis and his stools were very loose . I stopped it immediately and , after 2 weeks , he 's back to himself again . I 'd rather put up with the tear stains than give him stuff like this which made him sick .
 My dog has allergy to it . He did not want to eat it at first place , but I forced him to eat a little . Then he began sneezing , scretching carpet , and rolled over and over . I felt so pity to try it . I throw the whole bottle immediately .
 I tried giving Angel Eyes to my dog - but had very little success , she does not like to eat her food when I sprinke this stuff on it -LRB- we even tried putting a little chicken stock in with the food -RRB- . Adding it to water was even worse . I really do n't know if this product works or not ; therefore I gave it 1 star . For my dog a pill would work and until it comes in pill form , I have a full bottle of Angel Eyes and will not be purchasing any more unless they have it in pill form .
 I read the reviews and ordered this product for my two Bichons . They were n't wild about the taste , but I got them to eat it - and it did work . Within a week the tear staining was much diminished , and after two weeks was gone entirely . But then I noticed both dogs were developing diarhea . and seemed `` off '' - eating grass , throwing up , not eating as well , etc. . More research and I discovered that this product contains Tylosin , which is actually a low grade antibiotic . NOT GOOD ! Had I known that I was feeding an antibiotic on a daily basis , I NEVER would have purchased this product - and I certainly would not have purchased the large size for continued usage . I have since found out that in many cases , you can feed 1/2 of a Tums -LRB- 500 mg calcium carbonate -RRB- twice daily or add 1 teaspoon vinegar to their water . I tried the vinegar and they would n't drink , so now I am using the Tums , with eqaully good results . I would caution anyone with the tear staining problem to talk to their vet and treat this product with caution . I give it one star because it contains an antibiotic which is not explained - the average layman would not know what Tylosin is .
 Angels Eyes did not help the tear stains on my Maltese . When I got him at four months old , he had a little bit of staining , but nothing terrible . Once he started teething about a month later , it got really bad . I spent $ 60 on the Angel eyes because the reviews on here were good , and the breeder recommended it as well . I followed the instructions verbatim for three months , and nothing happened . It was a total waste of money , and I found out a secret from my groomer who agreed Angel Eyes is garbage . Dilute Hydrogen Peroxide with water , and rub it with a cotton ball on the tear stains . Then put a little vasoline on the spot so the tears roll off the fur , and do not settle in . I do it once in the morning and once at night , and his tear stains are completely gone . It also helps to keep the hair by the eyes short and clean . BOTTOM LINE , this product is not healthy to use long term -LRB- according to my dog 's vet -RRB- and there are other more cost-effective alternatives available -LRB- the bottle of Peroxide was 75 cents at the drugstore ! -RRB- .
 I gave this product to my 7 month-old Shih Poo according to the directions for puppies . She was on it for one month . When I took her to the vet for her sterilization -LRB- spaying -RRB- pre-op , the blood work showed extremely high levels of liver enzymes which the vet said were likely caused by a congenital defect . I asked my vet if the Angel 's Eyes could be the culprit and she said no . In the meantime , I noticed that my dog 's skin was no longer pink ; it was white . Before I took the vet 's advice to take my dog to a University an 65 miles away for extremely expensive liver tests , I decided to act on my hunch that the problem may have been related to the Angel 's Eyes . I called the company and they denied that elevated liver enzymes could be caused by their product . Then , I thoroughly read their website which DID indicate the possibility of this adverse effect . Accordingly , I stopped giving it to my dog immediately . Within one month , her skin turned pink again and the liver enzyme tests came back normal . She has had no problems since . This just goes to show that even vets may not be aware of the problems associated with this product . You must watch your dog closely and ask yourself whether risking the kinds of side effects reported in mine and other reviews is really worth it for your pup to have unstained hair around the eyes . My vote is a resounding no ! A healthy dog is much more important than a perfect looking one .
 I have two Cavachon puppies that had tear stains . The breeder recommended `` Angel Eyes '' . I purchased `` Angel Eyes '' and started giving it to my puppies then decided to do some research . I try to use natural remedies in all aspects of my life . Researching the `` Angel Eyes '' I found that if given to puppies before they 're adult teeth are in , it can turn their teeth yellow . I stopped immediately and started putting lemon juice in their water -LRB- it supposedly changes their system to a more acidic one which kills the yeast in the eye excretions -RRB- , they liked it and within three weeks , no more tear stains . Since then I 've started giving them each 300ml of organic cranberry juice mixed with enough unsweetened apple juice to make palitable , they love it and it does the trick .
 Angels ' Eyes , beef flavor,CAN-NOT RATE . Unfortunatly my little Maltese/Shih-Tzu would not touch it . He would have rather starved . After 3 days I relented and gave him his normal food , Shin beef & fore quarter lamb chops , both cooked AND WITHOUT THE ANGELS ' EYES sprinkled in . -LRB- Sorry -RRB- I hesitate to try the chicken flovor.Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram Bottle
 I ca n't get my dog to get near her food when Angel Eyes is added . I tried to decrease the amount used but nothing is working .
 I hate to give this a product a 1 as it may work but it does n't work for my dog . As soon as he sniffs the food he ignores his bowl altogether and wo n't eat . I 've tried several times even using different types of food but still ca n't get him to eat . :--LRB- Still looking for a good tear stain eliminator !
 This product did n't work at all . I tried it on our miniature schnauzer and started it just after a grooming after all the eye gunk was removed . I used it as directed , but he still progressively accumulated brown gunk that adhered to the fur at the corner of his eyes . I had heard good things about this product but there was no apparent benefit for my dog .
 I bought this for my new shih tzu puppy . He ate it at first but then got some kind of skin disease -LRB- not from this product -RRB- . I had to stop Angel Eyes for 8 weeks during treatments from the vet . After treatments we tried to put him back on Angel Eyes for the tear stains . He refused to eat it . I left his food down with Angel Eyes sprinkled on it for over 1 day , he would not touch it . I decided to put down a different bowl w/no Angel Eyes and he ate it so fast . We have tried several times to get him to eat it , but he Will NOT touch it ! I have heard great things about Angel Eyes , but for some reason , my dog must think it tastes bad . We bought the beef flavor , I understand there is a chicken flavor , but not willing to try it now . It costs too much for it not to get eaten .
 Tylosin is usually considered safe for long-term use in dogs -LSB- 34 -RSB- . However , in this study we observed some unexpected microbial shifts , which may suggest that tylosin , similar to other antibiotics , can lead to a disruption of the intestinal ecosystem and also have potentially deleterious effects on gastrointestinal health . We observed significant increases for Pasteurella spp. , E. coli-like organisms , and a dramatic increase in C. perfringens-like organisms in one dog . Tylosin is prescribed for the therapy of upper respiratory infections associated with Pasteurella multocida . However , this group increased significantly during the treatment period . It remains unclear , if Pasteurella multocida has developed resistance to tylosin in the here studied dogs , or if the intestinal phylotypes differ from those isolated from the lung . Tylosin appears to be an appropriate antibiotic for the treatment of C. perfringens-associated diarrhea in canine patients , although resistant strains have been observed -LSB- 10 -RSB- . Similarly , in a chicken model of necrotizing enteritis , tylosin quantitatively decreased the proportion of mucolytic C. perfringens -LSB- 18 -RSB- . However in this study , the percentage of C. perfringens-like organisms increased from 21.8 % on day 0 to 86.7 % on day 14 in one dog , suggesting that this dog harbored a resistant strain . Our results also suggest that the proposed mode of action of an antibiotic on different bacterial genera does not necessarily match the in vivo effects , as several bacterial groups that are considered to be sensitive to tylosin increased in their proportions . Because of the nature of an ecosystem , the changes that are induced by an antibiotic on one set of organisms will affect others , and this is not necessarily predicted by in vitro antibiotic sensitivities .
 Please do yourself , and your pet , a favor and speak with your veterinarian before starting any type of oral medication or supplement . Some of these have been shown to cause kidney and/or liver damage . It is important to know that tear stains , while unsightly , are not harmful to your pet in any way . In fact , simply cleaning the eyes twice a day with warm water is frequently enough to reduce the majority of tear staining problems . If you insist on using an oral supplement , please have your pet 's internal organ functions checked by your vet on a regular basis to ensure his organs are n't being damaged by the medications . Your vanity is n't worth your pet 's life !
 The active ingredient , Tylosin , is an antibiotic . Investigate it for yourself . The `` dosage '' is measured loosely , in teaspoons of medicine mixed with flavor powder , with no standardization among doses . Medications should be measured out in milligrams or milliliters . Antibiotics without veterinary supervision and in willy-nilly doses ? Bad idea . Going beyond that , the product claims that the tear stains in question are caused by the growth of red yeast on damp under-eye fur . Antibiotics to fight yeast ? That is quite the opposite of how things work in humans . Also , the flavor is pretty horrible . My dog ate it when I mixed it in canned food -LRB- before I knew what Tylosin is -RRB- , but no way would he eat it over his regular kibble . I 'd rather not give him so much additional fat to clear up his eye stains.Bottom line ? It might help -LRB- although all the `` tesimonials '' I 've seen show the same dog , so I do n't think they are independent kudos from happy customers -RRB- , but it might also do harm . Are you willing to risk your pet 's health to correct a cosmetic flaw ? I 'm not .
 I 'm on my second bottle of Angel 's Eyes and truthfully have not seen the great results that others boast . My Bichon has large stains below both eyes after 3 months of treatment . I 've followed the directions and dosage , but just have n't seen much in the way of positive results . AND THIS STUFF IS EXPENSIVE .
 I was using wipes to help with the staining for my poodle until my boyfriend bought this Angel Eyes powder which was suppose to help ... . At first I was skeptical about feeding him something that would stop the production of eye tears ; After all it was the bodys way of protecting . They had sworn it was okay for the dog at the pet store . So I began mixing it his food every morning -LRB- mixed with a spoon of wet food -RRB- . Now 2 weeks later I am doing research about this product because things are changing ... . I wish I would have looked up these reviews before !!! The last person that wrote a comment really helped my decision to STOP USING ANGEL EYES . My dog gained 2 pounds and he looks bloated , the clothes dont fit him the same in just a matter of 2 WEEKS !!! I started to grow fear when I felt his little ribs expanding !! poor little guy cant tell me whats going on in his stomach ! When I started to read the prev comment and it said the dog was having diarrhea and then realized they were giving the dog a daily dose of anti biotics !! . . I couldnt believe it when I looked it up !! I feel so guilty but I think I caught it early enough !! My dog hasnt gotten diarrhea yet but i did begin to notice changes in his stools ! When I called the company and told them the only thing different is this daily dose of powder crap I 'm giving my dog they said what they were suppose to say ... they have never had a problem with their product ... HA ! Read all these 1 star comments ! I would put no stars if I could ! As for the tears , they were slightly disappearing but I DO N'T CARE ! I 'd rather deal with my dog and his eye boogers -LRB- and the wipes , which he hates -RRB- than know my dog will be sick ... PLEASE ADVISE YOUR FRIENDS & FAM TO DO RESEARCH BEFORE USING THIS PRODUCT ! WHICH IS STILL ... `` PATENT PENDING ''
 I bought this for my Shih Tzu and my mother purchased for her 5 white Persian cats . My dog refused to eat it - even when I mixed 1/2 the dose in canned food with gravy . This is something he has never refused to eat when I have mixed vitamins , oil for his coat , etc. into it.As it turns out , this was a good thing . Only 2 of Mom 's cats would even taste it -LRB- after smelling it -RRB- and they both got sick and threw it back up!I do n't know where the good reviews of this product come from , but something about this product turns off both cats and dogs - only to get sick if they get by the smell!I would NOT recommend you do this to your babies .
 My Havanese would not touch it . I mixed it in with his old food as well as his new food . He did n't touch the stuff . I left it down for two days and he still would n't eat it . As soon as I dumped the bowel with Angel Eyes in it and put fresh food down without it he immediately devoured it .
 Previously , I wrote a negative review of this product -LRB- 1 star , which I can not get Amazon to change -RRB- . I could not get my dogs to eat the product and felt it was a waste of money . I was adding it to every imaginable food . I then tried offering the Angel Eyes BY ITSELF and they LOVE it . Still wo n't eat it on their food or water , but only by itself . Okay , so my apologies for the previous review . Once I got this bit of insight , I can saw immediate results ! GREAT PRODUCT -- will buy again .
 Angel eyes main ingredient is Tylosin , which is anti-biotic , and it is also very expensive . If you do n't want to pump your poor dog with anti-biotics and pay these outrageous prices , try my solution ; it worked wonders for my dog.My rescue Pomeranian dog came to me with teary eyes and very dark stains under his eyes , very noticeable on his white fur . I could see that his eyes are also itchy , because he was rubbing them against the carpet . He refused to touch the Angel eyes -LRB- Tylosin has extremely bitter taste -RRB- . After the vet examined him , he said that the dog , like many toy breeds has eye allergy . These dogs are so small and close to the ground and affected by dust and prone to allergies . He recommended allergy eye drops madefor humans called `` Opcon A '' manufactured by Bausch and Lomb . A small bottle of 0.5 OZ costs only $ 5 and lasts for at least 2 months , one drop a day . I tried it and right away , the dog 's eyes stopped tearing . He also stopped rubbing them , so the lubrication must be relieving the itch.As far as the dark stains under his eyes ; It took about 1.5 months for the stains on the fur to fade away , as the new white fur grew and replaced the old stained fur . The dog looks and feels great now and gets many compliments .
 I have a maltese and a malti-poo , they are normally good eaters . Althought after a few days , they refused to drink the water bowl that contained angel eyes . We tried to put it in their food , but that failed as well . We gave these to a friend and had the same results .
 Yikes ! When I opened the bottle it had little bugsbursting out of it ! I am glad I did n't feed itto my pet !
 I have a 2 year old maltese that had the eye stains . I bought him stainless steel food and water bowls instead of the usual plastic dish . Afterwards I had him groomed to where his hair around his eyes were shaved . The new hair is all white and has been for over a year now . This has been the one thing that works for me . Try it .
 I ordered the Chicken Flavor which costs an additional amount because my dog is allergic to beef . Unfortunately I was sent the beaf flavor . Very Disappointing !
 Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram BottleI would not advise use of this product as it carries an antibiotic . Long term use of this can cause health problems in pets . Tylosin is an antibiotic in the Erythromycin family , it uses this as a titrater . I do not believe long term use of this product is healthy for your pets .
 This product was taken off the shelfs at stores like petsmart for a reason . the powder material isnt da best way to get `` angel Eyes '' for ur dog it didnt fo me . i own two dogs and there both maltese it didnt work even after 2 months of trying ! you better off cleanin them everyday.i dont recomend this product .
 I rarely find it necessary to leave feedback , but I was so disappointed in this product I found it necessary to warn people against buying it . I gave the smallest amount to my yorkie and right away I noticed it dried up his eyes from tear secretions , great right ? Well it also dried up his nose which is always , as it should be , wet . The next day I tried to feed my dog his food without Angel Eyes in it , and he ran away from me and hid ! He would not go anywhere near his food bowl , which is absolutely not normal . After 24 hours he was back to normal , but I will never again poison his food for the sake of vanity !
 This product was not in stock and dealer would not confirm it was not in stock but kept my charge for Angels eyes tear remover untill I contacted Amazon for refund . Do not deal with this vender .
 The bottle arrives less than half full -- I dislike deceptive packaging ! It 's too early to tell whether it is working -- takes several months . A very high price for powdered liver , I think .
 Tear staining is a natural oxidizing process where the enzymes in the tears react with air and natural bacteria on the skin . This product contains a low dose antibiotic called Tylosin that disrupts this normal physiology . You are literally ` treating ' your dog with a daily dose of antibiotic . It is not considered responsible use of antibiotics by many veterinarians . The safety of long term use of antibiotics like this have not been properly studied and are likely to cause long term effects . This is why many people have reported GI signs in the reviews . The best thing you can do to reduce tear staining is gently wipe the area with warm water every morning as well as routine grooming . If tear staining continues to be a major issue for you - DO NOT GET A WHITE DOG NEXT TIME .
 I did n't find that this product made any difference in the tearing of my pups eyes.IF anything made him not want his food much .
 Okay , so I thought that Angel Eyes was the safe product to rid my dog of tear stains . Not so ! Please do the research before buying this , or should I say lack of research for use on animals . This product has been banned in many european countries ! It is an antibiotic ! Long term effects from its use on your dog are not known . This product has the potential to do harm to your pets immune system . I wish the producers of this product disclosed this in their adverts ! Of course it worked for our dog for the first few weeks but my dog developed antibiotic resistance and developed an eye infection ... now his eye and stains are worse than before . We do not want antibiotics in our food chain why put them in your dogs . Please do not use this product !
 So very disappointed with this double-sided nail file . The emery sticks I get for myself from Walmart or Target perform far better than this metal file . The construction is solid with a great sturdy handle and the groove looks cool , the way it dips to countour your puppy/dog 's nail ... that is , until you try to file it down . It is not worth all the time it would take me to get through all four paws of my 75 pound puppy . It took me far too long just to smooth the edges of where I already clipped his nail ! This was supposed to SUPPLEMENT my dog-nail clipper in the instant his nail peels , has a jagged edge , or is still a little sharp from fresh clipping . I 'm disbelieving people use this as their main dog-nail `` trimmer '' unless they have all the time in the world.There 's barely any grit to this filer on EITHER side ; basically it 's super fine grit on both sides . Maybe I got one from a poorly made batch , but it says something if you can barely file your own -LRB- much thinner -RRB- human nail down .
 I bought this adapter kit to use withOster 078005-314 Turbo A5 2-Speed Clipper.This kit simply does not work - clippers on their own work great , once I put adapter on - they just do not cut at all.I ended up buying two additional length blades instead of this adapter kit and extra blades work great .
 This product should not be advertized to buy with the Groom Master Clipper by Oster . although it says these comb guides are `` universal '' they are n't ! They do n't even come close to fitting on the extra wide cutting head of the Groom Master ! DO NOT buy them for the GM !
 DO N'T BUY ! This product is a total waste of money . I had read the reviews and just thought maybe since I was shaving a little Pomeranian and not a larger dog that maybe I would n't be as rough on them . WRONG ! The other reviews read right ! The clippers would not cut using the attatchments and I tried them all . NONE WORKED ! Also , one broke the first time I used it . I could n't return it because it was past the return time table by the time I got around to using it for the first time . WHAT A JOKE ! Learn from my mistake . That 's why these reviews are put here .
 Too small for my Eclectus parrot . She destroyed it in about 1 hour . It was way too small for her to stand on so I hung it from the cage .
 In your description of the Andis replacement if it truly does fit all , please put model numbers . I am hesitant to buy this unless I know its completely universal . It just seems there is no detailed description of what models it fits or that it is universal .
 I just purchased this item about 2 weeks ago . It leaks all the time . The corner where I have it is constantly soaking wet . So , not only was it a waste of money to purchase ... but it continues to be a waste because it 's a waste of bedding . Do n't buy this . I 'm replacing it right now .
 I bought it for a mid-sized dog and it 's one of the most poorly designed items I 've ever seen ... and what is so sad is that just a FEW minor changes would make it work . The `` flip top '' needs a screw base -- it just sits on the `` tank '' and falls off at a jostle , pouring water all over everything . The bracket is flimsy ... a few centimeters on either side would hold the bottle in place much more securely ; the tank falls out if I bump the kennel from the outside , much less when my dog actually tries to drink from it . And while the bottom portion DOES screw on , it 's barely in place -- a half turn and water leaks all over . I ca n't imagine any dog that is n't very young or very tiny -LRB- and this holds a fair amount of water -RRB- who could possibly be dainty enough to use this without major spillage . Do n't waste your money . The clamp holding the tank to the cage works ... because when I come home , it 's the ONLY thing still in place .
 I spent hours researching this water bottle purchase . My only goal
 Great idea but not recomended for small animals . The spring is too hard for my little guy to push on to get a drink !
 I never used this , the water leaks from the top , not functional at all , I would not rcommend this . I purchased this for my rabbits and this was wasted money
 I like the flip-top design because it 's easy for my 8-yr-old daughter to refill using a separate container , so she does n't have to remove the whole bottle every time . But , water just drips out constantly , so the bedding is always drenched and the guinea pigs are always out of water . So , it is being discarded and I 'm looking for a better bottle .
 Heres the thing about these bottles . I bought it because it has a lever to release the water rather than the noisy metal ball most of them have . It worked perfectly for that . It was no longer loud and annoying when my buns got a drink . However , we noticed there was a LARGE amount of water ending up on the bottom of the cage every day . We thought it might be leaking but we never once saw it drip . After more observation we discovered that the lever released too much water every time they took a drink and most of it ended up on the ground instead of in their mouth . We tried putting towels and bedding under it to soak up the water but it was such a pain and the bunnies didnt seem to like using it anymore . So we switched to a crock the size of a small bowl and they seem to really like it . Its easy , there is no mess , and we are all happy .
 I purchased this as a replacement for one that failed after a short time . I was trying to replace with the same pump , but that was a mistake , because the new one has already failed too . Poor design!The problem is with the little plastic shaft and its cog that engages a cog in the shaft sleeve of the impeller . There is play and * they do not fully mesh * , so after a month or two , the plastic sleeve just breaks from wear and the impeller stops spinning . I found that I could put the pieces together with a dose of superglue -LRB- making the whole assembly solid -RRB- and that got the broken pumps to work ... for now , but there is no way I can recommend this pump . Be forewarned !
 This went from super loud to broke in a matter of 3 days . This product blows harder than a humback whale coming to the surface after hours under the water .
 I bought this pump 2 years ago . The impeller failed after one year - the ridges on the shaft had worn down . I replaced it for about $ 12 . After 10 months the replacement also failed . I bought another one , and it failed after 3 months . I glued the rotor blade to the impeller and it worked for a while . Now the motor has failed . Poor design . Not recommended.By comparison , I had bought a larger Little Giant pump -LRB- 1150 gph -RRB- for a larger pond , and it has been running without problems for more than 10 years !
 But why did they stop manufacturing it ? I emailed the company with that question and never received an answer . Could n't seem to find any info on the subject on the internet either . That tells me something is wrong somewhere , and I 've been giving it occasionally to my dogs .
 My dog ate these just fine but my vet said it is not safe to give aspirin to dogs , ever ever . Be careful and be aware .
 I bought 2 sizes , one was too small and the other too large . Obviously this company is not using real dogs for sizing . A real waste of money ... too bad ... sadly disappointed ... I even contacted the manufacturer to go over the sizing ... companies need to check with real people and real dogs before manufacuring products for them ...
 I used this product on our Chihuahua , Greyhounds & German Shepherd and it had absolutely no effect on any of them.No where in the description on Amazon does it say the product is made by K-II Enterprises which sells it under the brand name Dazzer II . It 's only when I received it and saw the K-II name on the box that I realized it is the same as K-II 's own ultrasonic trainer . I own a Dazzer II and it also has no affect on the dogs.K-Ii Enterprises Pet-Agree Dog Training Aid Ultrasonic
 After reading the reviews , I thought this would be the extra reenforcement we needed for training our puppy . The first day we got the Petagree , we wanted to put it to work immediately . So , we gave a command as we pushed the button and our puppy did nothing as usual . He continued on as if he did not hear a thing . It was a big disappointment for us .
 After reading all the reviews , I thought I would see if this would help me train my dog -LRB- corgi -RRB- . He can hear it for sure , however all it does for him is make him bark and lunge for the unit . I 'll continue to try to get better luck with this -LRB- maybe in time -RRB- .
 After reading the reviews , I ordered the petagree training device , thinking that my experience would mirror other customers ' success . However , unless my dog is deaf -LRB- highly unlikely since he can hear the dog treat box rustle from yards away -RRB- then this device is a hoax . Not only have I tried in all sorts of situations -LRB- outside , inside , within 3 -5 feet and in increments up to 20 feet -RRB- , but my dog exhibits absolutely no response to the supposedly intense sound.Since the device was under $ 35 including shipping , I assume that it 's just another completely ineffective , though marketable , device sold to unsuspecting yet eager dog trainers.Avoid the device at all costs . My guess is that the favorable customer reviews were written by the company who is passing off these items as legitimate .
 This supplement really smells bad , the cats did not like it at all , in fact they threw it up . One stood on my desk and projectile vomited all over .
 This Muzzle , needed a much better description . I would have like to know that it was made out of plastic and only the strap was leather . It did hold up on my fmeale pit bull , and she was able to get out of it all the time . Also it didnt quite fit her right , she was not capable of eating thru the basket or drinking . And what is that little removable peice for in the front . When I removed it , there was little plastic peices sticking into her mouth and rubbing leaving marks . Not a well built muzzle .
 The one I just ordered will be number three . They are not very durable . Typically , if your dog is wearing one day in , day out , the thinner plastic bars begin breaking off after about a year . From that time , you have about another six months before all of the bars are broken and the muzzle is useless . The slide-in bar assembly , at the front , will fall out in no time if you do n't put cable ties around it to secure it to the main frame . If your dog is a self-chewer or licker , the openings in the mesh will NOT stop this habit . I have learned the work-around
 I bought this on Amazon on October 11 , and here I am On December 1 online buying a replacement . I bought this to put on my 1 year old rescue to keep her from chewing me out of house and home . The only things this dog will not chew are the toys I buy for her , and trust me she has more toys then petsmart . I have tried everything . Bitter spray , raw hides , every brand and make of bone , toy , chew I can find . She has destroyed 2 remotes so far , and I caught her trying to eat my cell phone twice . This seemed like a perfect solution . Sadly she has broken the plastic in 2 places and is able to get her mouth out . She never wears it outside , so no trees , or concrete to use to smash or wear it down . I came home today to a torn open bag of dog food , torn apart baby wipes and I can not find the tv remote ... . I am switching to a metal model . She is not a big power breed or anything . She is a smallish flat coated retriever for pity sake .
 I have NEVER written a comment , yet alone a negative one at that about a seller . First and foremost , I am not asking for pity , but being a working mother of 2 , of which 1 is extremely special needs , there are only so many hours in a day . Being that this seller did not display NUMERICAL measurements on their website only dog breeds as measurements I ordered for what I thought was the correct breed . Yes , I own a mix breed dog , a Labradoodle , currently being trained as a therapy dog for my special needs child . I , obviously , ordered the wrong size &#34; Italian Basket Muzzle &#34; for my dog . I finally found the time to order a new smaller size , yet to arrive , and asked the seller if I could return the larger one once my new one arrived . Of course , there was no problem in that , just a 20 % restocking fee because I am out of the allotted time . I asked since I am re-ordering from them could they waive this fee ... &#34; NO &#34; was their answer . Honestly , if I had measured by using a numerical measurement -LRB- i.e.
 Following the recommendations of the seller did not save us from getting muzzles that were quite a bit too big.The thin leather straps do not appear to be very durable.I would recommend trying a muzzle on your dog for size to avoid a misfit .
 This is for just one collar . This is not for a complete system , it is for one extra collar .
 I have two cats that started `` protest peeing '' in the carpeted basement of our rental house -LRB- they do n't like the dogs we got -RRB- . I have tried pretty much everything we could think of over the last 6 months or so , including steam cleaning , using hydrogen peroxide/baking soda/vinegar mixes , and using other enzymatic/bacterial cleaning products . I decided to try AIP after the rave reviews and bought 2 gallons initially , then two orders of 4 gallons each . So , to date , I have SOAKED my carpets with a total of 10 GALLONS of AIP -LRB- I did n't even bother with spraying , I just dumped it out of the gallon jugs onto the carpet -RRB- , but it has n't worked . At first when I poured the stuff , it did smell a lot better in the basement , but as soon as we had a warm day or any water was spilled on the carpet , the smell came back full force . Another negative is that the AIP turned the carpet yellow wherever I poured it.Now I 've hired a professional carpet cleaner , and if that does n't work , I have to replace the carpet and pad to the tune of $ 1300 .
 I bought this product upon recommendation from a friend but I have got to say I was very disappointed . I bought the black light from the same company to detect the kitty accidents I could smell and this worked so-so . I do not feel the solution eliminated the urine odor , and in addition , the solution 's odor was then very prominent WITH the urine smell . UGH !! After following all of the directions to a T , I gave up and replaced the carpeting in that room . I also found a new home for that kitty .
 I have had these clippers for over 3 yrs and have had nothing but trouble with them.Not worth the money!They bog down and just wo n't cut .
 when I recive the item , tried to start but It is Not working I will make complaint . bad Item never buy it and do not worst your money
 Ongoing trouble getting blades to stay engaged . the supplier talked me into trying other `` techniques '' until the warranty ran out - the problems continue and supplier says it 's now out of warranty . very poor customer service and unsatisfactory product .
 In the past I 've had occasion to use this Pet Temp . The last time I used it on one of my cats -LRB- a couple of weeks ago -RRB- , the cat 's behavior told me he was sick but the Pet Temp said `` normal . '' I took him to the vet anyway and sure enough he was running a temperature . The Pet Temp has given me so many erroneous readings that I finally decided to buy a real pet thermometer -LRB- just like the one the vet uses -RRB- . The vet remarked that he 's compared the Pet Temp 's readings with the ones generated by his thermometer and he said the Pet Temp is unreliable . That 's good enough for me .
 Absolutely terrible product . The end caps fall off when the dog runs . The volume went out and it costs $ 40 to fix , and they claim to be water resistant but I do not believe them . To turn them on or off you rotate the end cap and they never match up . Buy the tritronics one for $ 100 instead . .
 The stuff is so weak that while I was spraying it my 16 week old puppy started chewing on the spray head ! He seemed to like the taste and it did not even slow him down . In other sites they call this Bitter Buck as you will be `` very bitter that you spent more than a buck ! ''
 The food was fine but the packaging was terrible . The bottom of the bag was taped and when I lifted it , I had 30 # of dog food on muy floor!I sent an email and it was not answered .
 This is what National Pet Pharmacy does to con you into buying a smaller bag at a ridiculous price : I was looking for a 40 pound bag of Science Diet Sensitive Stomach Dog Food . What I found was that the price Petco and others charge on Amazon and what National Pet Pharmacy charges for the bag plus shipping is almost the same . So I figure I 'll save a couple bucks and go with National Pet Pharmacy . What I did n't realize was that they have this little trick where they put their 20 pound bag up at a similar price that other sellers sell their 40 pound bag for . So they price their 20 pound bag -LRB- which they hope people will mistake for a 40 pound bag - like me , haha -RRB- a couple bucks cheaper than the others charge for their 40 pound bag . So when you shop around if you 're not careful you 'll assume they 're the best deal for the 40 pound bag at a price a few bucks cheaper . Then you get the box from them and it 's the 20 pound bag that you realized you paid way too much for . I just sent it back but of course now I 'm out the shipping both ways . So much for the hours spent finding the cheapest dog food online . I 'll just go to J&B ; 's from now on .
 My amazon order was for 1 of Innotek RFA-18-11 6v Alkaline Battery -LSB- ASIN
 I received lithium batteries instead of the alkaline ones I ordered . As directed , I emailed the supplier but they failed to respond . I will therefore refuse my credit card charge .
 I stopped feeding Evanger 's to my German Shepherd . I do not trust their products because the owners have done some very dishonest things and violated FDA manufacturing procedures . Search the internet the info is out there . The company can say whatever they want but I personally feel that if a person is dishonest in one area of their life , then most likely they will be dishonest in all areas . People need to make responsible choices for what their pets eat . It can be inconvenient , but so are vet visits and pet deaths due to poor manufacturing.My GSD did try the Evanger 's lamb and rice and the beef flavor , but did not like it very much.Just an FYI
 I have 7 cats , and not one of them will eat these huge things ! Even if I cut them up , they wo n't eat them . Worst $ 8 I ever spent . If I had realized what these looked like before purchasing , I never would have purchased in the first place . I 'd give them 0 stars , if I could . Not even my one cat who will eat absolutely anything will eat these awful things . Hard for me to believe any cat would if he wo n't !
 First the packing was terrible it opened and spilled all over so when I opened I had powder everywhere . The description says it is tasty , my dog eats everything and she spits these out . I have to crush them since they are so big I ca n't hide them . I really do n't notice a difference in yellow spots they seem to still be there .
 I find Amazon 's descriptions of various pills to be missing a great deal of information . They offer small bottles , and large bottles , at different prices , but what they do n't tell you is that the size of the tablet is different sometimes , so it makes it difficult at best to figure out what the dosing is , or whether one size is the same as what you got previously.To make matters worse , this wafer is substantially larger than the tablets I got in a smaller jar on my last order , yet the dosing recommendation on the jar label is the same . I have to call the company to see what the story is .
 GrassSaver was recommended by a local pet food supply company . This product appeared to work , but after 4 days my border collie got severely ill . She lost her appetite and quit drinking completely . She would n't drink water , chicken broth , or pedialite . The vet would n't say that it was the cause . She only would say it has an extremely large amount of chemicals ; some of which are used to settle the dogs stomach . She stated all of these products have probiotics to help with digestive problems created by the rest of the chemicals in this product . This product is dangerous to border collies , which under normal standards they can eat natural foods such as road kill , but highly chemicalized foods such as dog treats can upset their stomach . This was a good price , except thet $ 230 vet bill that had to be added to save her life.Granulized Gypsum or gypsum can change the PH levels to reduce the acid burn . Dogs are not interested in it , because it has the smell of earth -LRB- dirt -RRB- . Water heavily after adding the gypsum . Cover your lawn area every month to improve the burn spots .
 We have been giving these pills to our dog everyday faithfully for months and we still have yellow spots everywhere in the grass . We keep hoping it works , but I think its time we try something else . We are about to lay $ 400 worth of sod , so I need to find another product to use . This is the SECOND time we have put sod down . So frustrating ...
 GrassSaver was recommended by a local pet food supply company . This product appeared to work , but after 4 days my border collie got severely ill . She lost her appetite and quit drinking completely . She would n't drink water , chicken broth , or pedialite . The vet would n't say that it was the cause . She only would say it has an extremely large amount of chemicals ; some of which are used to settle the dogs stomach . She stated all of these products have probiotics to help with digestive problems created by the rest of the chemicals in this product . This product is dangerous to border collies , which under normal standards they can eat natural foods such as road kill , but highly chemicalized foods such as dog treats can upset their stomach . This was a good price , except thet $ 230 vet bill that had to be added to save her life.Granulized Gypsum or gypsum can change the PH levels to reduce the acid burn . Dogs are not interested in it , because it has the smell of earth -LRB- dirt -RRB- . Water heavily after adding the gypsum . Cover your lawn area every month to improve the burn spots .
 I received this feeding station and then set about putting it together ... Immediately its poor quality became apparent . Using the supplied wrench to screw the legs into the table , 3 of the 8 screw fitting stripped with very little pressure , rendering the supplied screws useless . I ended up using some other screws I had to cobble the thing together -- but it wo n't last long ... Very disappointed !
 In theory it is a great product . Unfortunately when I received it , there was a crack on the top of the item that was very noticeable . Amazon sent me another and the second was in worse shape - two cracks even more noticeable . Amazon says they will be issuing a full refund , but three weeks have passed and I 'm still waiting . It has been an annoying experience .
 this is for 3 small limewood air stones they do n't indicate that this is for small not happy does n't fit my skimmer
 If you look at the box , you expect to receive a box of treats , mini bones , with apple , but what comes is one large femur bone , from a cow ? , in a plastic bag . Do not buy this product unless you own a pack of wolves , because these are the only animals that could tackle and digest such a product . After contacting Amazon , the representative advised that we did receive the correct product - again , a large femur bone covered in some black substance , in a plastic bag .
 I was pleased with the timeliness of my order and the appearance and fit of the collar . What I have found just days after my dog wearing the collar is that the coloring is coming off . I do n't understand that .
 The bed arrived soiled , it is hard and heats to a temperature just slightly warmer than room temperature . Neither my cat nor I were impressed . The icing on the cake is , the wrong packing slip came with the shipment and Petco has yet to reply to my request for help in returning it .
 I bought this product for my dog . She loves to play fetch with objects and I wanted a frisbee like toy that would n't get lost in the snow . Needless to say , we played for this toy for about 30 minutes before it was destroyed . She had bitten a 1 '' hole through one of the corners and the other 2 corners were in poor shape . I 'd be wary of buying this toy if your dog likes to chew anything .
 I bought this for our golden retriever , it flies well , is very lightweight , but very quickly had teethmarks though the material . If doggie does n't use his `` soft mouth '' this toy will be destroyed in no time .
 These containers are advertised to hold 20 lbs of dog food . I purchased two since I really like the idea and have seen an example of them in use , holding the contents of a 20 lbs bag of Nutromax . When the collapable bins arrived , they were half the size of the one I had seen earlier and would in no way have held the bulk of 20 lbs of dog food , maybe 20 lbs of some liquid or sand , something much more dense that the food my dogs eat . Unfortunatly the 40 lbs versions are no longer listed or sold , have they been discontinued ? The good news is that I was able to return them and have settled for a reclosable tin , like the old potato chip tins I grew up with . It is much larger than the 20 pound collapasble bag listed her , but it contains the 20 bls of dog food I desire it to hold .
 Not really sure how 20lbs could fit in this . More ideal for traveling . Not big enough as a storage container for a large dog breed .
 This product does nothing more than stir up the allergens and make the cat give himself another bath . Save your money - just wet a paper towel and rub your feline down with it - it will have the same effect .
 I purchased this for my skittish cat . She did n't really respond to it . My big problem with this product is that it is supposed to last a month , and it was empty in 2 weeks . I was very disappointed , since I really do n't think my cat had a chance to respond to it . I wo n't purchase it again . It 's pretty pricey and it did n't last .
 I switched from my dome style pan w/steps to the Clevercat Top Entry Litterbox to cut down on litter tracking . My older cat is a litter flinger , and my Siamese girl is a bolter , spraying litter everywhere.My Siamese girl LOVED the Top Entry style box , and used it obsessively . However , my older cat is around 15 lbs , and found it difficult to maneuver in . Additionally , my Siamese girl thought that my older cat 's usage of the box turned the contraption into a giant version of a whack-a-mole game , and would ambush him as my older cat used it . This finally resulted in my older cat refusing to poo in the new box , even when I removed the lid and left the box open . That was the last straw for me . It 's back to my old box for me .
 For whatever reason , my 11 year old cat who has never made a mess anywhere outside his litterbox , did not like the introduction of this box . Although he 'll use it for solid waste , he wo n't urinate inside it . SO , after trying out this box and replacing his old standard littler box with the trashcan style , he started urinating on the floor . I brought back his older standard litter box , and he stopped . I do n't know if he 's the only cat to have this reaction , but know that at least one did not want to jump down into a box to urinate in it .
 For the most part , my cat used the box but he did n't like it . Eventually , he decided the floor was better than going through the hole in the top.But , the reason I got this box was for my dog-to keep him out of the litter box . Well , he just learned to stick his head through the hole . When he pulled his head out , the lid would just hang around his neck.It did n't work for us .
 I bought this pan because my cat squats right inside the door to her regular covered litter pan , hangs her bottom over the edge , and pees on the floor . I bought a pan with a high side but she still ca n't keep everything inside . I hoped the Clevercat design would prevent spillover , but Ginger just bypassed the middle step and peed directly on the floor when confronted with this product . I tried it both with the top off and on , and it did n't seem to make any difference . It looked like a good idea , it just did n't work with my cat . FWIW , she 's sixteen years old - a younger cat might take to it more readily .
 I bought this litter box because it was the only one that others said could keep cat poop loving dogs away . Unfortunately , that was n't the case . In addition , almost every time my cat uses it , when he jumps out he knocks it over and we hear a boom ! Needless to say , the cat does n't like that , so he often prefers to use the bathroom floor . Bottom line , I 'm returning the box and going back to a conventional litter box that does n't require the cat to jump in and out .
 I 've had this litter box for a couple of years now , and my 3 cats almost never use it . It 's an interesting idea , but just does n't seem to work .
 Love
 I was so excited about this I did n't even hesitate . -LRB- Or measure -RRB- I ran out bought took it home filled it up and sat and watched . My cats love boxes as they all do . It was n't five mins and my small kitty was in digging a hole and doing his business he is 13lbs he filled the whole box . And then if was my adult male 20lbs and he squished himself in there and tried to find a spot but just could stay it was too much for him . And he has never returned . So great idea but will be going to Lowes and making my own today in a much larger form . Because I stil have a small dog that loves the litter box : - -LRB-
 I have a 14 pound , tall , Main-Coon type cat . She is not overweight , just a big boned kitty that has much longer legs than little domestic kittens . She hates this litter box . I have kept it clean , although it is a pain to take the top off because she gets litter all over it , yet she has pee-peed on top of the box on more than on occasion . My cat has gotten pee and poop on herself using this box because she does n't have room to maneuver inside the box . She has knocked it around as well , not quite tipping it over , but it has been pushed around when she gets out of it . It is just not a practical item , especially for larger cats . Also - you will feel a little foolish for purchasing this item at the price of $ 32 when all you are getting is a plastic bin that you could have bought from office depot for $ 5.00 and cut a hole in the top . Makes more sense than purchasing this `` litter box '' . Do not recommend .
 I changed out my cat 's normal hooded litter box for this one because it looked roomier . My cat refused to use it and ended up developing a FLUTD -LRB- I 'm assuming from stress and not having a comfortable place to urinate -RRB- . It 's a good idea in theory , but probably is not a `` clever '' design from the cat 's point of view .
 So , in theory , this should be the awesomest litter box ever . Except that my cats kept knocking it over or refusing to use it . They just did n't dig the top entry way , a little to weird for them . And it was n't bottom heavy enough , so they kept knocking it over and spilling the litter everywhere .
 I bought this product specifically to cut down on litter tracking , as one of my cats likes to bolt out of the cat pan as fast as possible when done , spraying litter everywhere as she goes . I had been using a dome-style pan with steps , but that did not cut down on the mess , as my other cat is a litter flinger , which put litter onto the steps . That , coupled with my bolter 's habit , meant that litter was being tracked all over my apartment.So , enter the top entry box . My Siamese -LRB- the bolter -RRB- LOVES it , and it has stopped her from bolting . However , my older cat , who is around 15 lbs , finds the design awkward to maneuver around in for starts , and for that reason alone , does not cover his leavings , but just deposits them and leaves . Plus , my Siamese 's now borderline obsession with her new toy means that she thinks of her buddy 's usage of it as being a giant version of a whack-a-mole game , and she waits in ambush of him every time he uses it . This has made him so nervous and crazy that this morning , I found a pile of his poo outside of the box . To solve this problem , I have removed the lid of the box , and so far , he has used it once more to pee , but I could just as well have bought a cheap Rubbermaid tub for this purpose.Even if the box worked as designed , it should be made a little bigger , or come in different sizes , for larger cats , as the hole is too small for big ones to move around in comfortably . Older cats especially can not navigate it easily.Back to the drawing board ...
 I have two cats , the older one is 16 and weighs 16 pounds and the younger one is 10 and weighs 8 pounds . My larger cat was able to use the box but with some difficulty . Because of the amount of effort needed to get in and out of the box , he decided that he would no longer use it after about 2 weeks . Instead , he used a decorative rattan basket in my living room one Sunday morning.On another note , this box was recommended to me in a large chain pet store and I was told that the ribbed lid would catch litter but this just was n't the case . There was litter all over the floor around the box.This might work with a young and/or skinny cat but is not a good idea for an older cat who is set in his ways .
 I have two cats who just love to kick litter everywhere , so I was really hopeful this would solve that problem . However , I think the bad outweighed the good.Pros : - It did reduce litter tracked outside the box-My cats , although they seemed a bit skeptical , got used to the top entry quicklyCons : - Pretty steep price for what is essentially an $ 8 Rubbermaid container with a hole in the cover-It STINKS ! Literally , I had way more catbox odors with this thing . Cleaning the box once a day was not enough to keep my apartment smelling poop-free . - Not as roomy -LRB- length by width -RRB- as I would have liked for my cats , one of which is a good sizeBottom line : I went back to our old regular covered box , which thankfully does not stink , but does require me to sweep the floor more often than I care to.Clevercat needs to revamp . Perhaps some kind of replaceable charcoal filter that could slide under the solid part of the lid ? It might mitigate some of the fumes that so freely and profusely escape through the top opening .
 Seriously . I tried . I REALLY wanted this to work for two reasons . My boy cat refuses to `` squat '' when he pees causing pee to seep out of the side of my top entry litterbox . My girl cat is just flat out a jerk and kicks her litter halfway across the floor . Living in NY in a tiny apt this is far from ideal . The Clevercat Top Entry Litter Box seemed like the perfect solution . I was so excited when it arrived . I had dreams of a litter and pee free floor!At first I kept the old box out as a standby . My cats REFUSED to go near this giant white monster . Infact , my boy cat walked up to it and hissed at it . Not a good sign . I tried putting away the old box leaving some poop in the new box to show them this is where the crap goes . Instead my boy cat ran to a basket I have next to my sofa and peed there . It was two days of pee and crap all over the apartment . Day three I was fed up.So , if anyone wants one , I have a completely unused one sitting in my living room taunting me of what could have been .
 When I saw this product shown on Amazon for the first time , I thought to myself I had to have it . Anyone who owns a cat knows how tedious it is to sweep up the litter every day . I thought the time savings alone would make this product worthwhile . Unfortunately , after 3 months of use , my cat has managed to find a way to spill even MORE litter than before . I am not sure what caused this change in her behavior but she seems to use the litter twice as often as before , and she kicks up more litter with it every time . So in effect , this product has become worthless . This may be remedied with a better design.I like that there are grooves on the top of the litter box , but I think it may need to be grills that allow the litter to fall back into the box . The way it is designed now the litter can accumulate on the lid and then become ineffective . I think that 's what 's happening to my litter box now . My cat uses the litter so often now that the litter on the top is catching all the extraneous litter up to a point , but then becomes oversaturated . I scoop up after my cat once to twice a day , so it 's especially frustrating to me that I spent the money that I did only to find the product has no longer proven to be effective . My experience may be specific to my cat , but I ca n't recommend it .
 I have one cat , and my roommates have a kitten , so between the two of them , there is a lot of litter box ambushing . The kitten plays in the litter box , so I wanted something that would eliminate the need to sweep 1-2 times a day around the litter box -LRB- especially because roommates wo n't do it -RRB- . I did a lot of homework on this , and I decided to give it a shot . I was n't sure if it 'd work because my cat is picky about where he `` goes '' -LRB- after failed toilet training -RRB- , so I lined it in plastic -LRB- before I realized it comes with a complementary liner -RRB- in a test run.The cats refused to use it . They both sniffed it out but decided the floor right in front of it was a better place . Unused , I returned it . In theory , it looks like a good idea , but it did n't work for my kitties .
 Sorry , this was a clever idea but it 's a ` no ' from me . The cats -LRB- I have 3 -RRB- all got used to it very quickly with no problems , but my problem was that because of how it is made -LRB- depth-wise -RRB- and with only the round hold for ventilation on one side , that the urine smell was overpowering in a very short period of time . Again , the concept is great in preventing litter tracked all over your floors , but it needs a better system of ventilation . I 'll take the sweeping over the ammonia smell anyday !
 We 've always been a multiple-cat household , except for brief In Between Cats periods . As such we 've always had multiple litterboxes.We had four litterboxes when we got the two new additions . They were standard litterboxes and the new kittens , well , I do n't know how something so adorable made something that smelled THAT bad , but they just were not cutting it . So I figured I 'd try these Clever Cat ones since everyone raves about them.I got four . I replaced two of our standard boxes with Clever Cats . At first the covers were off.Problems became apparent almost instantly . All my cats are about 10lbs , so they 're not huge , and the kittens were even smaller a few months ago . And they barely fit in these things . I mean , they 're cats , of course they `` fit '' , but it did not look comfortable . And that 's with the tops off.Another problem is cleaning . Because the walls of these boxes are so high , you can only get your scoop in lengthwise . And frankly while it might save on the cats tossing litter all over the place , I was MORE than making up for it when I was cleaning the boxes . Made a HUGE mess since it 's impossible to get the scoop in at a comfortable angle without moving the boxes all over the place.Eventually I replaced all four litterboxes , and had to permanently keep the tops off since the cats refused to use the things otherwise ... and even then one of the cats still refuses to use them , so we have an Out Of Litterbox Experience for the first time.I 've replaced them with standard litterboxes . For me this was a waste of ~ $ 140 since you ca n't really return or resell used litterboxes . Oh well .
 If my cat would like this box , so would I. I read all the positive reviews here . But my Siamese cat screams whenever he has to go . I thought he must have urinary tract infection . But no , he just hates jumping down into this thing . And he is in such a hurry to get out , he does n't cover his stinky poop . -LRB- He does with a regular box . -RRB- Too bad . It 's a great design . It 's my temperamental cat that is the problem , but I ca n't take him back ! -LRB- And I would n't want to . -RRB- .
 Length :
 They are right . This works very well , but you dont need to pay $ 24 for it . My dogs never managed to eat cat poo again after I simply cut a whole in the top of any rubber tub with a lid . Six bucks and youre set !
 My 20 lb cat kept knocking it over ... . not stable from the side at all . Also the grooves in the lid kept getting litter stuck in them ... . I know having litter in the grooves is part of what it 's supposed to do ... but that it would get STUCK there and I had to go after it with a scrub brush almost daily was really not helpful . Between having to right it on a regular basis -LRB- and clean up the litter that spilled out when it tipped to the side -RRB- , and having to scrub the top of it ... it was a hassle . Also scooping it was a pain for me and scooping down to that depth actually bothered my elbow quite a bit ... . so it was literally a pain . I can see where it might work great for some , but a base to stabilize it side-to-side and either an open grid at the top so that the litter could fall through , or a different design on top so the litter did n't stick in the grooves would have made a world of difference .
 Terrible for cats , they need room to move & this box is way too small . Returned mine . It needs a much larger hole in the top , then it might not be so constrictive for kitty .
 I have a cat who is incapable of keeping his pee inside a normal litter box . So I set out to find an extra deep litter box . This box works fine but one of my cats ca n't figure out how to go in through the hole on the top , so I had to take the lid off.Then I found a Sterilite 18-Gallon Tote Box at Walmart for around $ 10 . It comes with a lid , so you can just cut a whole in it yourself and save yourself $ 25 ! I bought it just to have another litter box in the house -LRB- I have 3 cats -RRB- and it works great ! I wish I did n't spend the $ 35 on the first one!This product has a good concept but is a complete rip off !
 My cats would not go in the box . Followed all directions by putting old litter in box and leaving top off . Previous box was the dome which is side entry and my cats just did not want to jump into the box . Returned it .
 Well this litter box did cut down on the amount of litter being spread about the house ... that is one good thing that happened.The problem is it is WAY too small . If your cat has any persnickety litter box habits then I would not recommend it.My one cat decided that she hated the litter box and started peeing all over the house . I had to purchase a new litter box to rectify the peeing situation . Not after much damage was wreaked upon the house though.So buyer beware ... it could lead to upset cats .
 I have two small female cats who have never had any trouble adapting to a new litter box ... until I bought this one . They decided they did n't like it and would rather start peeing in the carpeted corners of my house . We 're going back to the Booda Dome which has been their favorite by far . I gave it two stars because it is a well-made product and would probably work well for those just starting out with a new kitten that might adapt to it more easily if they have n't gotten used to any other type of litter box yet .
 I thought this was an excellent idea , but with two cats and two litter boxes , we only have one cat that will use it .
 My cat hated this . In fact , she hated it so much she decided to use the floor instead . MAJOR FAIL . The reason why I tried this is because my cat would go into a standard litter box , but would sometimes miss . I guess she missed because she 's 20 pounds . I however solved my problem without this product - I just used a giant tupperware . On ONE of the width side , with a saw , I cut an opening about 7 '' from the bottom-this way my cat just walks in the tupperware litter box and walks out , but the rest of the sides of the tupperware is untouched . So there is no need to jump in . So the REST of the tupperware 's sides are extra high - the cat never missed the box ever again-problem solved , and cost me less than $ 6 .
 It was a great idea , but my adult cat is long/tall and was bigger than the litter box . He could not turn around and barely fit through the opening . I think for kittens it would work well because it seems to keep the dog out and track less litter than the Booda which I currently use . I had no problems returning the product thankfully . Did not like the liner it did n't fit well . Wish they would have an extra-large size in the future ...
 I saw this and realized it was just a rubbermaid bin with a hole in the lid . I bought a rubbermaid tub and a cheap rough rug cut to fit the lid for 12 dollars . Cut my own hole in the lid . Took about 10 minutes to make . Save your money , build your own .
 This IS a great idea . Paying this price is not . I accomplished the same thing by buying a sturdy 18-gallon tote on sale and cutting a hole in the lid -LRB- about the size of a dessert plate is good -RRB- .
 Huge waste of money . My cats are still rolling on the floor laughing at me . They sniffed it , looked at it , and then looked at me as if to say `` are you kidding me ? you want me to JUMP up and then JUMP down into a litter box ? Human , you must have been smoking some really bad catnip ! '' I guess this might work if you start with tiny kittens ? But I sincerely doubt that any adult cat would give it a second glance . Better to just put the money in a pile and set it on fire , at least you might get warm for a minute or two .
 I bought this cat litter box because it had great reviews . I live in an small appartment and wanted a litter box that would keep litter from tracking all over the bathroom . I used to have the traditional litter box with a special mat that caught the cat litter as the cat exited the box . The combination of my old litter box and the mat kept cat litter off the bathroom floor and carpet . This litter box does nothing for keeping SMELL down or CAT LITTER off the floor . I would return it , but I no longer have the side labels . It was a complete waste of $ 35 !
 Bought two of these for my two cats because i thought it would solve the problem of litter being kicked out . First off , they were not okay with the lid , so that had to be removed . Then my fat cat just did n't like having to jump in there so he started peeing else where - had to go back to a regular box for him . Basically paid over $ 30 for two regular bins that only one cat will willingly use .
 The cats both LEAP straight out of the box , scattering litter further than before . : -LRB-
 This litter box would have solved so many problems if any one of my 4 cats would have used it . I have a mixture of sizes and breeds of cats -- no one liked it .
 If you want your previously litter-trained cats to start urinating in a chair in the corner of the room and ruin your hardwood floors , buy this product.Our cats hated it . The space was too small for them to climb into . They started peeing on top of the platform , then decided , it was too much trouble . So they found the next best thing
 Unless you clean your litter box twice a day , or if you have multiple cats , this litterbox is not a good choice . Some cats do n't like the confinement and if you have a dominant cat that hovers , he or she might attack the other cat as they go in or come out . The less dominant animal will become frightned . Also , cats like their potties clean and will not -LRB- and should not have to -RRB- jump down into a soiled litterbox that they can not see into . Do some research first .
 This type of litter box would be very hard on cats and their joints . Imagine how hard it would be to jump out of a hole while standing in sand . Now imagine how hard it would be for your cat , especially heavier or older cats . What if you have more than one cat ? I could n't imagine jumping down into a `` toilet '' into another cats waste . Just not a good idea .
 One of my cats did not adapt to this new design despite several days to get used to it . So , I contacted Amazon for an RMA # and was put in touch with the supplier who refused the return though well within the 30 days . Though plastic is easily cleanable and stands up well even to anti-bacterial cleaners , the seller deemed it unreturnable once used . Even though I used a cat pan liner and left all the unattractive advertising stickers that came plastered all over it . No help from Customer Service .
 I wish i would have come up with this idea . It is TOTE with a hole in the top . Get a tote for 10 bucks and cut a hole in it and guess what ... you have the very same product ! If you furry friend does n't like it you out practically nothing .
 I have two cats , one of whom -LRB- a ragdoll -RRB- has very furry paws and constantly flings litter when she walks out of the box . I 've tried large boxes , hooded boxes , litter mats , etc. , and nothing really worked until I got a deep pile throw rug to put under the box . Now when she steps out she has to walk two feet across this rug , and 99 % of the litter gets trapped , and does n't get tracked all over the house.This box , on the other hand , seems like just another gimmick , and a very bad idea for cats . Cats should n't have to contort themselves to jump down into their litterbox , and especially for older cats , this can be difficult and may encourage them to go to the bathroom elsewhere . Also , this box is simply not big enough for the average-sized cat to do it 's business and not step in it when it 's done.Overall , a very bad idea .
 Well , i am in the market for an innovative cat box , and saw this one , however the review talks about how well it will clean your dogs teeth . i am not sure if the dog chews on the plastic while the cat uses the box , but it was not helpful for me deciding whether i liked it or not .
 This litter box did n't work for me . After about 2 minutes of sniffing around , my cat put her paws on top of the box , which immediately caused it to tip over -- it 's not very stable and it 's top heavy , so it did n't take much . Also , since the top does n't really latch on , the litter went everywhere.In theory this could be a good product , but the Clevercat people have some refinement to do .
 I bought this as a 2nd choice because the box that I wanted was not in stock at the pet store . It 's nice in that a lot of litter does n't spill out BUT once I put the top on they peed and pooped on the top and not in the box . Plus you can only have a little litter in the box or they ca n't get in the hole , so you 're filling up every few days , which is hard on the back . The big cats need lots of room to maneuver and this does n't have it . The one I plan to go back and get is a larger style front opening litter box that has a plastic door over the opening much like a hole in the door for a dog . It was the same price as this and this is not worth the price . Now it might be okay if you had a small kitten and trained it from the get-go .
 I bought two of these for my 5 cats . They hated it because they had to crawl inside and then stick their head out before they could go . Instead of going in the box they went on the floor so I took the lid off and now 3 of 5 will use it . The walls are also too high for them to use comfortably . I finally bought a large box with a low end at one side and also a breeze box . They pee in the breeze box and poo in the other box with crystals . -LRB- highly recommend Tidy Cat crystals and their breeze box ! -RRB-
 i know , i like this idea too , but my cat would not go near it . i brought it home and left it empty in the living room for a couple days so my skittish cat could investigate , get used to it . he did n't want to have anything to do with it . i then put litter in it -LRB- with a poor fitting litter bag -RRB- , took his old litter box away and put the clevercat in it 's palce . he would not use the clevercat and i had to put the old litter box back in place .
 I really like the concept of this cat litter . High sides to keep everything in and fairly easy to clean . However , it ultimately comes down to your cat . I have two cats , one cat would use it and the other cat would not and decided to pee outside of the box . I also experimented with a typical open kitty litter box and the Clevercat and about 95 % of the time the cats would use the open litter box . I really wish they had liked it but after a couple months of trying , the two Clevercat litter boxes are now up for adoption .
 I just received my extend-a-seat & was eager to try it out . I have a 120lb Mastiff & take him everywhere with me , so I was looking for soemthing to make his travels in my coupe car more comfy for him.I saw other inflatable seats but went with this choice strictly because of thr lower price -LRB- the inflatable ones are about $ 70 opposed to this $ 30 one -RRB- . I tested it out on a quick trip to the post office , here 's what I found.Pro 's : - Installation was VERY easy-seems like a durable fabric-price is rightCon 's : - difficult to maneuver around if you own a 2 door car-did not hold my dogs weight at all , took less than 5 mins for him to crash thru this productI would only recommend this product for a 4 door car & a dog that weighs less than 50lbs , the pic of the lab on this is very deceiving.I will be trying the more expensive inflatable seat extender , shortly so wait for a review on that , too !
 In less than a week my Labrador ended up breaking one of the cheap thin panels . Great concept . It needs higher quality , more durable , stronger panels . Stop the deceptive advertising showing a big Labrador dog on the panel .
 My 55lb lab cracked two of the three panels within two weeks of owning this product . It is cheaply made but I guess you get what you pay for . Additionally , as many others have already stated , the middle section that is supposed to block the dog from gaining access to the front seat does n't work and the advertised image is false unless of course your dog is doing just that , sitting 85of his/her weight on your car 's seat and 15on the extend a seat . Total garbage ! Purchase only if you have dogs UNDER 55 pounds .
 The concept is good because we were looking for something like this . I do n't know that it stays in place very well ; tends to slide down a little . It 's made well otherwise and the straps and buckles are sturdy .
 The comb fits alright , but I find that it frequently gets tangled in the thick , curly fur of my dog -LRB- cocker/terrier -RRB- . Bought it for the Oster A5 . I find the clipper works much better without the comb . Part of the problem may be that I have the # 10 wide blade on my clipper , and the comb is made for the # 10 regular width blade .
 Do n't waste your time or money does not work at all . I felt like this product did not deserve 1 star . I 've given every review a fair rating and this is what this got .
 The cat scratchers are great products , but I have to severely downrate them because the picture is NOT the product you get . The picture shows the SuperScratcher + , which is a double-wide version of the product . As the dimensions in the text show , this is not the double-wide version . Only buy this product if you expect the dimensions in the text . You will be as dissapointed as I was if you go by what you see in the picture .
 My dog is not interested in this product at all . In fact , he seems to hate it . I go outside and spray the area of the grass , come back in and take the dog to the area ; after the his first sniff of the area he immediately wants to run away from it . I have given it several tries with no luck . However , it could easily just be my dog . We adopted him recently and there are very few things that do n't make him nervous , so I 'm not surprised he seems to be afraid of/hates this product . I hope it works for some people , but unfortunately it does n't work for me : -LRB-
 I tried to get my dog to use the puppy pad easier by using this , but he actually was afraid of the smell and peed right next to the puppy pad . What worked is actually spraying lavender on the puppy pad and he went right away on it . Go for the all natural solutions and save your money .
 It did not work at all . I used it for a week . My dog was not attracted to it at all . Infact my puppy lick it .
 This item does not work . My dog was not attracted to the scent to go potty on a puppy pad.Very disappointed .
 Tried and tried this stuff but the dogs just wo n't go ` there ' . They did n't seem to like the smell and stay away from it !
 I purchased this item and tried it with my 7 month old pug . He did not pay any attention to it at all , Then I tried skip to my loo also purchased from Amazon , and my puppy smelled it and went to the bathroom in that spot . I use it a few times a day trying to train him on a new spot to use the restroom and it seems to be working very well .
 Once sprayed my dog would not even go near the area . She acted like is `` stunk '' to her . Does not mean product does not work but for my particular dog I had NO Luck .
 May work for some dogs but not mine.I own a Chihuahua , btw.I sprayed her pad area . She sniffed but it did n't really help her to go in a specific spot.I ended up training her without it.I do think you 'd be better off buying a house-breaking or puppy manual book.I just : - Was attentive and patient . If you ca n't watch the dog then you wo n't be able to correct it . How then will the dog be trained ? - Put her in her spot and give her treats/praise profusely when she goes in the right area . My ` Mimi Rose ' learns very quickly when treats are involved . She learned how to ` sit ' in a single 20-minute session ! No joke.Positive reinforcement always works . - Verbally corrected when I saw her do her business in the wrong spot . Do n't scream at or hit the dog . Just say , ` No ' in a firm voice and/or clap your hands . - Cleaned the soiling spots with vinegar to remove scent . - Placed her on a feeding/water schedule until she was housebroken . She eats 3 times a day . Her dinner is at 8pm . Her bedtime is at 11 pm . - Implemented crate-training and fenced her off in ` play areas ' . An untrained dog has NO business having free run of the house.She got it before long.My pup still runs towards me when she does her business in the correct spot expecting a treat .
 i have a yorkie . notoriously known for being difficult to house break . this product did nothing for my puppy . wherever i sprayed it just made him want to lay in the spot but pee everywhere else .
 I tried multiple times . Does not work as stated . Works for older dogs that need to be trained but the idea is flawed . They will go where you spray it , but will go everywhere else too . It really depends on the dog/puppy . May or may not work . Worth a try .
 This product is a wasre of money . It does n't work at all as a matter of fact we feel that it does just the opposite of what it is supposed to do .
 This product seems useless for its intended purpose . My dog has not peed anywhere near it . She does lick up the spray whenever I spray it someplace . Save your money for carpet cleaner .
 did n't work . my yorkie sniffed it a bit but it did n't que her to go on the pad ... waste of money
 I bought this when I bought the fake grass potty pad thingy . I used it to entice my dog to use the puppy pad during the rainy season . Where ever I sprayed it he would sniff it and move on . Did n't work for my boy . '
 I have a toy poodle who is hit and miss with his wee-wee pads . So , I thought that if I used this spray , it would attract him and give us more hits and lessen the misses and messes on the carpet . Unfortunately however , this spray made no difference at all -- not even after applying more and more of the solution . So , its back to the pet store -- which has a great return policy . Amazingly , what I have found even more effective than the wee-wee pads is just plain newspaper . Go figure .
 Our new tween-aged dog ignored it completely . we even poured out a large puddle of this and she tried to drink it . not exactly the intended result . save your money and get a book . or just get someone else 's dog to visit your yard .
 I wish I thought of this scam a long time ago . It simply DOES NOT WORK !!! Do n't waste your time or money !!!
 I bought this for my new puppy , be he just ignored the sprayed area . One of my cats , which knew how to use litter already , ended up peeing on the sprayed doggie pee pad . I think it really depends on pets = /
 I bought this after a friend of mine said it works wonders for her puppy . I sprayed it on the pee pads and the dog when everywhere but on the pads . My friend said it works for her . So it might work or it might not . Didnt for my puppy .
 This did not work for our 4 month old yorkie puppy ... Waste of money . . I tried many time over a period of 3 weeks . . no way will the puppy pee where I wanted him to .
 Bought this for my 11 week old scottie , she just started barking everywhere I sprayed it ! She went mad ! Barks at the puppy mat , turns around and pees on the floor . Waste of money , might keep it incase she starts to chew something , then spray it on that !!
 Works about as well as the Potty Patch - do n't waste your money.Might work for a young puppy , my adult dogs paid no attention to it .
 used to help pottie train my puppies on the pee pads but they did n't seem like the spray did any good I would not buy again
 Our puppy thinks this is an interesting smell and all , but it does not encourage her to use the bathroom there . We bought this with an indoor fake grass mat thing , and she is too afraid of both of them to use it -LRB- she was originally trained to use only outdoors -RRB- . Oh well ! Worth a try .
 I carefully followed the instructions and every time ended with the same result -LRB- failed -RRB- , my then a 11 weeks old Siberian Husky used the facilities everywhere but where I sprayed . I did it old school , took her out every 10 , 20 30 , 40 , 50 , 60 minutes and increasing the time slowly and pricing her every time she did it outside , she is now a pro with no accidents so far .
 Does not work , at lease with my pit bull . Would not recommend this product to an enemy . My puppy likes to lick it up . This product was very disappointing .
 We 're trying to potty pad train our 4mo old yorkie . I sprayed the potty pad with the stuff and he could n't have cared less ! He never responded to it and to this day we still cant get him to use the bathroom in the right spot . We found some potty pads with extra pheremone on them at Petsmart . He responded to them by freaking out and ripping them to shreds ... main point is ... it works for some and doesnt work for some ... if you have the $ 10 to waste if it doesnt work ... by all means , see if it will at least work for you ... good luck !
 I have a 8lb . mini dachshund and I have been trying to train him to be an inside dog and I have not noticed any improvement from this product .
 No me han entregado a&uacute;n el producto ni hay el ID tracking para poder rastrear y ya me cobraron de la tarjeta de cr&eacute;dito
 Did not work at all . It was sent all the way from a pet store in England . I used it three times then threw it away .
 It worked the first few times I used it to get my pup to pee in the mulch bed instead of on the lawn , but now it seems to have no affect and she is back to the lawn .
 The title should explain it all . Of anything I ever got for my puppy this and the potty pad are two of my biggest regrets . Useless and unnecessary . Never saw this spray work once ... going to have to stuff it my purse and use it as a pepper spray substitute just to stretch my dollar .
 These should say they are womens ' pantylines . Because that is ALL they are , and cheap thin ones at that . Save your money .
 Like the previous poster mentioned , these are glorified pantyliners . They do n't hold urine very well at all . I use regular nighttime maxis for my doggie diapers now , and they work perfectly and keep the urine from soaking through to the diaper.Save your money and spend it on normal overnight maxis .
 These are a total waste of money . I have a little dog who likes to mark in the house , so I bought the small male dog diaper and these liners from Simple Solutions . The liners are so small that you 'd need x-ray vision to get them lined up right when your dog wears the diaper . I do n't , so the fabric got wet , and totally defeated the purpose of having liners . I ended up using two at a time just to use them up . I ca n't imagine what would happen if someone whose dog wears bigger than a small diaper tried to use these . Ugh . My advice ? Go on eBay and see how many people are out there making and selling male dog belly wraps that do n't need liners . You can get several for the price of one Simple Solution male dog diaper and they 're custom made !
 I felt like a total idiot when I opened this package . The diaper liners look like regular panty liners you can buy in the feminine hygiene department of any store for $ 1 . I am not really disappointed with the product itself , more so with myself for not realizing this before paying almost $ 10 dollars for this item .
 I used this for my 15yr old lab Bailey who has since left me sadly in October of 2011 . This was the best thing I came across to use for his little drip issue we were having . I just remodeled and I wanted to be comfortable and I wanted him to be comfortable as well . Bailey knew he had an issue as he tried constantly to clean up after himself , I started using this and he was so much happier ! Now a few pointers !! The pads are not worth the money !! They are not very absorbent , They do not stick well at all and if they get a tad damp forget it they fall off , they crunch up in the wrap making them useless and more expensive the female products soooooo ... I used Poise Ultra Absorbent people pads inside and they were fantastic VS the Simple Solutions pads which sadly were terrible and a total waste of money . Simple Solution pads are just over priced expensive Kotex pads that could not handle the amount of urine that can occur unlike the Poise pads , remember this is what Poise pads are used for . You should get the ones that fit how much you dog drips so it may take some experimenting my dog was large so mine were the most absorbent I could get . Great thing is you can get them in-store and on sale almost anywhere!I bought baby wipes to wipe him down and keep him clean , remember it is the same concept as a baby wearing a diaper and sitting in it , I did n't want to risk any infection . No alcohol!Make sure you measure your dog , to tight can cause a lot of chafing !! Mine was the right size but I ended up sewing micro-fiber cloth on the elastic part where the material scrunched up as this was causing chafing behind his manly area . He was not use to anything rubbing his skin in that area and the material is pretty stiff . I had to leave it off till it healed and sadly I never had the chance to see if the microfiber would have relieved the problem . Make sure you check your dog to make sure this is not occurring due to some dogs have a higher tolerance to pain . It would be great if they could use a softer material in the elastic area . I wish they were a tad cheaper in price , I did purchase one at Petsmart and the other on Ebay for a fraction of the cost , if you do n't mind used -LRB- they are washed !! -RRB- it 's a deal ! I would recommend but def do some shopping as they are not cheap !
 These liners are only good for a small piddling . Anything more than a few drops and your doggie diaper is soaked and needs to be washed and replaced .
 These hardly absorb any liquid at all . Much cheaper to buy women 's hygiene products at a supermarket and use them for the dog . Do n't waste your money on these .
 There are problems with these liners because they do not stick to the mesh of the wrap-around diaper . They fall off every easily even when they are dry . You are better off buying cheap panty-liners from your drug store . I got a package of 20 + for $ .99 and they adhere much better to the wrap-around diaper mesh and even absorb much better . Panty-liner are the `` simple solution '' you can find . The wrap around diapers are really good but do n't bother buying the very expensive Simple Solution Disposable Liners . They are way over priced and not as effective as inexpensive panty liners .
 I certainly like the idea of this product , and the word `` instant '' had me excited , but it works exactly as well as spraying your yard with food coloring . Yes , it makes the yellow spots green . But unfortunately it 's not a shade of green found in nature . The startlingly bright green spots wo n't bug you for long , however , because once the stuff absorbs into the dead grass , it turns back to being brown within a couple of hours . Not sure if it actually corrects the PH of the ground . I 'd think just a good rainfall or watering would dilute the urine enough . If you follow the dog around with the sprayer , it may work phenomenally .
 I bought this off wag.com , if you are looking for something that `` instantly '' or at all covers discoloration in your lawn DO NOT BUY THIS , PERIOD . It covers nothing and the color that initially comes out is n't even green . Does not work at All .
 Product arrived in a timely fashion and packaged well . After several weeks of use ... really does n't work . Followed directions but honestly your money is best spent on alternative products .
 I purchased this product with high hopes , but it does nothing more than color the grass a neon green . Once that washes away , you still have a dead grass patch.Waste of Money .
 It runs out after the first week and it is a huge pain to bend over and try and spray all the lawn spots we have . I would not waste your money on this stuff and get the seed repair products that grow grass back .
 I bought this product primarily to make the brown spots in my lawn -LRB- due to female dog urine -RRB- appear green . Well , I applied the product today and , even after shaking the bottle well and trying a few different times , the liquid inside did nothing but wet the brown spots with a liquid that made the brown spots little more than wet and almost clear , with the very , very slightest transparent tinge of green . In frustration , and to see if the product had somehow settled during shipping , I shook it again , took the spray attachment off , and POURED the liquid onto a brown patch . Again , nothing.Now , it may be that the product works well in a non-cosmetic sense -LRB- neutralizing the acids in the urine that has soaked into the lawn , etc. -RRB- , but it is worthless and wholly ineffective as a colorant . For all the color I got , I may as well have just sprayed the brown spots with a garden hose . There are other , better products out there than this one , if you are trying to make those brown patches some shade of green .
 Hoped that the product would revitalize areas in my lawn that were brown due to pet urine ; used directly after , and used after it had been there awhile , will not purchase again or recommend .
 It makes the brown spots look slightly better , but we have so many that there is n't enough in the bottle to get them all . You have to spray pretty generously to cover one spot . I do n't think I will buy it again . I need to try to get my dog to pee off of the lawn or get a boy dog -LRB- kidding -RRB- . I do n't think there is an easy solution .
 It 's hard to spray evenly and the green color is fake-looking . It does make the grass look better than having big brown spots , but not much !
 After shampooing my cat pee smelling carpet with another product , the carpet still reeked of cat pee . So , I saturated the carpet with Simple Solutions , let it sit for 15 minutes , then used a carpet shampooer to clean the carpet . The carpet still smells of cat pee ! What a waste of money !
 I echo the same sentiment as other reviewers - the liners do NOT fit the box!You have to stretch out the liners to get them to fit over the Clevercat box rim . But they are so flimsy that they often rip in the process.It is true that the company changed their liners and they are now flimsy and no longer fit the box . I spend 10 minutes everytime trying to wrestle it into the right position , only to have it get messed up each time my cat uses the box.Why oh why did Clevercat change their liners?To make a bigger profit . The bags are now of poor , thin quality , and they charge more for them.I do n't mind paying more money for quality liners . The liners are a great idea ! But these liners are horrible.Do yourself a favor and buy some white trash bags instead . You can tape down the bags in the box as you like - that 's what I 'm having to do with these poorly fitting Clevercat liners anyway !
 My kitty is not really much of a scratcher/digger when it comes to his box but these liners must be paper thin . Kitty scratches right through them and in order to remove the bag from the box I need to place it in another liner or my floor will be full of used litter . Not very cost effective . Regular trash bags work better and are cheaper .
 I have been using the Clevercat litter box for almost 2 years now . When I first started I really liked the box and the liners . However , within the last year the liners have gotten worse . The last time I purchased them -LRB- I buy 3 - 4 boxes of liners at a time -RRB- I noticed that the package had changed and how the bags were dispensed from the package had changed -LRB- the liners are now attached to each other in a roll -RRB- . This normally would not be an issue except that the quality of the liners has also changed , and definitely for the worse . The liners are now thinner and do not fit the litter box well . As I have been using the litter box and liners for well over a year , I was pretty good at getting everything fitted together and the lid on without a problem . However , now I am constantly struggling to get the bag in place and our cat is constantly shredding the liners and pulling the liner out from the lid and down in to the litter box . I plan on trying the garbage bag idea that I have read about on some other reviews . I think the garbage bags also wo n't have the weird `` pockets '' along the seam which make scooping much harder than it should be.I do still love the litter box and our cat seems to like it too . The box is well designed to keep litter off of our floor and also is great if you happen to have a dog that likes to look for `` treats '' in the litter box .
 tears after a few times , even when I 'm trying to be careful . The Clevercat Top Entry box is great , but because the sides are rounded not squared , the scooper has a tendency to rip the liner . -LRB- I do n't think that would happen if the box were not curved -RRB- . If you really prefer using a liner , then you 'll need to find a special scooper designed for use with liners . Using your normal scooper will not work well .
 I SO wish there was a way to make liners without the folds at the bottom ! It 's nearly impossible for me to scoop the clumped litter out of the ends of the litterbox ; the only place my cat pees . Frustrating . I end up putting less litter in and tossing the whole batch once a week = pricey liners . I did try the trash bags instead , as another reviewer mentioned , but did n't have much success there , either . I need this style of litterbox , so I 'm willing to stick it out , but I wish the manufacturer would improve this design .
 They are too short and very flimsy ... i have to use standard trash bags for my top loading litter box . I used to be able to buy the liners at Petsmart that worked but they do not carry them anymore either .
 I bought two Clever Cat litter boxes , that came with sample liners . I placed on order for a pack of replacement liners in my cart - when I went to place the order , I found that the price had gone up in a couple of months . That 's a good thing because : The Clever Cat bags do n't fit the Clever Cat boxes very well
 The clever cat litter box is VERY clever . The liners , however , are another matter . First of all , once you put the litter in the box it barely goes over the top edge so I have to hold the liner in place while putting the lid on . The liners need to be a little bigger . Second of all , they shred very easily so you need to use at least 2 at a time . Third , people said previously that using regular garbage bags was a better idea because they are cheaper , stronger and fit better . They are absolutely right . I stupidly bought 3 boxes of these so I had to keep using them until they were gone . What a waste of money and plastic . I have also decided to use regular black garbage bags that fit much better and do the job better overall . Plus I do n't need to order them online because fourth , you ca n't find these liners in stores not even the ones who sell the clever cat litter box .
 I purchased the top entry litter box to cut down on litter being kicked out on the floor but am disappointed with the fit of these liners and the cost . They sag and come loose when litter is added . I feel stuck using these overpriced bags since they are the only option for the top entry litter box . How can they justify charging so much for a plastic bag .
 Bummer I havent found a better bag for my clever cat box . These are short and just barely fit the box . So , of course , the cat catches his claws on them and always rips it enough for litter to pass through . Not once have I been able to empty the box without a mess under the bag . I think if they were really CLEVER , the would have thought of a bag that left some space after the litter was put in .
 Clevercat must have changed their manufacturing process of bags - they used to be very durable and fit the box well . But now the bags are much thinner -LRB- cats scratch through easily -RRB- and the bag does n't even fit in the box . I bought a bunch on sale a while back and I regret the purchase . I 'll use the other suggestions here to use regular garbage bags.Sad the manufacturer let this happen .
 Others have said it well
 I just bought the litter box but have n't let my cat try it out yet , as liner does n't fit ! The Clevercat litter box itself seems great -- with a male cat who does n't care where he goes , the high walls and top entrance are a great idea.Why does n't the liner itself fit the box ?!? Really ? What was the company who makes this product thinkin ? `` Why even use a liner at this rate ? '' Gee , thanks , you come clean my cat 's box!Grr!I 'll be trying what others suggested -- using garbage can liners .
 We have 3 feeders in our backyard , this feeder is always full . The other two will be empty within a couple days , and the birds will only eat from this if it is the only option . Not sure what they do not like .
 I do n't know why Amazon deleted my previous comments linking to this article which would be helpful for people who are allergic to cats : Cat Allergy Vaccine Safe and Effective , Study Suggests -LSB- ... -RSB- It is another option instead of putting chemicals on the cat which may not be healthy for it .
 I will not buy this product again , just did not get the job done , I will find another product that works better , smell still there . Poor product .
 We used the UV light by simple solution to find where the cat urinated in the car . We followed the instructions for the stain and odor remover , but it simply did not remove the stain , nor did it remove the odor . Tried another application 2 days later , and after another few days the car still smelled awful and the stain was still there . For us the product was a total waste of money .
 the recording device was easy to use . the ball itself seems pretty well made . however , my 4 cats did NOT like this toy . at first , the hole where the treats fall out of looks too big and i thought the treats would fall out too easy . i was wrong . because of the recording device in it the treats dont fall out easily at all . my cats are trying to get teh treats out and they wont come out ! so they all pretty much gave up . i even tried to use smaller treats but they are really hard to get out . i had to pick it up and shake the ball to get one treat out . maybe my cats are too lazy but i doubt it . when it comes to food they are reallly persistant . i think the problem is that the ball doesnt roll easy because of the recorder . the recorder piece that snaps into the ball makes the weight of the ball fall onto one side making the treats harder to get out . its just one more toy to add to my cats bag that they never play with .
 We purchased this product believing that it would stop our dogs from destroying their box . However , nothing changed . `` It 's biz as usual '' for them : -RRB-
 Bought this to stop a four month old border collie puppy from chewing on wires and furniture . It worked at first , but my puppy quickly began to ignore it and kept on chewing , even after repeat applications . I guess if he was n't teething and determined to chew on everything to relieve the discomfort it might work .
 I ordered 3cc syringes without needle . I received 3ml syringes without needle . It was important to get the 3cc because I needed to measure correctly for medication for my cat . They say 3cc is the same as 3ml but it depends on the liquid you are measuring . I DID NOT ORDER MLS I COULD HAVE GOTTEN THEM ANYWHERE . I WANTED 3CC . tHE PICTURE THE SELLER SHOWS IS 3CCS BUT THEY ARE NOT CC VERY DISAPPOINTING .
 I purchased the 24x27-40 `` WIt expands to only 37 inches wide , not 40 '' as stated.Very hard to set up as the controls you need to use are extremely stiff.I 'm truly sorry I bought this .
 It is big , it is wide , it is cheap - in price and construction . It gets the job done , but one of the notches to latch the gate down has already completely broken off . This means it wo n't stay at that width , and considering the width of the doorway is pretty constant , means that it wo n't hold well to the doorway opening anymore . I plan to put a bolt or a screw through it to replace the broken piece of wood , but I am not very hopeful that the wood will hold up to that either .
 This works in theory but the latch to lock it in place is ill-conceived - a person could break a finger trying to get in on and off . maybe the Four paws one is the one I was thinking of ...
 In the picture of this product , it appears to look at least somewhat stable . When I used the product , it did not stay in place ; the rubber points at each end of the gate that are supposed to secure it between the wall do not stay . My 3 month old yorkie who is less than 3lbs . was able to push the gate over . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ; it is JUNK !!!
 I was very dissapointedI thought this would be more than one syringe for the price.amazed that one syringe cost 5.99 when you could get 100 for 10.00 . shop around and find a better deal .
 I placed this order on the 20th . Since they said this item was in stock , I expected it would ship promptly . Today is the 23d , and it has n't shipped yet , and no info as to why not .
 My dog has taken Pet TAbs all her life and is 12 years old . I think they have helped her over the years ; however , this bottle is very different and they do not have the appropriate color ; they are hard ; they seem old . She will not eat them . I think I should have received a refund .
 After reading all the reviews , I was very hopeful this product would help my Boston Terrier 's , ummm , flatulance that runs me out of the room . I noticed some reviews talked about insatiable appitites being supressed , a decrease in hair loss as well as less `` stinkyness '' - which my Boston has all these lovely qualities . I have doubled the dose in hopes of this enzyme working and I have n't has ANY luck as others have . I 'm very happy other pet owners have found this product to be a great supplement-I guess my search continues : - -LRB-
 i have a large husky 65b , and I bought the large one , I got it for 3 days only and the rope is stuck , do n't get it so bad buying this one its like throwing your money on the street >
 It worked great for a month and a half , and then it just snapped where the tether attached to the latch . It 's supposed to hold a dog up to 110 lbs , and ours is only around 70 lbs . Of course , it broke just after I could get a refund .
 A shop in my neighborhood has these treats and my Boston Terrier goes crazy for them . But after the Melamine-Chinese dog food scandal of 2007 , I will not buy any food products -LRB- human or pet -RRB- from China . Its crazy that they do n't put the origin on the listing . Seller ?
 I gave it away to a neighbor ... his dog ate them ; based upon his pup , it would get 2.5 stars but not mine
 I do n't know if this brand it effective against fleas since my cat keeps scratching and it is hard to see fleas on black cat . The one thing I hate about this product that my cat licks himself after being powdered , and then vomits the powder . When I tried to powder his bed , he refused to sleep in it . Generally , the product smells nice , and it is natural , but I do n't have much use of it .
 I purchased this because Ive been supplementing my dog 's diet with coconut oil & thought this might be a good way to change it up . The stuff smells horrible . Like horrible horrible . But the worst part was when my poor dog woke up with hives and a super swollen face . She had a terrible allergic reaction to the Salmon Oil which required an emergency trip to the vet . The poor pooch looked like Mike Tyson . She got a couple of shots and is now sleeping it off , but wow -- I would never have guessed something so innocuous could have lead to such a reaction . Goes to show you-stick with what works .
 I specifically ordered these because I wanted the pump top . It does not come with it ! I like the product , have been using it for over a year , but I wanted the pump top for easy measuring . Item is not as pictured !
 This was supposed to come with a pump top for easy measuring . It does not . Also my dogs have not touched their food so I assume they do not like it .
 Update 8/11 : I forgot to update my review . What I started to notice on this bottle is that even though I stopped using it , it would still leak . I bought a pump bottle and was using that one and saved this one to refill the newer bottle when it emptied . A month later , I noticed that there was oil all over the bottom of the lid and the bottle top , down the bottle and onto the cabinet . So I carefully cleaned inside and outside the lid , outside the bottle , and my cabinet . A few weeks later , there was oil everywhere again . Weirdest thing and a complete mess . I was going to say that I am not an engineer so I do n't get it . Ha ! I am one , just not that kind of an engineer . : - / ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ This does work to help aid with dry skin . However , because it has no pump top , it is messy pouring it out of the little hole at the top . The oil ends up all over the top that surrounds its hole . I also tried to pour it with the lid twisted completely off , but ended up with the same result . No matter which angle I try , it is just a mess , and a smelly one at that . I guess that is why most brands have a pump top .
 These treats can create a very serious problem . I just opened the new bag I bought from Amazon and gave one to each of my three dogs and TWO OF THEM GOT THEM STUCK IN THEIR THROATS . Both were choking and both had to have them pried out of their mouths by my husband and I. Very scary . I have thrown them out . I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE BUY THESE . Based on their shape , size and the fact that when they get wet they get sticky , they can choke your dog . DO N'T BUY THESE . PERIOD .
 Usually my dog will eat anything you give her , including vegetables and weird fruit but she found no reason to eat these , they do n't smell or taste like peanut butter , yes I tasted them myself after she would not eat them , and instead they taste very sour . However I crush them and mix it with real peanut butter and then she will eat it but since I have to put in the extra effort I only gave it two stars .
 They may be good , I really do n't know because I guess my dog found the taste unpleasing , and would not eat them .
 One of my Westies has coprophagia and apparently the peanut butter flavor did not digest . Trouble !! My other Westie is a picky eater and will have nothing to do with the biscuit . All is not lost , my son 's Westie needs them and loves them . They may be the right thing for some dogs , but not for my crazy dogs .
 ... YUCK ! GROSS ! We are NOT eating that !! Are you trying to poison us ?! I say ... One of my cats is very picky , but the other will usually eat almost anything . But not this . Even mixing it in tuna did not trick them.My sister 's dog enjoyed it , so it did n't go to waste.Talk it over with kitty before you order this !! I wish I had !
 WE had great expectations for this Alaska salmon oil product - but alas , this is not for our 2 cats.Salmon , in treats , food and rewards is their favorite taste and we feed them salmon treats for rewards with great success . Do n't know what 's wrong here and I ca n't say anything is for sure.It 's just strange that our salmon loving cats do n't even touch this stuff in any presentation.If we should ever feed them chunks of tire rubber , they would walk away - but eventully come backto nosh within an hour . This is their behavior and we know it well . But they will leave this stufffor hours until we remove it from their bowls . Maybe we should call the company and find out why !
 I bought these to use with a feeding tube , but the image shows a normal syringe type end , but it 's not . It 's a feeding syringe , so they are bigger than I had hoped for and they wo n't fit on my tube .
 My daughter has a gtube . We used to order these syringes . However , the last two times we ordered they sent a cheap alternative to the syringe pictured . I sent back two different cases trying to explain that the cheap versions do not work . The seller got very uppity and finally refused to help us . I am now scrambling and struggling to find the correct one.You must make sure that these are the syringes in the hard pack with a gray plunger . The only ones long enough to work with a gtube . The ones in the peel pack -LRB- which they are now sending in replacement for the pictured syringe -RRB- have a tip too short to use , and the plunger will break after a couple of uses.I am not sure why kv pet has switched suppliers or sellers , but they do not come from kv pet any more . It is maddening when you go into your account history to reorder the same product you have ordered for years , and they switch you to a different supplier without your knowledge . The new suppliers could care less if you are a long term customer or not , and ship you the cheapest product while still charging you the premium price you used to order the good syringes.Oh and complaining gets the door slammed in your face.Here is hoping they will come back to being pro-customer instead of pro-money .
 As another reviewer said , the product pictured is not what you receive when ordering from Direct Care Store . The syringes come in a pull peel pack and the tips are too short to use with feline feeding tubes -LRB- there is a locking mechanism that makes the tube too small -RRB- . In the process of returning , if problematic will update this review.Update
 The item came in the mail sloppily packaged and it was all downhill from there . The picture looks great but the reality is something different . The cage is flimsy and does not hold together . I know you love ordering from the web , but you are better off trekking to a pet store and buying a cage from there .
 My 2 cats do n't seem to like this grooming tool . When I use it alone they squirm or run away . If I go back to the old fashioned brush and then use the glove in the other hand to do loose hair clean up then they are ok with it .
 This cage is not for the regular size hamster at all . This cage is meant for mice . My hamster can not slide down the slide or fit in the nesting space .
 The title of this product states `` Brand New Hamster Rodent Gerbil Mouse Mice Critter Cage '' . When I think I 'm getting a `` brand new '' product , I expect it to come in a factory box with illustrations and maybe a manual . Not the case . I 'll I got was a disassembled cage in a post office box . Not only that , but the cage was sticking out of the shipping box because it did n't fit , and there was n't any paperwork with the product . I know it does n't take much skill to assemble the cage , but you 'd think it would come with something . For all I know this is a second hand cage that they jammed in a box and shipped it off . I bought this for a gift for my niece and I 'm embarrassed to give it to her . I 'd say buy something else .
 cute looking but sadly a choking hazard , Puppies play around and can get caught on something , that thing turns into a choker .
 Do not use . Poisoned my dog and she is lucky that she is okay . Our vet says this is insecticide .
 First time using this on my dog who has fleas . That same night my wife notice him having behaviors and now he is shaking , has difficulties walking and is inactive and lethargic . I have already contacted the vet the following morning for him to be examined , but in the interim looked online for similar cases with other pet owners . To my suprise , there are lots of them and Seargent 's has been all so ever slow to respond to the numerous incidents that have already occurred . So be careful , think twice and go through your vet first .
 I used this on my dog . She of course started to try to rub it off . I did n't think much of it then . A day later she looked miserable , did n't want to eat her food or go to bed at night , which she usually goes to without hesitation . She looked afraid and wanted to be next to us . The next day , she started walking funny . Her butt would be to the side when she was walking . I immediately read reviews on internet . Horrible reviews . Most of them are of 2009 so maybe it has become less toxic since then , I do n't know . She did n't take it as bad as other dogs , but she might have if I let it stay on her for longer . After reading the reviews we gave her a bath . I read other people have given tuna fish to their dogs and this helped with their symptoms , but I do n't know how or why it helped . We did n't have any tuna at home so I have n't given it to her . She looks much better now . He walking has straightened almost completely . I would never buy this again .
 The piece I got was very small and thin and kept flaking off large chunks . I have only one fish which does not touch the driftwood , yet pieces keep falling off -LRB- not little pieces of bark , big chunks of wood -RRB- . Also had a lot of dirt when i got it and had to soak and boil FOREVER !!
 I like malaysian driftwood , it sinks immediately and usually comes in interesting shapes and does n't seem to discolor water as much as other driftwood . The piece I received fit that description , however the seller seacorals claims their medium pieces are 10-15 '' long . I was expecting maybe 12 '' or so . The piece I got is barely 8 '' at its longest measurement , and does n't take up much room in my 6 gallon tank . I am disappointed as this means I will have to buy more of it , since I wanted driftwood to be the focal piece . I will be ordering a large next time .
 I had read all the reviews and was fairly excited to receive it for my 20gal double high -LRB- two 10gal stacked on top of each other -RRB- . The one I received was very thin and would not really even be seen above the gravel just laying on top of it . It was mainly just a thin wedge not really even a branch . The length was a good size , around 10in , but it was 2in wide and .5 in or less thick , with a 3in section at one end that was the full branch diameter . If I was using several pieces it might have been better , the three inch end looked cool but it would have looked odd in my 20 double high .
 Outstanding system , much less effort to exert , but weak plastic . Handle just broke after 2 months of use . Wait for the steel version .
 Please , do not use this product !!!! I have to warn anybody who will listen ... This product can be harmful if not fatal to cats ! My cat died because of this product . I want to warn everyone . Do not use Hartz drops either as they are just as dangerous ! The only safe flea/tick medication is frontline advantage available from your vet . Yes , it is more expensive but is n't your pet 's life worth it ? Please believe me , I am not making this up or exaggerating ! I lost my female cat and my male cat is still recovering from this poison . Please Please Please be safe and listen to my warning .
 This flea control for cats worked well when I first put it on , but it smelled like I was putting gasoline on their backs . And it definitely did n't work for a whole month like it was supposed to . After a week or two , they had more fleas , either from the eggs that were supposed to be killed by this stuff , or by more fleas jumping on them . It did n't kill fleas the way it should.The stuff I get from the vet works much better . Go to a vet and ask for Advantage . My vet sells it in individual doses and it seems to work better . It kills anything that bites the animal . So , any new eggs that hatch will also be taken care of .
 While I was n't surprised that this product did n't help our dogs -LRB- I assumed it was probably something that would work on some dogs & not others -RRB- - I was not happy that the plug-in caused the latex paint on the wall above it to bubble . It worked it 's way through multiple layers of paint , so we were forced to strip the whole wall rather than just repaint the affected area .
 Outstanding system , much less effort to exert , but weak plastic . Handle just broke after 2 months of use . Wait for the steel version .
 I bought this to treat my two cats for fleas yesterday , but ended up bathing both of them after one of them started acting weak and just off . Today she is lethargic and vomiting , and both cats have the fur on the backs of their necks coming off in spots , over the entire application area . I contacted my vet and she said she has seen cats killed by the toxicity of Hartz flea and tick products , and that she would never recommend them to anyone . I may have to have the cat who 's vomiting sedated and put on iv fluids to try and push this out of her system if she does n't improve by tomorrow morning . This product is poison , and Hartz should be ashamed of themselves for knowingly selling something this dangerous . I will absolutely never buy any of their products again .
 The are a lot of warnings about this product making both cats & dogs sick or worse yet dying , check the internet for reviews & warnings . I bought this product but threw away . I read the warnings after purchasing .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- These seem like they 'd be good products . However , I think their mascot infringes on Fat Freddy 's Cat as invented by Gilbert Shelton and drawn by him for years -LRB- often with the help of David Sheridan and then Palmer Vreedeez -RRB- . The ill-ease I feel is renforced by the fact that they are selling a recreational drug for cats using an image intimately associated with a -LSB- n at least originally -RSB- drugs-centric comic . -- their cat differs most from Shelton 's in his blood-shot eyes , making him look like a stereotypical _ human _ druggie.Now , I 'm not an intellectual property absolutist -- I 'm glad Shakespeare did n't have to worry about copyright , as we 're all richer therefor -LRB- if we bother to read or attend -RRB- -- but Gilbert Shelton is hardly a mega-millionaire , and the RipOff Press -LRB- the probable holder-of-record -RRB- is barely around.So come on
 This toy did not last long for my choc . lab . He ripped the end in 1 day . May be good for light chewers .
 My crabs didnt eat them at all . They liked real food like fish and carrots . Just crush a sand dollar , starfish , or even a shell ! Go spend your money on something like a new shell . Not recommended . Unless it 's the only food there is in the cage -LSB- thats mean ! -RSB- they wont eat it .
 Ok so a natural white glo . Is false . It arrived on time but its green wiped the glass etc. . And its still greenish looking .
 I purchased this item from an online pet store . I liked the fact that it is a good size and it is easy to read . However , it only worked for a year . The unit continuously malfunctioned even after installing new batteries figuring that would have been the problem . Unfortunately it was n't . It kept saying it was over 100 degrees in the tank . My fish would have been like scrambled eggs in my tank if that were true . Luckily I had a portable PH/thermometer handy to double check for accuracy . I had to order a completely different thermometer . I do n't normally write bad reviews on products , but I wanted to let you know so you do n't make the same mistake . If you are looking at a digital thermometer , then I would recommend one made by Coralife . It is small , but works great .
 The thermometer worked fine for about 2 years , but now the in-tank temperature reads about 8-10 degrees F too high . I contacted the manufacturer to request a replacement but was denied as the product only carries a 1-year warranty .
 Like the others , I enjoyed the size of the display . I also liked the fact it displayed both the room temp . and the aquarium temp . -LRB- in/out temps -RRB- I liked my 1st one so much , I bought another for my 2nd aquarium . But like the other reviews , both thermometers began reading high and/or low . Cleaning the sensor helped a bit but only for a day or so . As for my use
 Unfortunately this item cracked on it 's first use . I 've been purchasing these for years and love them but apparently they 've cut down on quality like everyone else in this day and age . Very disappointed .
 Sounded good from other reviews but is really too big for our litter boxes . The slots allow lots of small bits to fall through and leave the box not clean enough .
 I have a 95 gallon tank and have went through several of these whisper 100 's to power multiple airstones . At first it blows very strong air through both outlets . Over time one or both of the outlets stops blowing air , or blows it so weakly that a bubble or 2 might come out of the airstone . These are made so cheaply and I am about to complain to the company . I have went through 4 in the last year . I guess the diaphrams over time just conk out . I am awaiting a few rena 400 pumps and hope they are more reliable .
 I have a 55 gallon aquarium but it is deep , so I needed a powerful air pump replacement when my unit failed . I got overnight shipping on this , because my fish could not wait . When I took it out of the box and hooked it in , it was VERY loud-but it had good aeration . On the second day , there was no output from one of the ports ; and on the morning of the third day there was no output at all . But it had finally gotten quiet !! I placed another overnight order and got my original brand of pump and have had no problems . The whisper pump will not be recommended by me to anyone . The box was well packed and undamaged , so obviously the QA at the factory was not completed .
 I know , I know ... You do n't like the Tetra Whisper 100 ... It 's too noisy , It 's cheap , The diaphrams do n't last ... blah , blah , blah ! We know , we 've ALL been there including myself . HOWEVER , come on , where 's your ownership ... If you are old enough to have common sense and can take constructive criticism than YOU should already know `` YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR ! '' I 've Been There !!!!!!! Not to mention for ALL those who are thinking of purchasing a RENA , think again ... you MUST do your research ! YES , I know what you want to say , '' but RENA 's are better '' and I agree , a `` better company '' but the problem lies deeper . The problem is with DIAPHRAM PUMPS ... . PERIOD !!!!!!!!!! Face it , you can spend $ 25 on the Whisper or $ 50 on the Rena , you WILL STILL have diaphram problems . After research , I found that for $ 70.08 w / shipping -LRB- viva la pets inc online -RRB- ... I NOW have a Coralife Super Luft Pump -LRB- model SL-58 rated for 400 gallons or multiple tank applications -RRB- ... These pumps work with a PISTON rather than a diaphram . In turn , if anyone knows , a piston is MUCH better but different nevertheless even in the event something failed it can be worked on rather than having to replace . ALSO , it is an aluminum housing vs cheaper plastic and even the air filter can be taken out and replace relatively simple in fact . MOST importantly , piston manufactured pumps are designed for commercial use so the are built much stronger . Coralife offer a few models ... ex ... SL-38 AND SL-58 ... pumping 38 & 58 Liters PER MIN vs Whispers 9 Liter Per Min . The SL-58 I purchased for $ 70 now handles a 55 gallon , a 30 gallon , two 20 gallons , and a 15 gallon ALL WHILE OPERATING FLAWLESSLY :-RRB- I have learn to simply INVEST in the right pump , filter , powerheads , light , tanks , plants , etc. . . DO YOUR HOMEWORK ONCE AND YOU WILL ONLY PAY ONCE ... hope this helps ... GOD bless everyone ... If I can help in any other manor feel free to email me at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This thing was quiet when I first got it .3 months later it sounds like a pet store.I should 've laid down 60 bucks for the Rena .
 I purchased the Whisper 100 about three weeks ago to drive both tubes on an undergravel filter in a 30 gal tank . I was replacing a Whisper 40 that was n't able to drive two tubes . The 100 was noticeably louder than the 40 , but still OK in my living room . You could tell it was there , but you could tune it out . Until a couple of days ago . The whisper turned into a rattling hum on the left side . Adjusting the airflow made no difference . I had to disconnect the tube . That did the trick , until today when the right side started going south . So I unplugged it and now have two separate pumps -LRB- a whisper 40 and some other tiny one I got at Walmart -RRB- running the two tubes . Both of them together are quieter than the 100 was when it first came out of the box.I give it a 2 instead of a 1 , because I could probably send it in and get it fixed , but at this price it 's just not worth the trouble .
 Every 2 months I had to replace the diaphragms which I can only find online in a kit which gives me extra parts I do n't need . 1 kit costs about $ 20 when you include shipping its not worth it . The design is poor and this model is fairly loud . I wish I had researched better before purchasing this but the price was right at the time .
 Bought a Tetra Whisper air pump 100 and with in 6 months the diaphragms tore and needed to be replaced . No pet shop carried the replacement parts for it so I had to buy a second one . Well long behold the second pumps diaphragms tore also . Not only is finding the diaphragms in a store around your home impossible but you ca n't just buy the rubber diaphragm . So instead of the part costing $ 3 - $ 4 it will now cost at least $ 10 - $ 13 because you have to buy the whole arm that goes with it ! I will never buy another Whisper air pump again !
 i have bought the repair kit for this pump three times already ... . every few months the rubber inside breaks and the pump gets real loud and the air flow cuts in half ... . spend the money and buy a better pump ... after the initial 25 dollars i have spent 15 dollars on each kit bringing the total to 70 dollars in one year ... . i should have bought a better pump to start ...
 I bought two Whisper 60s and a Whisper 100 over the last 12 months . They each have two diaphragms -LRB- one for each outlet -RRB- and every one of them is ruptured . Tetra refuses to sell replacement diaphragms only and will only sell a complete repair/rebuild kit for $ 10 - $ 12 . With shipping costs added in this is way more than half of what the pumps cost -LRB- $ 19 - $ 26 -RRB- . So if you want a pump that might work for a year before it breaks and that you have to spend $ 15 a year on plus your time to repair , this is it . I put mine in the recycling bin only because its mostly plastic , but the fact is that its really junk . Buy anything but a Whisper . Oh and the name is a joke as well . They are as noisy as any other cheap pump despite the hype about `` revolutionary design '' .
 How do you figure this is whisper quiet , it makes as much noise as theten dollar econo air pumps . Another triumph for the Whisper group ofbadly tooled aquarium accessories . Never again .
 I read up on various pumps and decided to get this one . I plugged it in once I got it and it was really loud , none of my other pumps make any noise but this one makes a hum I can hear in my basement -LRB- it 's on the first floor -RRB- . I have two air hoses hooked up , one to a 48 '' flexible air tube and one to a 5 '' airstone . I figured this would be more than enough to power those two devices and it was - for about a month . Then the air tube had no bubbles but the disc was going great . I figured out that one of the air valves on the pump itself does n't work any more . I 'm going to a different brand completely and will sell this one with my smaller aquarium . It 's great for a small tank but horrible for anything over 20 gallons -LRB- I used it in a 55 gallon -RRB- .
 Looks nice enough , but that 's about it . Was noisy to start with , and downhill from there on.Has double outputs , could not use just one . Finally got the tubes and set it up it to use both . Seems to get noisier as you ` load ' it more i.e. tank depth . Have a 120 gal tank and this lasted about 6 weeks.Performance started degrading after about 3 , and by 6 weeks has all but lost one output with a near zero pressure.Second output is also beginning to look iffy and doubt it will last much longer . I 'd look elsewhere
 Worthless pump , diaphragms go bad in less than a month , repair kits are expensive , about half the cost of a new pump but with S&H will cost anywhere $ 15 to $ 20 . The simply and only rubber diaphragms -LRB- no need for screws , metal supports or magnets -RRB- should be $ 1 - $ 2 max . Dont waste time buying this junk !!!
 I agree with most of the negative reviews on this air pump . I bought this and it pumped a lot of air the first few weeks . Afterward , the air flow gradually diminished . The replacement rubber parts and repair kits cost almost as much as a brand new pump ! I recommend finding a pump with a longer warranty and stuff . If any of you aquarium fans know of a solid air pump with a long life -LRB- regardless of cost -RRB- , leave some feedback here . I am interested - thanks .
 Have gone through two of these in 6 months . The diaphrams blow out and then you are done because there is no place to buy replacement diaphrams . I do n't really notice the noise , but it 's useless in three months . If anyone knows a place to get replacement diaphrams -LRB- Amazon sells replacements for the older model -RRB- , post that here . Obviously lots of people need new diaphrams !
 This was a good pump with quality bubbles but the lifespan is maybe 4 months . If you dont mind replacing this pump every 3-4 months than this is the pump for you but just know that the normal lifespan of a comparable pump is at least one year or better .
 This pump is quiet and good performance for the first two months . After two months there was less air coming out of the pump and death after less than 3 months . I could n't believe it was last less than three months . I should have invested in a more expensive pump .
 I purchased this less than 5 months ago ... now i wish i would have read the reviews . Both bladders are now blown . I do n't know if this is par for air pumps but I WILL be trying a different brand because its going to cost $ 20 to order the replacement parts online . Thats almost half of what this pump cost initially .
 Bought both a 60 and a 100 . Both lasted less than 6-months , rubber diaphrams tear apart . Warranty is worthless , shipping BOTH ways will cost you more than the pump did . Quiet is a personal opinion . Do n't expect to put one in a bedroom and be able to sleep at night . Save your money and buy a better pump .
 The rubber parts only lasted 3 months , without new rubber parts no bubbles . I was expecting this pump to last at least a year or little longer , my old pump that was from a less expensive brand and lasted longer , the pump was pumping in the same place under the tank , subject to the same pressure.The plastic of this pump is very resistant , and somehow flexible , it may be a good idea to purchase a repair kit for this pump . However , 3 months is just to short , and the kit cost almost half what the pump cost . I decided to purchase Power Head instead .
 I 've gone through 2 of these in the last 8 months in a 65 gallon tank feeding a small air stone and a 36 '' flexible bubble strip . Quiet enough when concealed in a cabinet and lots of air at first , but then the rubber diaphragms ripped after 3 or 4 months , rendering them useless . Repair kits are available for around $ 10 + shipping , which would amount to just a little bit less than what I payed for the pump in the first place . I think I 'll be switching brands this time instead .
 Our old air pump quit and we bought this as a replacement . Big mistake!This is the NOISIEST air pump that we tested as a replacement . It lasted three days before we could n't stand it anymore ! It has a LOUD AC hum that resonates and can not be stopped!We returned it and purchased the Whisper 300 instead . The Whisper 300 is the quietest air pump I 've barely heard ! It 's definitely worth the extra bucks.Stay away from the Whisper 100 !
 So , I bought this even after reading the reviews of it not being very quiet . I figured that the other reviews were from people who hear better than I do and that I could handle the noise . Well , I have to eat my words and say that everything everyone has said about the noise is correct . I have it in the cabinet under the tank and it still sounds like it is sitting right in front of me . I found out that if you stand it up on two of its legs propped against the aquarium salt box , it 's a little more tolerable . Seriously , do n't buy this if noise bothers you ! It does seem to work well though -- lots of bubbles .
 I have two . The one running 100 % free air flow without an adjustable valve is going strong and quite after 18 months . The other , connected to a common restrictor valve for a smaller tank , bit the dust in 3 months . The cheap internals ca n't handle the pressure.Only purchase IF you run it wide-open and do not restrict the flow output .
 Shortly after purchase I discovered a reduction of air flow . Quickly discovered that both diaphragms were torn . Contacted Tetra and days later I have not heard back from their customer service . Tetra has forever tainted their brand name with this piece of junk .
 had it a few months -LRB- 4ish -RRB- , the rubber seals are torn . . dont buy better to chock up the mon and get a good one .
 I bought this pump for my 90Gallon tank , after less than 3 months the diaphragms went . Bought replacement and those went in less than 3 months as well . Even though its a cheap pump I had a cheaper pump , the Stellar W-40 , and for 2 years and counting it still works perfectly fine.An air pump is not something you should be buying like fish food . FIX IT TETRA people demand quality not quantity .
 It worked really well for what it cost . But after about 3 months , I was having the same diaphragm issues as everyone else and it stopped working entirely about a week after the first signs of degrading . I only got this because I needed something relatively cheap fast.Nothing should break this fast though , no matter how cheap . The only use for a pump like this is to temporarily provide aeration while you get another pump that will actually last .
 This thing was quiet when I first got it .3 months later it sounds like a pet store.I should 've laid down 60 bucks for the Rena .
 Do NOT NOT NOT pay $ 3.50 for a box of the cheapest offbrand pantyliners ever made . I could n't believe it when I opened the box ! The company did n't even try to disguise what they were selling . I felt as stupid as they obviously think I am . I used one on my 3 month old puppy and before I knew it I had a soaked , leaking mess . Use Kotex overnights instead ... cheaper and they actually work . Run do n't walk from this product .
 I 've ordered bully sticks from this company for more than 2 years and have always been pleased . However , I received an INFERIOR order -LRB- BULK order $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ -RRB- this month . I do believe it was a matter of a poor/true description of the new product . -LRB- because NOW there is a better description since I complained -RRB- But now I have over $ 150 worth of bully sticks that I refuse to allow my dogs to eat . They smell and the quality is so inferior . They look like they are falling apart -LRB- if you know what a bully stick is you 'll be as surprised as I was ! -RRB- and some of the ends look like they 've been cut so pieces are barely hanging on . That 's a choking issue waiting to happen . I 'm not one to let them chew alone either !! The company president -LRB- Yeller -RRB- refuses to allow me to trade for another brand or give me credit . These are individually wrapped ! I only opened ONE of the pacakges . He said since I 've opened A package , I ca n't return the other 58 ??? Poor customer service so be careful !! I 'll never shop there again .
 SADLY , I FOUND OUT THE HARD WAY THAT THESE MOO BULLY STICKS ARE NOT 100 % DIGESTIBLE ! MY DOG ALMOST DIED AFTER A PIECE DID NOT DISSOLVE IN HER STOMACH.My 3 dogs loved these Moo Bully sticks . I had been giving them to my dogs for over a year with no incident.I was giving these because from all I had researched on this product they claimed to be 100 % SAFE AND 100 % DIGESTIBLE . I would always take small pieces away form the dogs that I felt could possibly cause a chocking problem . I always had plenty of water close by . One day I noticed my dog , Lily , was having very loose stools and that were jelly like in consistency.This same day she stopped eating and began vomiting.I immediately rushed her to my veterinarian.Upon his physical exam he noted that her abdomen was hard and distended.He wanted me to leave her with him so he could do a x-ray . He did and found that she had a blockage in her stomach!He then started a series of Barium x-rays to watch the blockage to see if it was going to pass . Over a 4 hour period of watching and repeating these barium x-rays it not only showed that the blockage was not passing , but the `` item '' causing the blockage was swelling in size , absorbing the stomach fluids.I was told he had to do emergency surgery to get this blockage out of her ASAP . What he found in her stomach was most definitely a piece of the Moo Bully stick ! It had not digested as claimed by the manufacture if swallowed.My veterinarian told me if he had not brought Lily in as promptly as I did , to remove this blockage , she most definitely would have died!He told me that this was not 100 % digestible as the manufacture had claimed it to be . If it had been , it would have dissolved in her stomach ! lily had major abdominal exploratory surgery that lasted over 3hours , to remove this piece the piece of Moo Bully stick ! She was hospitalized afterwards for 4 nights and 5 days . She almost did not make . Lily refused eat for 5 days . She therefore lost a lot of weight , became very frail and lethargic . Thank god , my veterinarian was fabulous.He was so concerned for Lily , that he actually stayed by her side at night , every night making sure he did everything he could to pull her through this.Once home she was weak and could barely walk . I tried to get her to eat and she refused . I was offering her cooked chicken liver and even this did not even entice her to eat . Finally , the next day , she did begin to nibble on some food . It was a very slow healing process and took Lily over a month until she was herself again.The thought of losing Lily tore me apart . Watching the pain and suffering she went though can not be put into words.I felt so helpless . It was nothing but a pure hell that she and I went though for weeks on end.I was also feeling so guilty because I gave her the MOO Bully stick.You see , I only feed my dogs the very best , high quality organic dog foods . I never ever ever would give my dogs anything that was not the best and the safest . I never gave my dogs raw hide chewies or greenies -LRB- Any dog owner that cares about the welfare of their a dog knows how dangerous and deadly these products are -RRB- I started giving my dogs the Moo bully sticks because everything I had read and researched lead me to believe not only were they safe , 100 % DIGESTIBLE , but that they came from Brazil cattle that only grazed on non chemically treated grass , were not feed any hormones and drank from fresh natural spring water.There was nothing harmful in this product . So I stared giving my dogs these MOO bully sticks.I am a very dedicated , caring , responsible animal lover and owner . I wrote letters to the companies I purchased the Moo Bully sticks form as well as the manufacturer . Only one retailer responded to my letter by referring me to the manufacturer.The manufacturer of these Moo Bully Sticks , '' Free Range Dog Products '' totally ignored both of my certified letters . So many owners have no clue that their dogs may have become sick or died due to a piece of a Bully stick that did not digest . What if their vet missed the symptoms ? What if they never took their dog to a vet after becoming ill and the dog died ? What if they never discovered what killed their dog ? Not everyone can afford to pay for surgery on their dogs , x-rays , lab work , medicines , and a hospital stay . My vet bill was almost $ 5,000.00 My vet even discounted most of what he did , as well not charge me for everything.In fact , he he felt so bad , that he did not charge me for staying by her side for all through the night , on those 4 nights . What if a dog died or got very ill when ingesting a piece of these Bully sticks and never came forth to inform the public ? Maybe mine is the very first case ? But all it should take is one , to satisfy anyone not to ever buy this product and give it their beloved dogs . PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE , DO NOT EVER GIVE YOUR DOGS ANY TYPE OF A BULLY STICK PRODUCT!PASS THIS INFO ALONG TO ANYONE THAT YOU KNOW HAS A DOG . YOU MIGHT JUST SAVE A DOGS LIFE.BY THE WAY I HAD TO HIGHLIGHT AT LEAST ONE STAR IN THE RATING FOR THE SITE TO ACCEPT THIS . ; _ -LRB-
 THESE BULLIES SUCK . THEY ARE CRUNCHY AND ARE GONE IN MINUTES , COMPARED WITH A QUALITY BRAND LIKE MOO OR OTHERS THAT LAST AND LAST FOR DAYS WITH MY DOGS . THESE ARE CHEAP AND PROCESSED DIFFERENTLY . I AM NOT AT ALL HAPPY WITH THIS BRAND AND AM PLANNING ON RETURNING THEM .
 These are okay thermometer covers . As an occupational therapist , I worry because they tend to rip easily and I definitely do n't want to spread germs between patients . They are better than some other ones I have used though ! Overall , these are okay .
 Used this and just went back to mineral oil ... $ 1 for a bottle that will go bad before you use it all . Thought this was something special , its not .
 I bought it looking at the nice Colors of the label.When I got it , was disapointed . Bottle looked nothing alike . I mean Label looked nothing alike . Disapointing Yow.Oil is same I believe . Did n't try it yet .
 Certainly does ' t seem to perform any better than any other oil I have tried in the past ! As a name brand product I expected more from this product , the only thing I got was a second bottle added to my order that I do n't want or ask for !
 Like another reviewer posted , the legs are not even and the set wobbles . The bowls also shift significantly in their respective `` holders '' , which clatters and moves around a lot when my dog tries to eat his food . I have to mix a small amount of wet food in with his dry food -LRB- to give him medicine -RRB- and he refuses to lick the wet food from the bottom -LRB- where all his medicine is !! -RRB- because of how much the whole set wobbles and clatters . : -LRB-
 Its cute but I 'm kind of dissapointed . Its really small . I 'm thinking about returning it ... Its really cute but I do n't think it was worth the $ 27.88 I paid for it .
 Tried to return this item to upgrade and pay more for the IRIS feeder . Way too small , and the picture shownfor the diminsions for this product were obscured . Too tippy , and really not even a good product for a smaller dog . As I returned this item , some how , I received another one . . the same one 2 days later , so ... I had to return it twice for atotal refund . Very frustrating !
 I would not purchase a tent style crate again , especially this brand . Both of my crate trained dogs learned how to break out within a few days . We bought these to travel in our motorhome with since they are so easily collapsible and lightweight . We came back one morning to see that they had broken out and damaged the carpet in the brand new motorhome . They discovered that they could push on the front of the crate and split apart the zipper.We have not been able to replace them yet with a wire crate , and in the meantime the male chewed a hole in the corner of the crate and pushed through the front , so it 's now destroyed . This is the same dog that we could leave in his crate at home with the door unlatched -LRB- inadvertantly -RRB- and come home to find him sound asleep , still in his crate.I had read reviews before I purchased this and did have concerns about them breaking out , but I decided to take a chance since they are already crate trained . Do n't make the same mistake !
 This product looks great but failed to perform its primary function-to contain our animal . The zipper on the front flap does not stand up to the pressure applied by a determined amnimal . My dog is a 24 lb . terrier . For me , thrown out money !
 I had to return this product because it did not fit my dog . My dog is a medium sized dog -LRB- 24 pounds -RRB- but he is a little on the tall side . He could not even stand up to go into this crate . This product will only fit a small dog like a Jack Russell . I found a comparable product at an outdoor store that was double the size of this product for a fraction on the price .
 What a POS . I just came home after two hours to find my 16 lb dachshund crying because he managed to rip the bottom seam open . This product was purchased new and I can count the number of times I have used it in the last 10 months on one hand . If you love your dog , spend your money on a product you can trust . I 'll be contacting Petmate for a refund in the morning .
 The cat just ignored it . Not enough catnip I guess so that he could smell it . Disappointed in the product .
 I was disappointed ; this item did not even last a week . The cat sat on top of it to look out the window , and then used it as a `` lift '' to jump on a piece of furniture . The top did not hold up , and collapsed . I gave up and turned it over so he could continue to use it as a lift , but that end collapsed , too . I think this item was very poorly constructed .
 Day 1 , I was pleased with the product until I saw it shedding everywhere . By day 5 , most of my floor was covered in tufts from the kitty condo . The staples started coming out from inside and I would have to inspect daily so that my cat would n't die from ingesting staples . Three weeks later , the top started falling , and now the kitty condo has no top . Would n't recommend to anyone who cares about their pet .
 the top of the condo is held by two staples . also it has lots of strings comming loose from the carpet . and ass you know that cats tend to play with strings and swallow them and get sick with vomiting and diareah . worst case they would need surgery . do not reccomend any string carpeted products for cats .
 I uploaded a picture of what happened to the product after only 10 minutes of putting it together . The post came unhinged , exposing extremely sharp staples . There was no stress placed on the post to make it break apart like that . The overall quality of this product is horrible . I 'm just glad I was home and my cats did n't play with the post after the post fell apart exposing the sharp staples . I 'd give this 0 stars if that was an option . Avoid this product at all costs .
 This fell apart almost from the first moment one of our cats tried to scratch it . The post separated from the bottom , exposing a couple of long staples that were all that was used to attach it to the plastic coupling . I suppose you get what you pay for ... I can probably glue it or put some staples in myself ; but I was not expecting any assembly for this product .
 I 'm probably going to toss this scratching post . When I put it together I did n't care for the look of it . It was easy to put together , but the seems of the carpeting look pretty cheap . The final decision has been made by my two cats , neither of whom have scrached it even once . The seem to prefer the cardboard and jute scratchers but have used carpeted ones in the past . Something about this one just does n't turn them on . I think I heard one of them tell the post , `` It 's not you , it 's me . '' You know what that means .
 Carpet on the Flexrake was okay , the top have was fine , but that was all that came with it . There was no platform on which to place the post . I wish the company that makes this item would not show a platform in the ad , when there is no platform when the item arrives . I sent the first one back because I thought this was an oversight , but surprise ! surprise ! The second one arrived and it was only the post . What 's up with that ? Is it just me , or is this false advertising ?
 This did n't work for us at all . First , I think there 's a good chance that the product I received is broken . The plunger sticks and is very hard to move even a little bit . Once I finally got it to move to put the pill in , it did n't pop the pill out when I depressed the plunger . The second problem is that the tip is the wrong size for two out of three different pills my cat has to take . The largest is to big , and the smallest is too small . One pill fit , but as I mentioned before , once I placed it in the tip , I could n't get the piller to pop it out -LRB- the rod was too short to push the pill out -RRB- . This item was an epic fail for me , and its now in the trash . I suggest trying another style of pet piller -LRB- even though they 're more expensive , the right one really can help ! -RRB-
 AlgaeFix directions include
 I used Algaefix at half-dose based on the recommendations of a number of internet reviews -LRB- kills algae , but may kill fish too -RRB- . The algae continued to flourish , but it effectively poisoned 100 + water hyacinth over a period of maybe six weeks . I decided to up the dose to what the product packaging stated to get rid of the green once and for all - bad mistake!Within two hours , I noticed a number of fish surfaced around the edges of the pond . They were not gasping for air , just sitting there basically floating . I tried a water change but by nightfall maybe six hours later , I had lost two koi - both 20 '' fish that had been in this pond since it was built in 2005 . I had never lost a fish before.No fish were visible through the nice green water the next morning , however , so I had some short-lived hope that everything had stabilized . Using the pump discharge , I moved the water around on the bottom and up they came - handfuls of dead baby koi as well as most of the big ones . Within 24 hours of adding the recommended dose , I was down to one large koi and one large goldfish , both of which were one their sides and barely moving . Forty-eight hours in , the last one was gone . I ended up losing five 16 '' -20 '' koi , two 10 '' + goldfish and more than 25 1.5 '' -3 '' baby koi . Not one fish survived.This product is terrible . The algae survived , but it killed some of the pond plants and all of the fish . This product really needs to be taken off the market !
 I 've used Algaefix for a while . It does help to keep the pond clean . Previously I noticed the fish -LRB- Koi -RRB- would float up to the water surface , become lethargic , and stop eating , which lasted about 1 day or 2 , and then they would come back to their normalcy . So I thought that was part of the normal course and did n't pay attention to it . Sadly , 4 of the fish , including two 20 ' , died after the weekly Algaefix treatment 2 days ago . Learn from my mistake . Do n't trust the label of the product . Stop using it .
 I used this product two days ago at first i noticed that the fish started to surface after using it as recommended i had aeration -LRB- fountain , pump and waterfall -RRB- in my pond all the time.The water clears out as it kills the algae but sadly almost all the fish died and others become sluggish . Yes it kills the algae but it kills also the fish .
 After reading many reviews for algae products I decided to purchase Algae Fix . My water was green , not pea soup green , but definitely had suspended algae in the water so it was n't clear . I followed the instructions as far as dosage , and paid particular attention to make sure there was adequate aeration . I have a 5200gph pump running a 24 '' wide waterfall -LRB- which in my 6,000 gallon pond is like Niagara Falls -RRB- , and a 300gph pump running a spitter at the other end of the pond . I figured this would be adequate for aeration purposes , but just in case it was n't , I put another pump in just for good measure . Within 30 minutes of pouring in the Algae Fix , all of my fish were at the top gasping for air . The next day -LRB- which I ran all of the pumps continuously -RRB- I had 5 dead fish , plus several babies that my fish just had . This product is very strong as far as it removing the oxygen out of the water , but it did not alleviate the algae in the water even after a week . After a week , with no change in the water clarity , I decided not to put the next dose in per the instructions , I used Barley Straw Extract . My water was crystal clear within two days , and without the fish kill effects of the Algae Fix . I had used the barley straw extract before , with the same results , crystal clear water within 2 days , and it lasts for about 3-4 weeks without needing another dose . My pond is in direct sun from 10AM to 7PM , so I thought in the hot Savannah , GA summer months maybe I needed something stronger to combat algae , boy was I wrong ! From now on , I 'm going to stick with the Barley Straw Extract because it works , and it 's about the same price without the negative effects . So now I have 2.5 gallons of Algae Fix that I will never use , and wasted $ 80 in the process . Live and learn !
 If you want to KILL YOUR FISH , feel free to use PONDCARE ALGAEFIX . I followed the instructions to the letter with plenty of aeration in my 1,000 gal pond . The first three days went ok and the algae was down by half and the fish were not as active but ok . I hesitated to put in any more but waited for two and a half weeks instead of the recommended weekly dosage . Had plenty of aeration . Two days after applying second Algaefix my fish were listless and at the water 's surface . I quickly did a water change but it was too late . Algaefix kills the big fish first because they require more oxygen . This company does not care about your fish , just your money . Why wo n't they change their label and say DO NOT USE ON FISH !
 We were hesitant at first because of the bad reviews regarding the possibility of killing the fish -LRB- koi -RRB- , but we purchased this product anyway two weeks ago because of the overall high reviews . We have a 8500-9000 gallon koi pond with a waterfall , aerator , and two water pumps , thus we believe aeration would n't be an issue . We used half the bottle each time -LRB- per the direction , twice a week for the initial dosage -RRB- to treat the algae . Algae disappeared within 24 hours . Our pond water was crystal clear and we were happy as can be after not being able to see our koi for a month or so from the green water.A week after we put in the second half of the dose , we noticed our koi floating near the surface but did n't seem like they were gasping for air or dying , so we thought they were just chilling . The next day , we found one inside our skimmer , and two more dead later that day . We 're very heartbroken and thus giving this product a one star for a simple fact that it killed our koi even though it says that it 's safe for koi and/or goldfish.SADLY , THE COST OF HAVING A CRYSTAL CLEAR WATER IS THE RISK OF DEAD KOI . Had it been safe for our koi , it would 've been the perfect product , but we 'd like to warn other koi owner out there prior to using this product . We 're just like you , hesitant from the bad reviews , but purchased it anyway due to the overall high review . Take our experience and we wo n't recommend this product to any koi owner out there !
 After reading other reviews about this being safe for wildlife , I bought this thinking it would be safe for my dog since I 've seen her drink out of our fountain . After purchasing this , I saw that the label says `` Hazardous for Domesticated Animals . '' I returned it immediately .
 Pond went from green to brown but the water is still not clear . I do have a large pond about the size of an inground swimming pool .
 Although I was lucky and did not lose any koi I can not recommend this product . Within 2 hours of adding Algaefix ALL of my koi were at the base of my stream trying to get more oxygen . I have two bottom drains with air diffusers each connected to an AP-100 air pump , waterfall and more than enough water movement . I followed the instructions and reduced the dosage . The product itself probably does not harm the koi but the removal of oxygen does . If you have lots of algae and use this product you will have lots of dead algae and little oxygen in the water . Do not underestimate how much algae you have or the effects of killing the algae on your fish and water quality.If you decide you are going to still use this product despite the warnings , reduce the recommended dosage by at least 1/2 or even 3/4 to start and monitor your fish closely . Do n't add the product during the hottest part of the day , wait until the evening when your water has increased oxygen . Maybe have some carbon ready if you do see problem or be prepared to move the fish to a quarantine tank . Increase your oxygen level by any means possible for at least 24 hours .
 This stuff is SCARY !! Despite following the directions closely for a 7000 gallon pond with Koi over 15 years old alongside babies that are 2 years old , this stuff cleared the water but made my koi &uuml;ber ill . They hugged the bottom motionless and would not eat for days . My quest for clearer water will not include this product despite its positive reviews and the label 's directions/claims . I 'm now looking into a natural algae-eating bacteria that is suppose to help . Also , I 'm improving my filtration system in general . What 's the point of keeping koi if you risk them dying every time you use this product ? I do n't understand all the positive reviews . They give you a false sense of security in my opinion . This product needs to be pulled off the shelves .
 Algae fix , is a horrible fish murdering product . No one should sell this product - nightmare stories all over the internet and now a nightmare in my tank ! My Fish are still very very sick days after using less than the recommended dose . I had to remove my guppies within minutes as the looked half dead , several hours later all my other fish became very ill . I performed a 50 % water change and 30 hours later my fish are still twitching and wo n't eat . They almost appear to be blind . Oh my water is crystal clear but who cares about the water if the fish die ! Google Algae Fix dead fish - this has happened to many users of this product !
 Have used this product for 8 years with and found it effective and had no problem with fish . Last week I used the usual dose in my 2500 gallon pond and it appeared to have no effect . Normally , I only use the product once a week or less . This time I used the same dose 48 hours later . The next morning my two oldest and largest Koi were dead . Algaefix depletes the oxygen in the water and sadly the biggest fish need the most oxygen . I fault myself for changing dosage from the level that has always been safe before . But I fault Pond Care for not being more explicit about fish kill danger . I kept my pump and waterfall going full blast and have a secondary air pump so that satisfies the recommendation on the bottle about keeping good circulation going . My favorite Koi still died . Every time I look in the pond and see them not there is very depressing knowing their death was PREVENTABLE ! The product usually works and will probably be fine if you stay with a safe dosage . Just be careful and Google AlgaeFix and Dead Fish for more info on the dangers .
 It will kill any kind of goldfish or Koi because they require so much oxygen , and it depletes the oxygen from the water , it also produces ammonia . You need snails , scrub more , limit light , or clean more .
 These are pretty and all but you cant clean them . The bottle brush wont fit and you cant get to where its dirty .
 For the safety of your dog DO NOT USE this product ! Tea tree oil is highly toxic for dogs ! My dog had a reaction after just a few hours and I had to take her into an ER vet in the middle of the night . I have tried to contact the company to find out why they are still selling a product that is toxic to dogs but they have not responded . Please for the safety of your dog , do not use this product , it is not worth the risk . There are many other hot spot and rash ointments that do not contain tea tree oil . Just google `` tea tree oil for dogs '' to find out more information .
 I have been using this on my six month old golden retriever for about two weeks , spraying him every other day or so and rubbing it in . He loves it , immediately relaxes -LRB- this dog hardly EVER relaxes ! -RRB- . He is suffering from flea allergy I think - my vet tells me a dog can be itchy long after the fleas are gone -LRB- he definitely had fleas and flea bites but that was months ago -RRB- . He has no fleas now but is still feeling itchy all over his body , legs , tail , whole body really - and , while he has no hot spots , I do n't want to see them start either . And it is not fun watching your dog suffer . When I spray him , he immediately stops scratching and obviously looks relieved . So , no doubt in my mind that it works.After reading up on the toxicity concern , all the sources I checked said it is toxic to cats - and small dogs are more of a concern and overuse is not good and the dog injesting it by licking can be a concern too.I do think the company needs to do better labeling - what is the concentration of the tea tree oil and what do they have to say about it 's use and toxicity ? If the concentration is very low , I will feel better . So , I am going to call them and ask.My own experience , though , on this 60 pound dog , is it does work and I have not seen any negative symptoms - but I will not depend on it as an every day treatment either . And , if he starts licking it , I will not use it anymore . Ingestion seems to be a more toxic pathway than simply administered on the skin.This is a follow up . I called the company in TX and asked the woman who answered if the company realized that tea tree oil is toxic to dogs and cats at some concentrations . She replied that they knew that . I told her that their product is getting hammered on Amazon and it might be helpful to know the concentration - maybe it is so low as to not be much of an issue . She became quite curt when I asked what the concentration of TTO was that they used in their product , telling me that information was propietary so she could not tell me ! I guess their philosophy is `` just trust me '' . Do n't think I will buy this product anymore . I have dropped my rating from 4 to 2 stars.Hope this helps
 Do not buy this product for dogs and cats ... it is posisonous for them leading to severe sickness or even death ! Please do Read the article using this link you buy this product ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We used it on our puppy and the smell permeated the entire house . It made it uncomfortable for everyone and it dod n't help our puppy.I would not recommend it to anyone .
 My dog occasionally gets allergy related hot spots . I was out of the usual hot spot spray that I use , so I gave this product a try.The first thing you should know about this product is that it is oily and has a strong odor - not a bad odor , but not a particularly good one either . When you put it on your pet , they will seem sort of greasy until their next bath . Between the grease and odor , you will not want your pet coming into contact with your furniture while they have this stuff on them , and you will urgently want to wash your hands every time you handle your pet.This particularly spray did not seem as effective as other hot spot sprays that I 've tried . My dog did stop biting at her hot spot , but that was mostly because she did not like the taste of the spray . Instead , she tried to satisfy her itch by rubbing it on various inanimate objects - something I did not encourage due to the aforementioned grease/odor issue . I would n't say this product is entirely useless . My dog did seem less preoccupied with her itch , but it sort of seemed like bringing a knife to a gun fight - better than nothing but far from ideal .
 I bought this because all of the positive review . I thought I 'd try it just in case it was better than Sulfodene . but it is NOT . Sulfodene works but it is just expensive . I 'll have to try another product as well as go back to Sulfodene .
 Please be aware that tea tree oil is extremely toxic to dogs . My dog licked this product and was sick shortly after . Check out the horror stories online about tea tree oil being toxic to dogs and weigh the benefits of using any product containing tea tree oil . I am unable to find anywhere the exact quanity of tea tree oil in this product and this alone should make you wonder if it is safe . If I do find this information I will add it to this posting.Veterinarian 's Best Hot Spot Spray - 16 ozHot Spot Spray -LRB- 8 oz . -RRB-
 It does help him though . whenever I can surprise him with a spray oir a wipe . I do like it .
 I love that this is a natural remedy , but unfortunately my dog thought it tasted great too . I ended up having to take her to the vet to take care of her ` hot spot ' issue .
 My product was open and looked like it was used , the botton didnt work as well :-LRB- i had too open it and take out little plastic on bottom , i try dealing with the dealer he/she didnt want too give me another one :-LRB- i dont know if it was refurbished item ? i bought it it said new but i guess not :-LRB- product dont work , buy the cream or from another seller !!!
 Our local vaccine clinic implanted a Home Again chip in our dog for $ 20 and handed me the paperwork to go online and enter all of her data . I was shocked , to say the least , that Home Again charges an annual fee to to keep the chip active . Every other chip I have ever gotten for a pet is a lifetime registration with the cost of the initial chip . I would never support Home Again in the future ... . and will be registering my chip elsewhere at the end of this year . There are OTHER companies out there who will maintain your registration for a lifetime , for less than Home Again wants for one year . Do your research . Google is your friend .
 The reviews discussing the annual fees are incorrect . Home Again does not charge an annual fee to keep your contact information in the data base.They have a very nice app for Android which shows lost pets and tracks them on a map.Home Again 's customer service has been very polite.There is one very important lesson I learned regarding Home Again . If you adopt a pet from a shelter they will not allow you to transfer the primary contact information to your name and number without permission from the shelter . We adopted a puppy and the owner of the shelter -LRB- a stranger I will never see again -RRB- refuses to give-up the primary contact . This was never discussed or put in a contract . That means this stranger will be the primary contact for my dog 's entire life span due to Home Again 's policies . Home Again will not allow you to become the primary contact for your family dog if the previous owner is affiliated with a shelter and refuses to give-up permission . Trust me , I have had numberous conversations with Home Again and received a letter from Home Again denying my request to be the primary contact for my dog . I do n't know if other micro-chip companies have the same policy but I thought it may save another pet owner the frustration we are experiencing with Home Again . Get it in writing from the shelter when adopting your dog or Home Again will leave you with no alternative . They seem to be a good company which provides a great service -LRB- every dog should be chipped -RRB- but this policy will prevent me from being my dog 's primary contact if he ever gets lost .
 Home Again business plan appears to be to pay them $ 15/year when competitor Avid has only a one time fee to enter you pet in a database . Home Again is the wrong choice for a pet microchip .
 I am just warning people on the 24Petwatch microchip.If you have a rescued dog with a microchip . 24Petwatch will not cancel your registration . So , you are linked to your pet unless someone else pays money to have the registration changed.So , if you do n't want to microchip your pet and your pet already has one . . when they are lost they will track down the wrong owner .
 Vet administered microchip when I purchased my puppy . Did not realize until one year later when Home Again sent me my annual registration/upkeep fee of $ 16.99 that it had an annual fee I had to pay each year for the lifetime of the dog for the microchip to stay active if she gets lost . Since I have horses that are microchipped by AvidID.com and they do not require annual membership , I called them , and they said for a one time transfer price of $ 19.95 I can have it activated for life without annual fees .
 We just bought a dog that had been chipped . All I can tell you is that I registered the chip with HomeAgain . Then I got an email telling me that I need to register my dog . It had the right email -LRB- came to me -RRB- , had the right name for the dog but a completely different chip number . I contacted HomeAgain and the customer service person did n't seem surprised or overly concerned . I called the pet store where I bought the dog . The owner talked to the owner of HomeAgain and was assured that it was just a ` glitch ' and it had been corrected.Folks , tying your pets microchip number to you is the only reason for their existence . If they ca n't do that , they are useless.The chips are probably fine but their software is apparently buggy and ca n't be trusted . When our puppy is neutered , we will have this chip removed and an AVID chip implanted.If I could give this product a 0 star rating , I would .
 1-17-13
 I got my two Great Danes microchipped at my vet 's office before I knew anything about microchipping . I did not know one company from another . When I got them chipped , the vet told me that I only had to pay for the microchipping and the one time fee . However , I was dismayed to receive a bill from Home again for $ 34.99 each year . I was disgusted with the thought of having to pay $ 35.00 / year for them to essentially do nothing , especially when I heard other companies do n't charge an annual fee . I asked my vet about getting them microchipped with another company , but he told me two microchips was a very bad idea . I just read now that I do n't have to pay this fee . I am grateful indeed to hear that I actually do n't have to pay this , but also think Home Again should not be allowed to get away with continuing to deceive customers . I am not a gullible person , and this is lying to customers just to make money .
 Unlike the ADIV and AKC , this company charges you for services every year . My neighbor just found a dog , took the dog to a vet to get it scanned and what do you know ? It has one of these chips . He called HomeAgain to report the found dog and gave them the dogs microchip number and they could do nothing ! No known address , dog name , no attempt to contact the owner , nothing . The owner had n't paid the registration fee . I am informed by the vet that the government now requires by law that all scanners read all chips so there 's no reason to use this company anymore . Check your local vaccine clinics if you are concerned about price . I paid $ 28 to get my dog chipped with AVID , lifetime registration included .
 Our dog was picked up by the local Animal Control during a thunderstorm and was taken to the SPCA . -LRB- we live in a rural area -RRB- She had a Home Again Micro-chip and was registered with both Home Again and AKC . Neither the Animal Control Department nor the SPCA , DID NOT HAVE A SCANNER TO READ IT , Luckily I called the SPCA and they told me she was there and to come and get her.It is a wonderful idea if the Agency has a scanner.The AKC has a better program that is worn around the collar or you could tattoo the AKC Reg . number.I am not dissing the product it is what happens afterwords . My dogs did not have any reactions to the procedure of the implant .
 HomeAgain does not maintain an archive database of missing pet 's photos that volunteer PetRescuers can refer to in case a lost pet is spotted 3 or 4 months later . Who are these volunteer PetRescuers you ask . Anyone who has microchipped their pets and wishes to be added/registered on the notification list - not a representative from the company . This searchable database would be very useful to volunteer PetRescuers or anyone wishing to reunite a lost pet by inputting color , location , breed , and other specifics . Instead as a rescuer and registered pet owner of HomeAgain , I have had to use other searchable websites such as findfido , petfinder and many more , to assist me in reuniting pets . For that extra $ 14.99 I pay for the upgrade Proactive Pet Recovery plan , they should at least have this searchable archived database .
 I returned this item , because it had to be implanted by the Veterinarian . Our Vet had her own kit , which she inserted , at a cost of only $ 50.00 -LRB- for the kit and her service -RRB- .
 I have both of my dogs microchipped with HomeAgain chips . Home Again charges a yearly fee instead of a 1 time database registration fee . The reason for this yearly fee is the `` Help '' they supposedly give you to locate your pet when it goes missing . In theory that sounds great but in reality not so . One of my dogs went missing while traveling in Arkansas . I immediately reported the dog missing to Home Again and gave them specific information on where the dog went missing . They generated the lost dog poster/flyer and it correctly stated where the dog went missing . After looking up their lost pet app for apple my dog was not listed as missing . Consequently , I started asking questions and wanted a list of the vets they contacted on my behalf . They apparently do not have access to this information in the call center . Several days later I received a list and they contacted 30 + vets etc in Georgia -LRB- home -RRB- . Basically , none of the additional services did me any good in my search for my lost pet . You can have you pet microchipped with a HomeAgain chip but I would not pay the yearly subscription fees for the service . Instead register the chip with one of the other databases -LRB- they are all linked now -RRB- . I like the AKC CAR database . $ 15 one time fee as long as you own the dog.BTW - our pet returned home on her own approx 24 hours after she disappeared . : -RRB-
 I agree , very deceptive sales tactics . It just did n't seem correct when I read that I had to pay for an annual membership to a service that really does nothing but record your pet . After asking a number of friends they all were surprised by the recurring fee requirement as they did not have such a fee . I finally found this post warning that it is not required to continue the membership . It does appear that one must take an extra step to cancel the subscription , otherwise , HomeAgain will automatically charge your credit card next year.Go to the ACKCar.org website to register . Give them the extra 1.50 -LRB- $ 17.50 registration fee -RRB- . I just do n't trust a business that has to trick you into buying their services .
 The chip is fine , but as others have mentioned , Home Alone 's business practices to pet owners is extremely deceptive , right down to the registration form that comes with the chip . They make it seem you have to subscribe to a yearly membership for your chip to be registered , but that is not the case at all.After your vet or shelter inserts the chip they will give you the registration form so that you can contact HomeAlone to register that chip to you . On the form there is one check box next to the credit card information you would enter . The box says `` yes , $ 16.99 yearly home alone membership '' , and with no other checkbox it is not intuitive to know that there is an option not to check it in order for them to process the credit card for the 1 time fee . And same goes for the website , good luck finding the one sentence they 've hidden in the site that states you do not need to sign up for the `` membership '' . It 's not in the FAQ section , that 's for sure . In the FAQ section they make it seem like the yearly fee is the only option . I had to actually CALL to find out if the yearly fee was necessary . And it 's not like pet owners actively seek out the HA chip and registration card , it is given to them by the vet or shelter . I was on their facebook page and i mentioned it , so many of their FB members could not believe they did not have to pay the yearly fee , they were very upset . Imo , Home Alone owes a lot of people a whole lot of money .
 If you have NOT registered your pet with Home Again , skip them . Go with American Kennel Club CAR online setup . You pay a onetime fee for lifetime registration . Around $ 18 online , around $ 20 snail mail or fax . The register any and all pet chips . -LSB- ... -RSB- * sometimes the vet will allow you to pre-pay your fee . Make sure to check with the vet so you do not pay twice.If you pets are already registered with Home Again : Google the sentence below . You will find the sentence buried deep in the website . I think it may even be in a `` hidden '' page buried several down where no one would ever find it . I was only able to locate it when I googled this sentence from another review on Amazon : `` Once entered in the HomeAgain database , microchips are registered for life , whether or not pet owners renew their annual memberships , and contact information may be updated online anytime free of charge by logging into HomeAgain `` You DO have to pay a fee of around $ 18 to REGISTER the chip to be in the US wide database . Click here to confirm your pet is in the database . -LSB- ... -RSB- Home Again will be listed if indeed the pet is registered.You Do NOT have to pay an annual fee although Home Again website and brochures make it appear you have to in order to continue the registration.This is terribly deceptive . Do not use your credit card , pay by check . They will continue to send you snail mail urging you to renew your membership insisting you need it to protect your pet . The membership provides `` extras '' which you really wo n't need since you will most likely do these things yourself as soon as your pet is missing.Again , You DO NOT need to do this for the chip to be in the database .
 I should have trusted the reviews on this one . I paid $ 35 for the HomeAgain Microchip for my puppy back in January . This included the first year 's membership . My vet sends out a batch mailing once a month for all the Microchip enrollment forms . I talked with HomeAgain customer support about a month after the date my vet sent it out , and they said give it another 5-6 weeks to be enrolled with HomeAgain . FIRST ISSUE
 We just bought a dog that had been chipped . All I can tell you is that I registered the chip with HomeAgain . Then I got an email telling me that I need to register my dog . It had the right email -LRB- came to me -RRB- , had the right name for the dog but a completely different chip number . I contacted HomeAgain and the customer service person did n't seem surprised or overly concerned . I called the pet store where I bought the dog . The owner talked to the owner of HomeAgain and was assured that it was just a ` glitch ' and it had been corrected.Folks , tying your pets microchip number to you is the only reason for their existence . If they ca n't do that , they are useless.The chips are probably fine but their software is apparently buggy and ca n't be trusted . When our puppy is neutered , we will have this chip removed and an AVID chip implanted.If I could give this product a 0 star rating , I would .
 I bought this thinking it would help out the multiple hotspots that developed my my pup 's feet after she had a really bad seasonal allergy attack , well it turns out it made thing A LOT worse . She actually started to lick and chew even more and instead of helping with the itch it made her more itchy , which i then realize she probably is allergic to the spray as well ! so this is a no go for me . I would like to see the wording on the label changed to to encompass all types of skin itchyness ...
 It caused one of my cats to vomit and one of them smelled so bad afterwards I could hardly be in the same room . I did n't see any change in their skin after use and it might work on some cats but I could n't tolerate the odor and I am sure that the cats felt the same way .
 I got this for my cat because she has skin allergies and had one specific area where she was picking . I could not get this to work for her because it smelled so bad and she licked it right off . It might work for dogs but I would n't recommend a spray like this for cats .
 I used Frontline and my dog still had fleas , so I bought this thinking it would take care of what the other product did n't kill . Unfortunately that was not the case . I sprayed it directly on a flea on the bed even and it did n't even react . The smell is n't bad , and the price is n't bad , so I 'm glad there 's that at least , but otherwise a total waste of money .
 I got this to use on our dog 's feet because we did n't want another large Vet bill . -LRB- We went to our Vet 's for his feet about a week prior and the shot they gave him helped for a few days , but then it wore off . Which is why we bought the product . -RRB- We got this at a `` local '' chain pet store for a little off -LRB- due to a pricing mistake they found -RRB- . We sprayed it on his feet and it seemed to help as well as it smelled good , but then the next morning things got ugly fast!Our dog woke us up walking around with muscle tremors , acting wobly , and nausous . I frantically started searching on the internet about ingredient toxitity of this product since he had licked a tiny ammount off his feet the night before . I found that tea tree oil is toxic when ingested internally and can cause ataxia , weakness , muscle tremors , and lack coordination -LRB- here 's some proof
 External application of tea tree oil undiluted and/or at inappropriate high doses has been associated with toxicity , including death , in cats and other animals , due to ingestion during grooming . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've been looking for an itch relief shampoo for my golden retriever , which I 'm sure she 's not the only breed that tend to get hot spots during the winter , but also the summer months . This product just did the opposite for her and now I 'm back with my old shampoo `` dermaplex '' . Guess it 's going to take a few more shampooings in the next couple of weeks to get the sores healed from biting so much . Sometimes it does n't pay to change shampoos ... had dogs for over 30yrs and most where golden 's . I do n't recommend this product for dog 's with sensitive skin ...
 This product did n't work . My dog has severe skin problems which intensify when the seasons change . Constant itching and skin licking . We have tried many products with little success . The vita-derm made her itching worse and licking a lot worse . We gave her the recommended dosage daily and used the whole bottle . The product also gave our dog horrible gas . For a dog with severe allergies , do n't waste your time or money with vita-derm .
 I am sorry to say that this feeder was a waste of money . Orioles were attacted to my yard via hummingbird feeders . Unfortunately , the hummingbird feeders attracted bees ... lots of bees ! I ordered different hummingbird feeder which worked in keeping bees away and keeping hummingbirds visiting feeders . I ordered this oriole feeder in hopes of keeping these beautiful birds coming to my yard and eliminating bee problem . Even though this product has bee guards , bees were attacted to it . It appears when the oriole feed on nector , the nector got on the bee guards thus attracting lots of bees . Had to take it down and unfortunately lost the orioles coming to my yard .
 Since the product I received was not the same as the picture , I ca n't really review it . The one I got is almost the same but the bee guards are little spring loaded buttons that almost cover the feeding hole . I say almost because the button leave a space that allows bees to get to the nectar . I finally had to take the feeder down because it would be completely covered with bees and a nuisance around the patio area . If ever a feeder with a `` real '' bee guard is manufactured I 'll be the first in line to buy it . As for the one I got , I give it a thumbs down .
 I used this feeder for three months and the hooded orioles were happy with it . They figured out the bee guard quickly . Other visitors were chestnut backed chickadees and humming birds who came to lick the nectar at the seams where the two part base is screwed together and lick the droplets clinging to the base.The tab on the top of the container prevents it from sitting flat on the counter for filling , so put it into a bowel upside down . Cleaning is easy , just fill it with a weak solution of bleach.I found that the best way to tighten the container and two part base is to screw them together upside down . Screw the top half of the base to the container and then screw on the bottom half of the base so you can press your thumb against the knuckle of the perch hinges . Getting it tight may be difficult for those with arthritis or weak wrists.A product that 's designed to hold water and leaks rates only one star . I may buy a different feeder for next summer 's orioles .
 This thing leaked everywhere , not at first , but gradually over a couple of weeks , it drained itself dry.Couldn ' t get it to stop leaking , thought about returning it , I just got frustrated and trashed it.The reason for 1 star , I did see 1 Oriole trying to use it , but just once , I never saw another one.I would n't recommend this product
 We gave this to my husband for a gift . We hung it up , and it immediately began dripping , emptying in less than 30 minutes . We attempted to refill , tighten things up , etc. , and the dripping was repeated . We would not buy this again . Very disappointed .
 Bought one of these feeders three years ago , worked super great so much easier than my last one , Loved it so much and so did the birds I bought a new one last week for my front yard , unfortunately dropped and broke my old one so I had to get another this week to replace it . For some reason where the pieces screw together at the base for easy cleaning leaks and the feeder is empty by morning . Both of them . It needs some sort of seal I would think . This is getting really expensive replacing feed every morning so I am going to look for another feeder . . Did not have this problem with the old one and it looked like it was the same design that 's what is so funny about it . . I would look for another also , do not get this one until they fix what the problem is . You know when two will leak then they all will . .
 Not good !!!! it seems to work great as long as the air is cool or the lig . is cold as soon as you either put warm liq . in it or the sun hits the liq . it will all drain out . I think I would return it if it was not for it being a gift and I have no reciept . Thank you , Donna
 Bought two of these after seeing orioles at our humming bird feeders . The bottoms of each are made in two parts that screw together . The problem is that both of them slowly leak out through this joint and will become empty overnite . They are worthless!Opus 449-2 Oriole Feeder
 This Perky-Pet Opus Plus -LRB- 449-2 -RRB- product 's design is a combination of good and bad -LRB- personally -RRB- . I really like the way the base feeder looks and feel -LRB- solid -RRB- , in fact the Orchard Oriole we have in the backyard prefer to feed on this in comparison with the Fliteline Junior -LRB- link below -RRB- which I also purchased . It allows them to freely move around the frame when selecting a hole.Here is the bad design !!! It is important to keep the feeder clean at all times ... This feeder does not allow easy access for clean-up . Buyer , please be aware , this product needs to be re-design , and purchasing this as-is , is a waste of your hard earned $ $ $ . Try the Fliteline Junior instead , if you care about a clean feeder on re-fills , while Opus Plus manufacturer make the needed improvement on their design!Fliteline Junior -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this oriole feeder , and when I used it the first time , I realized that the design of the upper part -LRB- that holds the nectar -RRB- caused a few problems . It has a very small opening where you fill it ... so plan on using a small funnel . That 's not a big deal . However ... when it comes time to clean that part , it is an impossible task . If the fill opening were big enough to use a bottle brush to clean , and larger to make filling easier , it would be a good oriole feeder .
 I was so excited to give my orioles their own feeder so they would leave my hummingbird feeders alone . This Opus feeder has ports that have plastic springs behind them to open up . Since the ports would move a little to open , it would terrify my orioles ! They 're very shy birds and this feeder was a waste of money . They all quickly went back to my hummingbird feeders .
 I read the reviews and decided to try this feeder anyway . I just packaged it up to return . After two days , it was leaking badly on the seam on the top of the orange bottom part . Not where the bottle screws in . I could have lived with the impossible to empty and clean the bottom piece for the price , but it has to hold liquid ... Good luck if you try it anyway like I did .
 We were having problems with bees taking over the hummingbird/oriole feeders & this sounded like a great solution . Unfortunately , the unit leaked around the bottom seam . The bees loved it ...
 This feeder works fine , however , it is the most difficult thing to clean I 've ever had ! First of all the container is a really awkward shape . It does not fit in your hand very well due to it 's wide girth . An old soda bottle would be easier to handle ! Secondly , it has a very small mouth which makes it difficult to insert a bottle brush . Then on the inside there are small plastic squiggles that hold the nectar dispensing buttons on which are also difficult to clean . The other problem is emptying the bottle . It 's flattened at the bottom and even with vigorous shaking you can never completely empty it.If they were to change the shape of the bottle -LRB- make it smaller in girth and widen the mouth -RRB- It could be a great product !
 The oriole 's did n't like this , but it did n't last more than a week until the sun beating on it warped where the bottom connected to the middle section & then it leaked . I should have returned it , but instead tossed it . Very disappointing . May have been OK in the shade , but the birds did n't care for it anyway . They liked the hummingbird feeder .
 I purchased this item based on its claim of the patented bee guards keeping bees out . First off it does not look like the picture , the drinking holes are round and have a small button inside that the orioles will push down to feed . Unfortunately , the bees learned within about an hour how to push the button down . They then go in to drink , ca n't get back out and die . The entire bottom of the feeder was full of bees within 24 hours of hanging the feeder . Does not work as intended . And is definitely not the same product shown .
 I 'm thinking about adding a pond feature to my property and purchased this DVD to give me ideas . Basically it 's little more than a `` Laguna '' pond products DVD . Yes , it covers the very simplest of basics but really does n't provide enough information to build a good pond much less a `` perfect '' pond . It did include a calculation for determining a pond liner size but it did n't explain how to calculate/determine pump size , filter size or type . They essentially discussed their products with a few very basic pond ideas and that was about it . Nothing they discussed creates the `` Perfect Pond '' . A couple pond magazines would provide far more information.Don ' t waste your money .
 I was looking for a toy that would challenge and keep the attention of my puppy and this seemed like a great find . He loved the squeakers and the crinkle paper inside the bone and the rings but it did n't take long for his sharp little teeth to rip holes in the bone and in the rings . Also , the rings were so hard to remove from the bone that he never quite got the hang of pulling them off , at least not on purpose . Perhaps the Intellibone would be better for an older dog that is n't an aggressive chewer .
 I upgraded the crabs tank from the tiny thing it gets when you buy one on the boardwalk to an actual tank and purchased this to replace the food they sold us which was basically gone by the end of the vacation . well its been some time now since i put this in the tank and he still has not touched it at all . The only thing this crab seems to eat is the driftwood in the tank . Wont eat fruits or veggies either and im amazed its even still alive .
 my hermit crab wont eat this i dont know how other crabs like it . i would n't get it if your hermit crab aready has a favorit food .
 This could be a great carrier if they fixed a couple of major problems . -LRB- These problems are big enough to rate a one star . -RRB- The first is the break handle . It is too close to the wheel , causing it to be in the way of free wheeling . It also clicks with every spoke.The second problem is the closing allows cats to escape . The only thing holding the front closed is the single latch in the center . It took my cats all of 2 seconds to find the escape routes and leave the carrier . I 'm glad they did it before I got outside .
 I purchased this carriage believing per the product description that this would hold my cat . not a chance , it would not hold anything . Number 1 , The material feels like paper and in fact could rip easily . Number 2 , the closure is velcro ! Come on really ? ... and they advertise that this is for a cat . Terrible product . A Rip-off . I can not even return it and get my money back because i can not find an appropriate box to ship it in . Living in NYC it would cost me more money to return it!HATED THIS Product !
 Very disappointed . Little assembly instructions , cup holder will not fit , if it is collapsable I have n't figured that out yet . Very little ventilation for pet , should be great for winter . Maybe by then I can figure out how to collapse it to fit in the car .
 This cup is too small for a betta to live in . Bettas -LRB- contrary to popular opinion -RRB- need more space than a small cup . Also , bettas are accomplished jumpers and will jump right out . I advise getting a tank of at least 2 gallons with a lid if you plan on keeping a betta . -LRB- My bettas go in no less than 5 gallons . -RRB-
 My cat really liked this product , unfortunately within the first hour , my cat took the feathers apart and it leaves nothing for the cat to play with . I have purchased other wand products in the past and they tend to last much longer . I ca n't find the cat wands that walmart used to sell , those used to last longer , but they only carry products that all look the same and my cats do n't really pay attention too .
 Our cat loves chasing the mouse , however the pole is incredibly flimsy . We detached the string from the pole and tied it to the pole of another toy that the cat had officially `` killed . '' He still loves it . However the metal ball inside the bell has come out so it no longer jingles and that was half the fun ! All in all , I would n't buy this again .
 So insanely cheaply made did not last 10 seconds before it was in pieces !! Do not waste your money . My dog managed to squeak it once before it literally came apart at the seams .
 Although these little bees are very cute , 2 of the 3 in our package fell apart within the first 10 minutes . I bought these as Christmas gifts to give to different dogs in our family and was very embarrassed to almost immediately find the toy 's stuffing on the floor . The bees both came apart at the seems , and when you see how far apart the stitches are it makes sense why . I guess that is why these are replacements for the hive toy and they are really not made to be played with separately . Overall , even though these are very cute , I was disappointed .
 We had the original bees and our dog loved them as a puppy . After a few years they finally developed a few tears . The replacement bees did n't last a day . They seemed to be a different material than the original bees .
 My 17 lb shih tzu loves these bees but they are not well made . The seams came loose on all of them after only 2 weeks , and he is not aggressive with his toys either .
 This is a very attractive feeder and if only goldfinches could use it I 'd be be very happy with the item . Unfortunately , house finches -LRB- who have their own feeder -RRB- seem to prefer the thistle seed and are quite capable of standing on a perch and stretching up to the the feeder hole above it . Each finch that does this essentially takes away TWO feeding stations from the goldfinches - the hole above the perch and the one below - so two house finches take up four stations , leaving only two available for the smaller and more timid goldfinches . And yes , there is a small platform under the feeder , just big enough for an ambitious house finch to brace against while it holds on to the metal frame above . This feeder empties out in just one day ... . and the goldfinches get very little of it .
 It was fun watching the goldfinches feed upside down.They however prefer to eat upright and would pass up this feeder for the normal feeder most of the time.But then after a rain ... the seed got wet and spoiled immediately . Cleaning it and putting in more seed became a regular occurence.So I got rid of the feeder .
 I was pretty excited to find a 3 lb upside down finch feeder . I have a ton of yellow finches in my back yard and decided to upgrade from the cheapo upside down tube finch feeders to this one.The disc at the bottom of this feeder is pretty useless . It seems to be more of a bird poop collector . It also helps stabilize the feeder when filling it up.Every time I glanced out the window I found the cheapo upside down tube feeder loaded with finches . I looked at my new feeder and found it was totally empty.A few finches tried the new feeder only to give up and go to the older feeder . I compared the two feeders and found that the pegs to the new feeder were considerably thinner.I am going to try adding some tubing to the pegs to thicken them up a little . Either way ; save your money on this feeder . It may look sharp ; but that 's about it .
 The picture for this product did not show the platform bottom that the larger birds are able to stand on and feed . It makes the feeder not practical for the purpose advertised . I will probably discard this product .
 Yes , the Gold Finch 's can hang upside down to feed but the vertical separation of the feed holes are to close together and this allows other birds to sit on a perch and reach the feed hole above it.I will soon be looking for a different upside down feeder as this one allows any small bird to sit on it and feed .
 There needs to be more space vertically between the stations , as the pesky house finches can easily stretch and reach the port above a perch . I was very surprised to see this , as I have had other upside down finch feeders that did not present this problem . A total waste of money .
 The qualaity of this feeder seemed very good . But I wanted a feeder that the house finches could n't use . They figured out they could reach a feeding port from a perch below . So they kept the smaller gold finches and pine siskins off the feeder . As a result I returned this feeder . If you do n't mind the house finches eating all the food , then this would be a good feeder
 The feeder is all black and does n't attract finches . We have returned to a feeder with a yellow top that is more appealing to and attracts many more gold finches .
 My local goldfinches , here in upstate NY , have shown no interest in feeding from this `` upside down '' feeder . They 'd rather stand on a perch and eat from my black oil seed feeder . The Birdscapes 736 has been outside for an entire week and is still full to the top . Perhaps if I took down my other feeders , the birds would have not choice . I 'm sorry I bought this feeder ... but I 'll keep waiting for a while before discarding it .
 We have had many upside down bird feeders and this is the first one that the Goldfinch will not feed on . I think they are afraid of the color . Our Goldfinch just go to other feeders .
 Sadly , I gave this to my Mom for a Christmas present . She calls me today , a month or so later to tell me how this feeder is not attracting any birds and that she 's sure it 's upside down . She did n't know that it actually is supposed to be an upside down bird feeder , so I had to laugh . Then she says `` I went over to my sister 's house and I 'm jealous because she 's getting all kinds of finches at her feeder and I 'm getting none ! '' I am giving this feeder a bad rating because my Mom does know what she is doing and this feeder is not attracting birds despite her expertise . I will now go to the local bird feeder store and buy something that actually works .
 Got this item from Amazon because it seemed like a really cool idea both a bubbler and LED in one . However , in receiving this product I realized how wrong I was . After setting it up in my 46 gallon bowfront the bubbler immediately stopped working ! I read other reviews about just shaking it and it will go back on but that never happened . I contacted Amazon and they sent me another one . I was impressed with the swift sale and the ease of getting a second device . However , after about an hour of working once again the aeration device stopped !!!! For the second time receiving this item it once again broke the day of . I was so disgusted and tried contacting Amazon once again . They still have not gotten back to me about the product and I am still waiting ... . I never write reviews about products but this one is sooooo bad I had to just let the public know , DO NOT BUY !!!!! It is more of a headache than anything else . I also think that Amazon even selling a product so unreliable as this one is just destroying their name ... -LRB- i wish i could have given it 0 stars but they do n't give you that option -RRB-
 This item comes with a US type plug . There 's no info that it has it and I had to buy an adapter . Shipping and handling I think is extremely expensive .
 Had success with the Airo 's once prior -LRB- without light -RRB- , but this one came broken . Only one warning
 I bought this for my dog who was experiencing some allergies that were making her scratch her belly until the hair was gone and she was bleeding . So a pretty severe allergy . This medicine did not seem to help at all . I took her to the vet and she put my dog on a prescription medicine that helped immediately . I did finish giving all the gel caps to my dog , but again , did not notice that it did anything .
 Well maybe this product would work if your cat will tolerate it . My cat however will NOT eat it in her dry or wet food . Even with a smaller dose than she needs . Waste of money for me . : -LRB-
 My dog chewed this whole thing down in less than 5 minutes ! I was expecting it to last longer . He is on the bigger end of the weight chart for this size bone -LRB- regular -RRB- , at 40lbs ... but I think it should have lasted longer .
 I BOUGHT THE ITEM ON THE 3RD OF MAY AND THE PUMP STOPPED WORKING BY THE MIDDLE OF MAY . I HAVE TO RETURN THE ITEM .
 The title is for Caribbean Crunch , but the description is for Instant Nuts for Alfredo . Ingredients are not for Instant Nuts for Alfredo , but seem to be for Caribbean Crunch . So which you 'll get if you order , I do not know .
 My clipper is about a year old , and a full charge now lasts less than 10 minutes . Unlike an earlier cordless clipper I have had , which allowed me to change batteries , this one does not . While the charge holds , it works very well , but a cordless clipper that only lasts 5 minutes or so is basically useless .
 The harness was great for the first day . I had left it on my 6 month old puppy the following day only to find she had chewed straight through the strap that goes under the belly from the neck to the waist . The material needs to be made of a stronger fiber which can not be so easily destroyed by the teeth of a teething and curious puppy . I had to throw the entire harness away as it would not longer stay straight on her body . What a waste !
 The gate looks great and is made of good quality wood , but my dog figured out how to push her way out in minutes .
 I bought this gate -LRB- not through Amazon -RRB- and was very disappointed . It fell apart in less than 6 months . And by fell apart , I mean the glued pieces came apart and the places where the screws go in got so warped that there was no hope for it staying together . Currently on a mission to find a better quality wide gate at hopefully a lower price .
 This gate looks awesome and I love the fact that it is easily moveable and does not mar the walls . However , my little 15 lbs non-athletic pug was able to easily move this to the side and get through it . The pugs are not jumpers so they have not hurdled over it , but they can push it to the side and escape . I would not trust this gate when leaving them home alone . It would be fine if you are in the house and just need to keep the dogs secure for some reason or another . I would not recommend this gate unless you have a itty bitty dog that is not intent on getting out .
 I purchased this gate and the matching `` large '' gate . My 6lb yorkie can push both gates , which are on hardwood floor !! Do n't buy .
 this product is made very well it did cost like $ 90 however if you dont have the correct doorway it doesnt work ... i returned it
 sorry i really wanted this gate to work well so i could get rid of what we 're currently using . it 's attractive enough but that is it . my 2 small dogs knocked it right over when they jumped up on it . they also can push the sides to get out that way too . we didnt like it at all . packed it up and sent it right back .
 I am upstairs at my computer right now . My dogs are gated in the kitchen with this item . As I am typing , my little 12 pound dog once again came racing upstairs to me after moving this gate to the side . It takes him a few minutes , but he can always move it . The bigger dog stays in because the opening is not big enough for him . It 's a very pretty gate , and it 's made well , but it does n't keep my dog in . I see another customer 's dog was also able to push it aside .
 This gate looks nicer than most and is easily portable but it is too short and awkward to fit in most of our door ways . Our dog -LRB- only 11 lbs -RRB- just jumped over the panel since it did n't fit flush against the stairs . Disappointing , but maybe we 'll be able to use it for our child .
 I bought this for my Mom 's Cat who has a blocked tear duct . This did n't work as we had hoped .
 i am still looking.it seemed that this was just perfumed rubbing alcohol.i really wanted to believe.i really wanted this to work.i 'll keep searching.it seems to me , that my dog pee ` dright back where i just cleaned to be ornery.this product did not work for me.i am ready to keep my dogs outside permanently.i ca n't trust them alone for one hour .
 I guess I am in the minority group on this one , but this did not work for me . I paid $ 16 at country max for the gallon size I really wanted to have enough to soak my puppies pee spots as per the instructions . I first tried it on an old spot -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- that still smelled after using my bissell carpet steamer . I first smelled the area and marked a circle larger than the target . I dumped a ton of product on to be sure it soaked in . I let it sit and blotted it up . The fragrance was so strong I thought it had done the trick , but after a week it got warm and humid outside and I could smell the pee even over the still strong sent of the product which I was falling out of like with . In an effort to find fault with my technique I tried it on a fresh pee site -LRB- thanks pup lol -RRB- . I first blotted up as much pee as I could then again spared no product and soaked my carpet . After the fragrance dissipated slightly I could smell the urine again ! Then today my friendly pup pooped in my sons room on linoleum . I used this opportunity to give the stuff one more try . I picked up the pieces and wiped the floor with the stuff , gave it ten minutes came back wiped again . Had to go back with bleach ! I think I am going to take my steam mop and try holding it over the carpet a few seconds and see if that works .
 Product did n't really work for me ; it still smells :-LRB- . I used it on a futon but I do n't think the product could get down into the fabric far enough . Not necessarily the products fault , but if you are going to use it on something with a lot of padding it may not be your panacea .
 For the amount I paid for the fluid ounces , I would n't bother . This does n't get out urine smell more than any other carpet shampoo does . In fact the reason I wanted to try this was to get rid of urine smell , which still using vinegar/water/soap / peroxide -LRB- pick your combo -RRB- works better at doing anyhow . Just remember
 I tried this because the vet 's best allergy tablets are superb . Unfortunately , one application of the shampoo , thoroughly rinsed off , and all the dogs had red bellies and more itching . return was simple and pleasant , probably worth a try if your dog is not as sensitive .
 I like it for him . His fur feels so soft aqfter using this product . What else can I say . Great .
 This was recommended to me because my dog suffers year-round itching from dust allergy . After using it 2 different times , I was extremely disappointed with the results . I think the strong smell actually attracted mosquitoes to him , and he had NO relief in his itching . Also caused some flakes on his backside . Wo n't be using anymore of it .
 Ordered for brother 's dog & it arrived leaking . Brother got it in his eye but with constant flushing with water he can not get burning under control . Inconvenient . Would appreciate a replacement at no cost & since he is in another state & has health issues I want him to keep the first bottle for the inconvenience . I hope this is fair & would be happy to remove this.Also with the burning very concerned on reaction on the dog . Will it be ok ?
 There are two things i do n't like . One is the product 's smell . For me , the smell of Simple Solution was overly strong , unpleasant and persistent . the other disappointment is that the nozzle does not have a stream option . The products i 'd used before had 4 positions on the nozzle , Stream , Spray and Off -LRB- 2 off positions -RRB- as you turn the nozzle around . This product only had two Off positions and two Spray positions , no Stream position . This was a huge problem for me , for the purposes i use this for . Sometimes i need a stronger more concentrated stream that i can aim at the stain . Other times i want a spray to cover a larger area and not penetrate as deeply . I want to have both options . Most cleaning bottles i 've used and other pet odor bottles had both options . I really could n't believe Simple Solution would omit something that basic and important . But they did . I tried it again and again in disbelief -- two spray positions , two off positions , that was it
 The so-called cure is worse than the problem . This product smells horrible . Just walking by the room almost makes me throw up . I 've no clue how to get the stench out of the carpet .
 This product gives off an odor far worse than anything you 're trying to get rid of .
 While the rubber grip is nicely made , if falls a little short . I did n't feel that it was a good scrub brush , it did not feel right or lather well . To make matters worse the bottle leaked ...
 The applicator is a hard 2 ounce plastic bottle which you fill with shampoo , BUT , impossible to squeeze shampoo out of . The body brush is nice and soft , so my dog liked it . If you are looking for a shampoo applicator that is easy to squeeze do not buy this one .
 This is definitely not worth wasting your money on . It does n't hold enough shampoo for any dog bigger than a chihuahua and the bristles are so large and rubbery that they stick in the fur and you ca n't get a good lather up . Would not recommend it .
 The smell I was warned of I was somewhat prepared for . . . I was not prepared to not be able to be ANYwhere on the entire level of the house while the smell was evaporating . . . Took me about 4-5 hours of running the house fan , WITH the windows open , to be able to be back in the room where the rug was . . . -LRB- Me and my cat stayed upstairs in my bedroom with the doors shut until the smell evaporated -RRB- . . . The smell is VERY strong . . . I 'm one of those weirdos that likes the smell of gasoline and fresh paint . . . And the smell of this product is on ANOTHER level entirely . . . I literally felt that if I breathed it in that I was going to pass out and/or die . . . It REALLY stinks !!! I was not prepared for the warning message at the top of the instructions
 Our Chihuahua pup did not even hesitate , just peed right on places I sprayed repeatedly . I sprayed every day for a week and then gave up . Giving it to my son , see if it works with his cats .
 I used this product as directed , but my dog keep doing the same thing in the same place . Product does n't work , I will not recommend it .
 I have n't received product I 've ordered so I called customer service . They said you can keep wrong product as a gift and they promised to send right one . After few days I 've received exactly the same wrong one . So now I have two wrong ones . One I have actually ordered never arrived . I didnt ' bother to call again . So much about SIMPLE SOLUTION . It 's not Amazon fault . I still shop with Amazon because I think they are the best site for on-line shopping . Thanks !
 I ordered the simple solsution ORIGINAL training pads . What I got was NOT what I ordered.I did get Simple Solution Puppy Pads but they are not nearlyas good as what I ordered.These pads leak through and onto the floor . This was never the case with the ORIGINALS.The long and short of it is simply this
 I purchased two of these Canine Coolers for my Dog , while he enjoyed the coolness of the mat after seven months of use both mats developed leaks where the seams are . Although , the box clearly shows a truck being driven over the mat , making claims it will not break . After paying over eighty bucks for each mat , I now have moldy water on my carpet from the mat leaking on my floor . Both mats broke in the same places and were not over filled . I had faith in this products claims and will never buy this product again , I can not return it to the store and have no proof when I purchased it -LRB- less then 7 months ago -RRB- to collect from the 2 year warranty from the company . Buyer beware on this product . Sad to say , good idea bad product .
 It works and our dog loved it but it kept failing on the seams . Customer service kept replacing it until two years were up and then they said the poor quality was our problem since they supplied new ones to cover the two year warranty . We patched the seam and then the other seam failed a few months later on the other side of our final replacement . We replaced it with a K&H COOL BED II . With such a poorly made product I do n't know how the Canine cooler company will survive ?
 In the past year I have purchased two of these cooler bed for my Akita . She loves the coolness of the bed , but the darned beds only last a few months before springing a leak ! -LRB- let me add , my dog is not a digger or a chewer , so this happened under `` normal '' usage -RRB- After the first bed sprung a leak and was unfixable , I swore I would n't waste any more money . But I gave in after a couple of months and bought a second one , thinking I 'd fill it with less water , be extra careful , etc. . Less than half a year later , that one sprung a leak , as well . I have heard similar stories from other frustrated buyers . Yes , my dog liked it while it lasted , but unless you are OK with buying 3 or 4 at a time so you have a replacement all ready to go when it leaks , it 's just a source of aggravation . Oh yeah , and if your carpet ends up ruined in the process , as mine was , that just adds to the insult !
 I bought this for my aging pug because of the stellar reviews.When I received the product , I saw that you had to fill it up with water . I would not have ordered this had I known that because we have hardwood floors . Also , there were no instructions included in the carton.When I called the seller to get more information and mentioned that the product description had no mention of water , she argued/escalated , `` yes it does ! '' Sorry , just did another text search of the product page and it 's not mentioned anywhere . Then she put me on hold and my call was disconnected . The next rep was very friendly and helpful . She mailed me a return shipping label to return the product.After a google search , I was able to find the manufacturer 's directions so decided to give it a try . It is indeed cool , but my picky dog wo n't lay down on it . I 've tried everything -LRB- putting a pillowcase from my bed on it , bribery , etc. -RRB- Hopefully one of the dogs at the rescue around the corner will like it more than mine did .
 I was disappointed because I thought after all the good reviews this would be the product that finally worked for us . My dog has been suffering from chronic yeasty ears for 2 years and the vet 's prescription meds are no longer working . The actual wash burned his ears he would yelp when I put it in . After a couple times he would no longer let me put it in his ears . I then tried Zymox without hydrocortisone which has since cleared them up perfectly . I may try the wash again now that his ears are cleared up , but I 'm a little reluctant .
 I used this for 3 days in my dogs ears . It made his ears very painful and even made them bleed . I do not recommend it . Wish I would n't have boughten it .
 Read a review on one of the labradoodle websites recommending this product . Purchased and used . However my experience was n't good . Dog hated it . The herbs in it are strong smelling . I suspect that the tea tree stings as well . The minute I 'd finish applying it , my dog would throw himself to the ground , rubbing his ears and groaning . I recommend instead that you use Zymox -LRB- also available through Amazon -RRB- . It contains hydrocortisone and will clear up yeast infections while easing dog 's misery .
 It came in the mail with the box some what opened . I twisted off the tops and the products smelled like old vinegar and the wash was already opened . The dry was still unopened but I never used either product .
 My dog has been swimming in the river with us this summer and we wanted a product to help wash his ears out . This product caused my dog to break out in hives all around his ears and down onto his face/neck . He was miserable and scratching at the hives.We took him to the vet when he had trouble breathing . The vet said that many dogs can be allergic to homeopathic treatments and ours was having a severe reaction.Our dog is fine now after a series of shots , antibiotics , Benadryl , etc but I would STRONGLY recommend you purchase an ear wash from your vet so as to not risk making a minor problem worse .
 These items were ok . I used it for a while but my dog started to have allergic reactions to it so had to stop using . Our chihuahua is very senstive though .
 I know that the label reads `` for dogs '' but under the product discription it says that it is safe for cats over 12 weeks . THIS IS NOT TRUE ! It contains tea tree oil and lemon essential oils which are both toxic to cats . Please research this before you purchase it .
 This product works best on a pet with mild skin issues , in my opinion . It smells nice , not strong , and is not very oily , which is good too . Effective , for my mini-Schnauzer with skin allergies associated with flea bites and otherwise , it is not !! Hence , I have sought other remedies ...
 This is advertised as Large . I assumed it would be like other dog bowl I have which is 10 inches across the bowl top . I assumed when they gave the dimensions it would be similar . Instead the top bowl is only 6 inches . When they gave 9 inches they meant the bottom . It should really be labeled small or medium size not large . Description is misleading .
 I 've soaked this thing for months and boiled for many hours but it still turns my tank a tea color . Also , the piece i received was barely 9 inches which is tiny .
 Very simply the Heron is still fishing my pond clean of hundreds of dollars worth of fish .
 I bought two of these , plastic Herons and they DO NOT INCLUDE THE LEG PICTURED now I have no use for a nesting heron and I will have to return these two Heron Decoys to get ones that can stand on their own two legs .
 I just got a small dog after falling in love with my friend 's small dog of the same breed . My friend trained her dog on puppy pads , and had a plastic frame that held the pad in place . I could n't find her particular frame in a store here in California , so purchased this frame . The problem with this one is that you have to take four pieces apart EVERY time you replace the pad and then put the entire frame back together . It 's a major pain . I ended up buying a second frame from Amazon.com -LRB- via KV Vet Supply -RRB- by `` Nothing Like It '' Designs . The top frame piece is a single piece , and picks up easily when you have to change pads . I like the single piece frame so much better !
 THIS THING IS EIGHT PLASTIC PIECES OF JUNK . Does it really have any purpose at all ? I did n't bother returning it because it would cost more to ship and luckily did not lose my shirt on this thing . I left it out in the recycling for someone to take it . It does not hold together well and has to be taken apart each time . The pieces do not fit together well at all.DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !
 Although it does stop my border terrier from shredding the pads , this holder is a complete pain in the arse to use . You have to disassemble the four piece frame every time and I have found this very cumbersome and time consuming . Now having to buy an all-in-one .
 I was hopping to get something with a little wieght to it so that my puppies could n't get the pad out and shred it . This is very light weight and only lays together . The pieces do not lock together at all . My puppies actually completely disassembled it and shredded the pad anyway .
 I can see why this thing is cheaper than other products with a similar function - this one is junk.As others mentioned , it is in 8 pieces , 4 top & 4 bottom - I suppose so they could ship it easier/cheaper . Problem is that every time you have to change a pad , the top has to completely come apart & most of the time part of the bottom falls apart also . And with my puppy , she still shreds the pee pee pads . I bought mine in a pet store . I would recommend that a prospective buyer may want to spend a little more , and get a better product .
 Do n't buy this product !! The box arrived completely soaked through and the bottle was empty .
 I also received a soaked box with about 25 % of this product left in the bottle . I was able to use it enough to tell it is a good product , but I recommend you buy something at your local retailer where it does n't have to be shipped .
 I ordered this product but was unable to use it . 9/10ths of the product had leaked out and soaked everything in the package . It was wrapped in plastic , but the plastic was very thin . The bottle was not closed securely and made a horrific mess . I do n't know if it works 'cause I was unable to use it .
 My dog does not like the sleeves and when I put it on her she refuse to walk . The pattern is cute .
 I wish we had read these reviews first . My husband is AC contractor , very competent with assembly , and this thing is pathetic to install . Now we have a hole cut in our door for a product that we will return tomorrow to the home improvement store . My next attempt at purchase will be to do my homework with Amazon customer reviews and purchase online . Totally unacceptable . I really want to give it zero star .
 I will NEVER buy another PetSafe product and only wish I 'd seen these reviews before purchasing , at a local retailer , or attempting the installation . This is the first and last PetSafe product I will ever purchase . Any company that would design , manufacture and sell such a piece of S ## T is one that will never get another dollar of my hard earned money!I did manage to install it successfully with my wife 's help holding the inserts together and using krazy glue to build , as another refered to as , a subassembly . Even so , after building the subassembly , I had to force it to fit on the two exterior flanges because they do n't fit together properly . Basically , they 're too small . Do not attempt any of this installation with the door hung . Take the door off and put it on horses . Make sure you cut the inserts that cover between the two halves about 3/16 '' - 1/4 '' narrower than the thickness of the door so the plastic wo n't buckle from being too wide or be too narrow to stay in place then build the subassemply . The length of the bolts , measured from the bottom of the bolt head to the end , i.e. the amount of exposed threads , needs to be exactly 1/4 '' longer than the thickenss of the door . Otherwise , the bolts will be too short or too long to install the caps . Ideally , cut them to length with a fine bladed hacksaw and file the end so you can thread the nut on or cut with a dremmel . If you cut the bolt as the instructions show you will get two things . A nice new plastic door with nice new scratches AND caps that will not fit because the bolt will be too long . Oh , by the way , the bottom of the door winds up about a half-inch higher than where you think based on the instructions so , deduct at least a 1/2 '' from the measurement you take from your cat to locate the bottom of the hole.In the end , it is installed properly with great difficulty by a former carpenter and it looks like a plastic piece of junk on my typical raised panel hollow core door . Oh well , it will serve my purpose . I should 've built my own from scratch as I was going to . My greatest pleasure was after suffering through the installation was then reading the reviews and understanding every comment . I must say , I 've now had several laughs.I would only recommend this to an individual I want to inflict great frustration on . I would also tell this person that it was quite easy as long as you follow the instructions to a tee . If you buy this , good luck !
 As a handyman of 30 years , I should n't have had any trouble installing a cat door . On this door , I nearly tore my hair out in frustration . I ca n't believe the designers of it ever actually tried to install one ! I ended up leaving the decorative inner liner out entirely -LRB- Fortunately , the homeowner did n't mind -RRB- . An absolute piece of junk .
 I 'm on my second one in less than a year . I have nothing new to add , but I wanted to make sure my vote counted . To reiterate the other complaints :1 -RRB- The instructions are horrible . There are pictures only -LRB- do that many illiterates really buy these ? -RRB- , and there is n't nearly enough detail .2 -RRB- The quality is shoddy . The `` locks '' are such in name only . My cat was able to push his way through the door with little difficulty .3 -RRB- The manufacturing is poor . The parts simply do n't mate properly.On the plus side , the beleaguered gentleman I talked to at customer service for PetSafe seemed to want to help me , though he denied there was a problem with this door , despite my reading him the reviews posted here . If I can find my receipt , he 'll send me a new door . I guess that 's the best I can hope for at this point .
 I have put a lot of things together in my half century on this planet , but must admit this is one of the worst pieces of junk I 've ever encountered . There 's no way to line up the plastic strips as others have mentioned . And the whole thing was warped or twisted or something , so of course I tried to tighten the screws to fix it . Oops ... cracked the frame . I would be embarassed to market such a poor product . I strongly encourage others not to buy this , unless of course you enjoy getting angry and frustrated dealing with substandard products.UPDATE 8/2012 ... I did eventually cobble this thing together for use . It is used inside the house leading to a laundry room where the cat has his litterbox . The door tends to come down hard on the cat 's tail , but his has adapted a pretty good technique for letting it down . We found it necessary to lock him in the room one time when a non-friendly dog was in the house . Forget it . He rammed the door hard enough to break off the little plastic door locks . I still do n't recommend this product .
 We spent over thirty dollars on this door , as we are relocating our cat 's litter boxes into an alcove . As with the other reviewers of this product , we have found the assembly to be virtually impossible . We had the forsight to cut the insert strips before assembling the door , however , we have still met with the ridiculous task of trying to hold the two inserts together WHILE keeping the plastic barrier strips in the tiny grooves , which , by the way , never lock into place properly , we are almost an hour & a half into production and we are n't finished yet ... just another example of throwaway ecconomy ... spend lots of money on a product that 'll be junk , most likely before you 're done putting it together .
 It was a pain to install and really needs two people . And if you have a persistent cat they can just pop the dial knobs right off and get out . My cat does this all the time . And my dog , who can only fit his head through , managed to snap of other part of the dial knob . Not really worth the $ 10 replacement kit when they will just do the same thing again .
 Utter crap . Whoever designed it should be exiled to Antarctica , along with the money grubbing shark who decided to charge anything over 5 bucks for it.All the other reviews sum it up , just wanted to lower the rating some more .
 I just finished trying to install the cat door and the instructions are very inadequate . There is no words , just pictures that are confusing to interpret . I thought the flap would take about 30 minutes to install - it took 90 minutes and because the instructions were bad it was n't even installed the correct way . Save your money and look for something else .
 We fought this hunk of crap for over 2 hours . We had four hands and twenty spread out fingers on it and both sides of the door and everything kept springing apart . I wanted to quite smoking this week , but I went after two more cigarettes after this experience . The inserts DO NOT snap . You must glue them , tape them , or perhaps melt the plastic together with a lighter . CHEAP CHINESE CRAP not ever worth thirty bucks . I HAVE BEEN ROBBED.This design is such garbage and could be remedied so simply . If they just made the center plastic strip part of each of the end pieces in it could `` telescope '' from 2 inches to 1 inch.I 've never been so furious at a product since buying a Linksys router . NO MORE Staywell cat doors . I 'll just buy two hinges and cut out a square piece of wood . That way I 'll save $ 30 and have the pride of good craftsmanship .
 And if you got this as a gift , realize that person probably hates you.I got this as an impulse buy at a retail pet store and finally got around to installing it today . Or should I say `` attempting '' to install it . As most of the reviews state , this product is deeply flawed . This design is sold under more than one company name , so watch out . Literally nothing fits the way it should . Yes I do mean `` literally '' . The picture only instructions are ambiguous or just plain wrong and there are no written instructions . Oh , and if you make it to the end , where the instructions show a picture of a hacksaw shortening the screws to allow the end caps to fit , it wo n't work . The screws need to be slightly shorter than the opening , not flush with it the way the will be when you are done . It would have been nice to know that before I spent 20 sweaty minutes sawing through metal.Trying to install this thing was an exercise in frustration . I spent 2 hours trying to make this work and have given up . The stress this thing caused me probably took a year off my life . I have n't been this mad in a long time . I now have a circular hole in my door and I only hope I can find a slightly larger pet door to install or I will have to replace my door.What have I learned from this experience ? Make sure everything will fit together BEFORE you cut a hole in your door .
 We just moved to a new home . My list of things to do was to install a microwave , dishwasher and this cat door . The cat door , which my wife picked up at the local Lowe 's store , took the longest to install , and was the most frustrating experience for me ... ever ! The instructions are incorrect , and the plastic inside liners is a poor choice of construction , not to mention the difficulty they cause during installation . IN CAPS ... DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!
 Where do I start ? This had to be the most miserable thing I ever tried to assemble.There is a soft plastic frame insert that lines the cat opening on each side of the door . It fits ... kind of . It was impossible to hold it altogether and then try to insert the screws . I ultimately had to use masking tape to hold it all altogether before placing it into the door
 I purchased this with the intention of installing it in a wall . The package claims a universal fit that will work for walls -LRB- additional items may need to be purchased -RRB- . When I called the company to buy the tunnel extension I found out that does n't exist . Not only that , I was n't the first person even than day to call for the piece that does n't exist . Now I have a door I ca n't use and I ca n't return . Their terrible customer service just offered an apathetic sorry . They did not care and their product sucks . I will avoid Pet Safe and Invisible Fence brand products from this point forward . Lesson learned .
 walk on by ... this is totally worthless . Customer service is not very apologetic for such a piece ... just keeping looking ... If you do buy this you should get yourself a nice big roll of tape to aid assembly .
 The biggest piece of junk I 've ever bought ... bar none ... I guess it was too much trouble to actually write instructions for this thing ... pictures only ... and they were wrong ... Hey petsafe ... I know how to read !!!
 Works very well , now that it 's assembled . Measuring & cutting was very simple , especially with the door removed and on horses . BUT , the directions are very misleading . The pieces would not go together using the measurements in the directions . We had to recut and try to install 3 times for the pieces to fit properly . It took 3 hours to make this work . We had to use tape to hold the pieces together . We could not make it work without the tape . There is no way to remove the tape , so it is visible . We built our own house and yet this was a challenge . An ingeniously poor design .
 If I could give this product zero stars I would , that 's how bad it is!You would think that for a pet door , you would get two pieces of plastic that come together to cover the thickness of the door . WRONG!You get 3 pieces of plastic
 This product is difficult to install , and is easily broken by animals using it . It is for my cat , but my dog
 do n't buy this product . you 'll be sorry . we had it for a week with one cat and had to return it . the door `` handle '' to lock and unlock quickly broke and the white plastic duhicky that covers the screws fell out . save your money !
 We were installing new doors and our cat has gained some weight , so we bought this and had the contractor install it in the new door . No complaints from him on the installation end , but it wo n't close . It 's always open at least 2 inches and stays there unless we push it closed . Also , the frame is huge - way bigger than it needs to be - and looks unsightly on a nice paneled door . Luckily , it 's on an interior door -LRB- so the dog ca n't get to the cat 's food and litter box -RRB- so the non-closing is n't a HUGE issue . It 's just plain ugly and does n't work as it should .
 A most aggravating door to install , although I see that they now provide a video . No doubt it is needed ! But not so sure that it would make it any easier . Once it is installed a few hours and some broken plastic later , it works pretty well . That is , until the brittle plastic door flap breaks in the cold weather when your large cat barges through it . And , it will break , I assure you - just give it time -LRB- a little less than a year will be about right -RRB- . I have been through 5 of these ! The flap is very simple to replace - if only they provided a replacement . Of course , that would be too economical and easy for the customer - thus , one has to spend the full price of another door to get the flap , and I highly advise that if you do n't have to go through installing the whole door again , just take the new flap and plop it into the old space and throw away the rest . Otherwise , you and a partner will be in for a few more aggravating hours of trying to fit and place the new one . Please , please folks at PetSafe Staywell , provide a replacement flap that we can buy!Once you cut up your house or storm door to install one of these , the hole wo n't be the right size for any other model , so you will be stuck with this same animal door until you decide to replace your house door - when all you typically will need to do is replace the flap ... except that a replacement is not available ! Start off with another brand that provides replacement parts , or else be prepared to buy more than one of these if you hope to get much time out of your investment and mental state -LRB- once you go though installing it -RRB- . Suggestions :1 -RRB- Once you cut the brittle plastic liner that has to fit between the inside and outside - use the smaller , cutoff piece in the door . The instructions make it look like you use the width of the house door for this piece - it will be too wide and if you try to force it , you will break the plastic liner anyway .2 -RRB- Glue or tape the plastic liner in place on one side of the cat door - otherwise it will drive you crazy trying to line it up as it falls out . They could make this better - maybe something like a rubber seal ? 3 -RRB- Put the door together lightly and see how much of the screw you will need to cut off - if you wait to cut off the excess until the door is installed , you will not be able to cut them short enough to cover the ends with the provided screw caps .4 -RRB- Use care not to get the screws too tight - the flap wo n't operate freely if you do get them real tight .5 -RRB- Partly because you can not tighten the screws really tight , the outside part of the cat door may not fit snug against your door , in which case be prepared to have to seal the outside part of the cat door -LRB- at the top where the rain matters -RRB- with something - this part of the cat door is thin and flexible - a good design for sealing itself against your house door , if only you could pull it tight without causing other problems .6 -RRB- Waste your time and write to PetSafe , like I have , and ask them to build a replacement flap . They will likely ignore you .
 Insufficent Instructions.never will buy another petco product.no instruction , just pictures that do n't work . watched video on line , was helpful . need to rewrite directions .
 I have used some pretty poorly designed products , but this should win an award for awful . I think it was designed by a summer intern on his laptop , then sent immediately to production without testing . This thing is 6 pieces of plastic that have absolutely no desire to naturally stay together until all 4 bolts are tightened . You must assemble these pieces from both sides of the door simultaneously , then insert 4 bolts and nuts and tighten them all simultaneously with equal pressure lest the whole thing fall apart . And you must do this without comprehensible instructions as the included template/instruction sheet has very basic line drawings that leave out any hint of crucial details.If you do n't care that the interior of the door shows , then it goes together in 5 minutes because you can scrap 4 of the 6 pieces and just use the outer halves.I ca n't believe this has gotten bad reviews for over 4 years and the company still manufactures it . Just goes to show that they do n't give a d -- m about the product or repeat customers . As long as they make money off of this thing they will sell it . Will never buy another product from this company .
 I bought this item from another retailer , but the abysmal quality of this product forced my hand in writing this review . Let me just say that I am no expert - just a simple do-it-yourselfer that wanted to install a cat door in a hollow interior door.The project starts out simple enough by cutting a hole in the door using a jigsaw by using the included template . I followed the instructions of some other websites and built a small wooden frame within the interior door so as to provide some additional support for the cat door.The kit includes two flat plastic pieces , each of which goes on one side of the door over the cut hole . The two pieces are to be connected by bolts . The inside of the cut hole is to be lined with a plastic strip , that somehow , you must cut with amazing accuracy to be the width of the door into which you are installing the cat door . While holding one of the plastic pieces on one side of the door , you must insert the cut plastic strip , put the other plastic piece on the other side of the door , then bolt it all together . As someone else mentioned , two hands are not enough . You need six or more to accomplish this . It is extremely frustrating - at this point I gave in and threw away the plastic strip away and decided to line the interior of the cat door with some foam weatherstripping instead.After finally tightening the bolts , the two plastic pieces did not lay flat against the door . I - somewhat foolishly - attempted to tighten the bolts a bit more which only caused the plastic to give way . I bought some small washers which helped to make the cat door sit more flush with the interior door . Of course , given my decision to make the cat door sit flat against the door - and to cap off an increasingly frustrating project - I was not able to insert the plastic covers provided to cover the bolt heads.I wish I would have looked at Amazon first to read how much frustration others had with this terribly crafted product . The pains that other reviewers had are the same as those I encountered.Avoid this product at ALL costs ! I would give this product less than one star if possible .
 It would have taken me less time to train my cat to just open and close the downstairs door than it did for me to install this waste of money product . I wish I would have read the reviews before I bought it . I would love to meet the guy who wrote the instrudtions and watch him follow is own steps . I would put money on it that it would take him over an hour as well . Please take my advise and read other reviews until you find a product most people like . DO NOT BUY THIS ONE .
 If the engineers who designed this had the specific goal of making installation difficult and error-prone , they succeeded beyond their wildest dreams . I can ignore the parts that do n't quite fit , because a little muscle and cussing will get them to stay . It 's that one step in installation that turns into a walk through hell , the step where you have to juggle six separate parts , none of which snap together and few of which self-align , from both sides of the door , while threading the bolts through from front to back.I could chew plastic and spit a better design . Would it have been so hard to have just a front and a back , with the tunnel through the door built into each face-plate , so they telescope together to adjust to the door 's thickness ? Then , if the nuts were truly captive instead of free-floating , one person could install this in just a few minutes . Instead , this requires two people , one of whom has to be very tolerant of the other 's swearing.In short , there is no one that I hate so much I would recommend this product to them . This is the worst assembly I have ever encountered , for any product of any kind . When this breaks , as other reviews assure me it will , I 'm going to fabricate the next one myself . -- wiredweirdPS
 For the money you pay , you get two pieces of plastic door molding , a thin plastic door , and 2 plastic strips ... oh and a fun hour or two of trying to do with 2 hands what you should have 6 for . There goes 1 star.The instructions are actually wrong , which will cause you an extra hour of frustration . That 's another star . The plastic strips are what line the hole that you just cut in your door . Most interior doors are hollow , and made of a pressed paperboard , basically stiff cardboard . So the plastic strips line the hollow middle of the door . The instructions tell you to cut the strips to the thickness of the door . However , the plastic inserts that they go into have a thickness of their own which go into the door by about 1/8 inch each.You wo n't find this out until you perform the juggling act of putting one side door on , balancing the plastic insert in the side , putting the plastic strips into the insert , then putting the other side 's insert and door in place , then finally trying to thread the screw into the loose nut that recesses into the hole . Once you get all 4 screws tight , only then will you realize that not only is there a 1/8 '' gap on each side of the door , but the door itself wo n't open because the plastic is bowed . There goes another star!Once you have it cut * just * perfect -LRB- if you cut it a hair too short then it wo n't fit inside the inserts and the whole door will be useless -RRB- , and tightened just right -LRB- rather like tuning a piano -RRB- , then the door will swing open and shut without getting pinched . Then you can worry about the mundane things like how to fill the decorative recesses in the door that the cat-door is n't flush to.The bottom line is that this should be 1/3 of the price for what you get ... and do n't get . It 's cheap construction with too little thought having gone into the assembly , and it looks like a cheap white cat door screwed into the door when you 're all done .
 a couple mos ago , we bought this cat door as an answer to the problem of our cats bringing in critters . it is a four way locking door and our intention was , as we live in the country and have coyotes , owls , wild dogs etc. , to lock the door so the cats could come in and be locked from going back out at night and to keep them out during the day and to prevent them from bringing mice and various other snacks in.the door worked well for a little while , however they quickly learned to press on the plastic door hard enough to pop the hinges off and we would come home and find bloody mouse bits on our floor . i tried the secure the hinges more , but the other night one of them pressed hard enough to actually break the door right in half.this door should be strong enough to prevent this , knowing that cats are going to try to force their way in . not to mention it has a poor insulating value , and is drafty and blows open alotoverall i was very unhappy with this door . unless if you live in the city , prefer the non locking door , live in a warm climate or have wimpy cats i would not recommend this product .
 This was extremely difficult to install and our dog is constantly locking the cats wherever they happen to be at the time . The magnet broke off the bottom of the door , and two of the four plugs used to cover the screw holes are gone . I have had this door for 6 months and am looking for a replacement already -LRB- after some procrastination -RRB- . I will be replacing this item unless I simply can not find a different door that fits this one 's hole or a slightly larger door hole .
 This is the worst design I think I might have ever seen in my entire life . Impossible to install . I have a been a finnish carpenter for 20 years and have installed kitchens with $ 200,000.00 cabinets . I build acoustic guitars in my spare time.I dont know who they think is supposed to be able to install this thing . booooooooo . booooooooooo . booooooooo . shame on you cat door designer you suck ! go back to school .
 There 's not a single piece that fits well in the entire construction . It took two people , an hour , and a lot of duct tape just to get this into the door.You 're expected to cut down the ` tunnel ' plastic -LRB- in two poorly-fitting pieces -RRB- to the width of your door , however this destroys the lip that catches in the plastic adapter pieces , meaning it wo n't hold nicely without tape . The adapter pieces do n't catch on the door pieces at all , and pop right off without constant pressure . Once you 've got it sufficiently secured with duct tape to actually put the bolts through , there is no room even with needle-nose pliers , to hold the nuts in place while tightening ... which I suppose is a blessing because if you overtighten it , it 'll compress the tunnel and prevent the door from opening ... . and the last figure in the instructions shows you taking a hacksaw to the overlength bolts to make it flush . No joke .
 Piece of Crap . Worst Design ever . Buy something else . Anything else , really . Buy a hatchet and smash a hole in the door ; it will work better than this huge piece of crap product . Did I mention it was complete crap ? Crap Crap Crap .
 I had a friend of mine , a custom home builder , come over to my house to install this cat door . I watched in agony as he worked for almost 2 hours to complete the job . He said that it was much easier installing tile and wood floors in his homes than to install this simple device . I felt so guilty as I watched him repeatedly try to attach this flap to the door . In all the years that I 've known him , this was the first time I 've ever heard him swear . When he finally completed the job , the door worked just fine , but I still give it just 1 star due to the nearly impossible task of installing it . My advice to anyone contemplating purchasing this is , do n't .
 We use this cat flap to keep a door closed , stopping the litter smell from going throughout the house . We also wanted to lock the flap to be able to feed one of our cats separately . We locked the cat flap and put the food-stealing cat in the room . As soon as he heard the food outside the room , he started head butting the locked cat flap . I watched and was happy the flap was holding , however after 30 secs , he started to back up and ram the cat flap with a running start . At this point it appeared the cat flap would break . I quickly let him out before the small plastic locks broke.The cat flap performs the task of preventing air flow out of the room , but the locks are useless to me .
 This is the third time I 've had to replace this door . I would n't buy another except I have a huge gaping hole in my door that no other cat door seems to fit . My cats have ripped the door off its hinges , cracked the door into pieces , and just yesterday , cracked the frame of the door into a billion pieces , fighting with a stray that came into the house . I have five cats so I really need a door , but I need one to sustain force of a little bit of pressure . This is such a poorly made product and I doubly agree a pain in the butt to put together .
 After wrestling with this awful piece of crap for a couple of hours , I have given up and come to Amazon to execize my only option in revenge - a terrible review . However , it seems I 'm not the first with this experience.Everything everyone else says is right on . It does n't fit together properly and the plastic is so thin and cheap that it bows and the door catches and wo n't open . The fatal flaw , in my opinion , is that one is required to cut an extrordinarily large , oversize round hole , and the whole thing is supposed to hold itself in place by squeezing the wood door by tightening the bolts running between the two plastic frame pieces -LRB- as opposed to drilling it into the door -RRB- . The problem with this design is that the plastic is so thin and cheap that , when the bolts are tightened to the point that the frame is under sufficient pressure to hold the frame in place on the door , the plastic frame bows in and the door itself will not open or close.I really , really wish I 'd done some research on this before cutting a giant round hole in the door . Now I need a new cat flap and a new door . My only hope is to screw some hinges to the round piece of wood I cut out . It will look terrible , but I guess no worse than the loose , crooked , non-opening PetSafe Fat Kitty Cat Door that 's in there now ... DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!
 This is a poorly engineered product . It needs negative stars . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy it.If you 've already made the mistake of buying it and cutting a hole on your door , as I did , then watch the video before attempting this . All the other bad reviews are 100 % accurate . The best part of this door is reading these reviews , comedy!Tip for cutting the screws
 I am a pretty capable person , so I was surprised to find myself completely stumped for how to finish installing this , long after I cut a ten inch hole in my door . The enclosed instructions consist of a number of unclear drawings with no text . The only thing that saved me was a video on the Petsafe web site , which is completely different from the instructions in the box in some crucial ways . I still had to fudge a few things and feel like I got lucky to get this finished . Unless you need to punish yourself for something , find a different door .
 Unbelievable . Picture assembly instructions were incomplete and wrong . The individual plastic parts did not fit together . The shown method of trimming the 8-40 assembly screws with a hacksaw is laughable , except when I remember that the American CEO of this `` company '' probably makes 7 figures peddling this junk . Look elsewhere for a pet door .
 Ok , I am a pretty handy guy . I own all the tools mentioned in the lame instructions.You better have a third arm equipped with multiple hands coming out of your chest if you are going to install this piece of crap!Here is what I did . With a small soldering iron melt off what look like some type of mold release points all along the inside of the clear plastic trim rings . At least then they fit without popping off . Now use 5 minute epoxy to permanently attach them to the outside trims . Now push the small tunnel plastic into one side after trimming about a 3/16 inch piece off of small flat side so it wo n't pop out.Now nest the whole assembled half into door and measure it so you can cut the tunnel to size . Directions are wrong . If you cut it same size as door you will be 1/8 to 1/4 off depending on how well you did at putting clear tunnel retainer on trims . Now bolt it together using three hands .
 If you have already cut your circular hole in the door before you realize what a piece of crap you just bought , check out the You Tube video on how to assemble this abomination from the manufacturer , as it gives a couple of instructions that the unhelpful diagrams do not , including using TAPE to hold this mess in place . Staywell owes me four hours of my life back .
 As the other reviewers stated this product is junk . It is near impossible to assemble and the instructions are just plain wrong . I ca n't imagine the person that designed this ever actually tried to assemble it . This product does n't even deserve one star . Save yourself the headache and do not buy it .
 As noted with other reviewers , this door is virtually impossible for one person to install . The materials are adequate -LRB- just -RRB- , but trying to line up the five different parts and sandwich them together is a real challenge.You have two outside pieces , and a plastic bracket that supposedly fits over each of the outside pieces , and then the liner that goes between them . The plastic brackets * barely * fit , and once I got them on , the slightest bump would cause them to fall off . With the help of another adult , I finally finessed all the pieces together.Then you get to work with the screws . The package comes with 3 lengths , but trying to get the proper length for your door is a challenge . In addition , the nuts are supposed to sit inside a hexagonal recess on one side of the door , while you are trying to push and turn the screws from the other side . I also inadvertently overtighted one screw and cracked the plastic on both the inside and outside.I ca n't recommend this product to anyone .
 The review by `` logers '' is exactly right . This thing is horrible to install , with very poor graphics for instructions which are not even accurate . The various pieces of cheap flimsy plastic do n't fit together well . I actually softened one of the inner rings by placing it in boiling water for a few minutes so we could finally force it into place , and we resorted to gluing the inner pieces to hold them in place to lessen the juggling act . Once we started screwing the outside pieces together they cracked - yet it still is not snug against the door in other spots . I guess it does serve its purpose , because now that it is somewhat securely in place the cat can walk through it . Thankfully the ugly cracks are facing inside the basement and not seen by any visitors to our home .
 Add me to the list who say this is junk . I had all the problems mentioned in other reviews plus the plastic insert would not fit the interior portion of the cat door . I called their customer support and they admitted that the interior frame was manufactured improperly and they did not know why . Well I do duh , it was made in China with poor manufacturing technique and no quality control . The manufacturing mistake is ultimately the Tennessee based companies fault , they know it and still sell this junk.To solve the problem , I had to use duct tape to hold the tunnel assembly -LRB- it was held together with scotch tape -RRB- to the interior portion of the cat door forcing it in place , then tape that assembly over the whole cut in my door . Now the exterior portion can be screwed on . Then I had to pull each screw one at a time to cut it to the proper size so I did not mar the finish . I would only give it one star for the reasons mentioned above plus the manufacture knowing about a defect in the fit and is still selling it.The instructions are poorly done drawings which are incorrect . As another reviewer pointed out , cutting the tunnel to the size of the door thickness will leave it too wide and cause it to bulge or in my case , crack . At this point you have to guess as how much more material to remove . I removed one lines worth -LRB- the plastic has lines for a cutting guide -RRB- and that seemed to work . Then to hold it together I used scotch tape on the four sides and the two corners where the two pieces meet . Then I used the duct tape to hold that onto the inner cat door frame . It does need to be forced on , and then held with the duct tape . Since this is the part that is a manufacturer defect , the remedy per the company is using tape and force - nice.It can be put together with frustration and ingenuity , but I would look for a better product as this also looks like cheap junk once installed .
 I am taking the time to write this product review for you so that you may avoid the frustration I had yesterday installing this product . I wish that I would have taken reviews into advisement . I have a hollow door and bought this product for the ` tunnel ' so as not to expose the inside of the door after installation . Installing the door was quite frankly one of the most difficult diy projects to date due to poor product design and engineering . The directions consist of ` figures ' that rely on your intuitive knowledge of their product to discern what the ` figures ' are supposed to mean . There is no written description of what and or how you should proceed with the installation . Without going into details about the difficulties of installation I would highly advise you to completely avoid purchasing this product . I am still trying to figure out how to hide the unsightly bolts that attach the two pieces together . The ` figures ' want you to trim the excess with a hacksaw leaving 4 jagged bolt pieces sticking out from your door .
 Installation is a complete nightmare !!!!! The door is loud and clanky . Please do n't waste your money on this product !!!!!
 I wish that there was a court that made the inventors of bad products attempt to assemble their pieces of junk before a jury.This ill designed product will cause you pain and heartache , especially when you realize that you just cut a hole in your perfectly good door.The inner plastic spacer and the frame it is supposed to fit into are the main culprits.Do not buy this , it is a very bad design.I 'd given it zero stars , but that is n't an option .
 Piece of junk . Should not be marketed to the consumer for home installation or anyone else for that matter every thing about it is cheap cheap cheap should I say it again . I am super handy and this thing took me several hours with all the right tools . Why would anyone want to cut screws to length glue unfitting plastic to the frames tape pieces together and cut plastic strip to the proper width just to put a cat door together that when you do get it together it still does n't fit right . I too should have listened to the reviews because every thing said about this piece of junk are true . I bought the regular cat one yesterday and had it together in under an hour but decided I needed the bigger one this took 3-4 hrs of frustration trying to engineer out all there screw ups . If you call them they will tell you to watch the video on youtube I say if you need to watch a video to put a cat door together you should n't be selling it . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 DO YOUR RESEARCH !!! Unlike the FOOL I am !!! I bought it because I needed one and this is the one the store carried ... BAD DECISION !! Bought this cat door and let me tell you . SORELY disappointed . When you trim the piece to fit the depth of the door , you also trim off anything that would hold said piece on the side that was cut into the opposite piece . After taping the hell out of it to keep it together and spending a good hour just trying to get that fit , the one white piece does n't even fit right on one side . SO ... unless we keep the flap out , it wo n't serve the purpose.This is AWFUL construction . And a waste of money we did n't really have to spend but needed to keep the litter boxes away from our living space . Now we need to find an alternative to fit the gaping hole in our door . One that is easier to install and actually works the way it should . FUN TIMES !!! NOT !
 If you can install this product in the hole that you 've managed to cut in your door in less than 1 hour you are either a Wizard or a Liar .
 Instructions have no words and are unclear . Product will not assemble properly . I ended up using copious quantities of glue to get it to stay in the door and work . It is a horrible product . DO NOT BUY .
 Pine is very bad for your pet . It can cause respiratory problems which make your pet very sick . Try Aspen wood shavings . Cedar is also a type of shavings that can cause respiratory problems as well .
 This magnetic pad is useless because the note pad is too heavy for the magnetic strip and the note pad falls off of its backing along with the magnetic strip .
 this stuff is worthless , it is basicly fine carbon and some resins stuffes in a fine mess bag , problem is the media bag its in is so fine and the contests fo fine , its hard to get water to flow thru it and quickly clogges up . I have gotten better results using a high quality pellet carbon . Dont waste your money on this crap
 My dogs used to eat this and it did wonders for their coat . BUT they were regurgitating it so i stopped . I thought I would give it another shot but even with a gradual transition , my dogs never got used to it nor stopped having loose stools.I notice it is a much smaller kibble than the older formula AND smells absolutely horrible now , like s -- t , no joke.Nature 's Variety is usually tops when it comes to ingredients and manufacturing guidelines but ca n't tell you what happened here .
 We used Nature 's Variety -LRB- non Instinct formula -RRB- for a while , but when we moved to our current location , the closest we could find was Natural Balance , so we had to switch . When NB put out their grain free Alpha Dog , I tried that out and was amazed at how my normally very smelly Boston Terrier suddenly did n't seem to have any gas at all . This got me searching for reviews , where I discovered the NV 's Instinct line was rated much higher than NB 's Alpha dog . When I discovered the Amazon subscriptions , and how inexpensive that makes it -LRB- relative to what I pay at the pet store for organic pet food -RRB- , I decided to give NV another try . For the first week , I mixed the last of the old food with the new to get him used to it . He had diarrhea and the worst gas EVER for days . Now it 's been a week on just the NV food and the sickness has not stopped . I though maybe he was suffering from seasonal allergies and that 's why he seemed so blahhh lately . Last night I put it all together and realized it 's the food . I really wish I could get a refund , but at least I stopped the subscription in time not to get another .
 The bag I got did not look like the bag pictured . The food was stale and my dog got sick . Will not be buying dog food from here again .
 BEWARE ... I PURCHASED A UNIT AND IT WAS DEFECTIVE . MANUFACTURER WOULD NOT BACK UP PRODUCT . WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM THIS MANUFACTURER .
 Charlie , our maltese/pomeranian mix is happiest when in the car with his head out the window . I got these googles to protect his eyes from the wind and debris . We 've got great pictures of him in the goggles , but they have to be snapped very quickly because he wo n't keep the goggles on for more than about thirty seconds . I 'm not sure if anything can be done about this in terms of product design . But unless your dog is completely docile , this will likely be a wasted purchase .
 I bought this hoping to replace the 10W florescent that my tank came with . These lights are EXTREMELY yellow , and do n't look good at all compared to a florescent . I would absolutely go with the 10W florescent every time over this light . It 's a good price , but not the product I was hoping for .
 Unfortunately I have n't been able to give a good review as my dog just wo n't touch these . I 've tried crumbling it in her food and hiding it in the usual goodies , but there 's no way she 's going to take this . I wish somebody would make one that a soft chew , these hard chews are just too problematic .
 These may work . They may help my dog with pain . Too bad they smell so horrible that my dog wo n't eat them.The smell of chemicals is overpowering when you open the bottle . Good luck getting your dog to take these . You are better off with buffered aspirin shoved in a treat than wasting your money on this product .
 Needs more flavoring so my dog will eat without trickery . My dog refused the pills and I thought she would eat anything .
 My aging golden retriever -LRB- 15 + yo -RRB- is suffering from severe hip dysplesia , plus a car accident a decade or so ago . Bought this NSAID to help him alleviate some of the daily pain he has had to cope with , it pains to see him struggle just to walk.First , he does n't like to take it . I almost have to wrap it in a slice of &#34; something &#34; - cheese , deli lunchon turkey breast , etc to &#34; fool &#34; him , but lately , he finds a way to spit it out . So , I started to crash the pill and blend it in with his pet food.I ca n't be sure that it has helped , but then again , I ca n't say it did n't ... I just could n't tell ...
 These smell so bad , our dog refused to eat them after the first few -LRB- even I can smell them , even after they 're hidden in food -RRB- . I bought several bottles , and they all smell the same.I 've tried hiding them in peanut butter , cheese , hotdogs , even mixing them up with his food . -LRB- He refuses to eat the food , if it 's mashed up in it . And we 're talking about a large dog portion , so it 's a lot of food for 2 small pills -RRB- . The few times we managed to trick him into eating them , they did ease his pain for roughly 2 hours . That was a blessing , but not worth the constant hassle . He 's grown so suspicious of his food , he 's getting finicky in eating anything , which is a problem we did n't anticipate , and could be a serious problem down the road .
 My dogs hate this product and will go to their deaths before they 'll use it . They fought me tooth and nail to get it off.I wss walking my dog with it on because he 's high-strung and gets to aroused at what he sees . I though the calming cap would gentle him down a bit . It did n't help much . Instead of barking at everything , he used his time to try to get the darn thing off!People walking by , grabbed their small dogs and ran when they saw a sixty-pound pit bill wearing this thing.In my personal opinion , it was not a winner .
 My Persian absolutely loved and went crazy over the smell - at first , that is ... But then ... there was a let down . You see , my Persian is a finicky cat , who only wants to eat dry food . Unfortunately , Kitty Kaviar only enticed him into eating the wet food that I was trying to entice him into eating for only about 2 or 3 feedings . By about the sixth or seventh feeding with the Kitty Kaviar he had completely snubbed his nose at it.Still , I must admit that I have n't found anything that worked better . I would encourage people to give Kitty Kaviar a try , because of the fact that was the very best response from my finicky cat that I ever gotten.P.S . My other cat , who is an American Shorthair , and normally likes to eat anything I give her , LOVED and RAGED over the smell of it as I served it to her one time - but she did n't eat very much of it - so I have n't mixed it with her food any more since that one time .
 Well i thought this would make my tank have a blue color to it . It did but only for a few days the heat from the lights melted the color off so now its just a regular light
 I was very disappointed in these bulbs they were not only very dim and barely lit up my tank , but they created so much heat that my tank temperature rose 5 degrees when they were on ! I found other company 's here on amazon that sell colored compact fluorescent bulbs which give more lighting , and use the same wattage of power and create zero heat ! I suggest anyone who has problems like me using white light which causes a fungal growth in your tank , to try these colored compact fluorescent bulbs ! They work for me , no fungal growth and awesome color , I chose the black lights and have a cool purple tank now !
 Product is not as pictured ! The bulb that is sold is pink - and is not the bluish bulb pictured on Amazon.This bulb casts an eerie , maroon glow in the tank and makes it look sick rather than bright and cheerful .
 Wow , these have no light at all and as another reviewer said it makes my tank look maroon and gloomy . Not the `` glo '' I was hoping for !! Do not buy !!
 The bulb blew seconds after it was installed and turned on ! I am NOT HAPPY ! I will not be using this brand again .
 The instructions on this toy say to `` pull the tail and spin , '' which made me believe it had a slingshot-type launching mechanism . It does n't . It actually has a pull string with a handle at the end , and you launch the toy by pulling the string and swinging the toy over your head , around and around , then letting go . Not meant for indoor play , obviously .
 I have a large golden retriever who loves his toys - sometimes to death . The Fling-it Pig is cute but not a great indoor toy . The ` reel ' inside is a bit heavy and it makes you cringe when a bad toss slams it into a wall . My dog figured out that the `` tail '' pulls out ... and that was great fun until a few tugs later when he pulled it out permanently . That ended piggy 's flying days and life got very short when the back seam ripped open and the `` guts '' started coming out . Piggy just was n't tough enough .
 I 'm not sure exactly what I was expecting , but I know this was n't it . My dog ca n't play with it because it is way too big and the throwing device does n't work any better than my own arm .
 The Medication needs to be refrigerated at all times and seller said that they would dry ice it and package it so that it would be received cold . It is summer and although I went to the door as soon as it came in , it was hot and had to be thrown out . I contacted seller who said that I could get it shipped overnight for $ 25 which would bring the price up to twice what the medication would cost anywhere ...
 Best price on internet ... HOWEVER , this MUST be kept refigerated per the DVM at Vetoquil ... first shipment lost then found after 8 days ... 2nd arrived in 4 days ... still , no longer kept cool by ice packs . Customer service is xlnt , but advise you purchase this locally or you may be giving your pet useless meds .
 This is the 2nd time I 've tried to get this posted . The first never made it.In all the reviews , no one mentioned that the azodyl is put in standard gel caps which are not enteric coated as the advertizement states . I emailed vetoquinolusa regarding this . The email response from them was `` Deleted - not read '' . Enteric coating is essential to getting the probiotics to the colon with out going through the stomach digestive processes . That said , I would only dispense this on an empty stomach at least an hour before or several hours after feeding .
 TAKE YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE ! These folks were 2 weeks late getting my order sent out . When they finally did , they forgot to mention that refrigeration was needed on this product , and since i was out of town the package sat on my dining room table for 5 days . Upon return , when I realized pills were no longer good , I sent email requesting to SPEAK with customer service rep. After MANY back and forth emails , they finally agreed to send me package slip to pay for return postage . What they should have done was immediately sent out another box of pills -LRB- overnight ! -RRB- . They refused to give me any phone numbers to contact customer service , despite many , many specific requests . I would give ZERO stars if I could . Seriously , spend $ 2 extra dollars and get your needs met elsewhere , where they have common sense and actually care about their customers .
 My dog was diagnosed with kidney failure . The vet swore by this product at $ 60 a bottle . My dog only continued to get worse , then he suggested a saline flush for $ 350 . He stated this would improve kidney function tremendously . Finally a thousand dollars later my dog dies and he states there was nothing he could do . The bottom line is if your dog has kidney failure keep him or her as comfortable as you can , because once there diagnosed with this terrible disease there is really nothing any of us can really do , not even azodyl .
 THIS ORDER WAS SENT TO THE ADDRESS OF A PRISONER TO WHOM I HAD EARLIER SENT A BOOK FROM AMAZON.COM . I CALLED AMAZON AS SOON AS I DISCOVERED THE ERROR AND RECEIVED NO HELP AS THEY SAID IT WOULD BE SENT FROM THE PRODUCT MAKER . I CALLED THEM AND RECEIVED NO HELP . I CALLED THE PRISON AND RECEIVED NO HELP . I DO N'T KNOW WHERE THE PRODUCT IS , BUT MY MONEY IS GONE .
 This can be a very very effective product - however it says directly on the label that it absolutely MUST be kept refrigerated.I bought mine from `` EntirelyPets '' and in spite of being shipped to me in April of New England the product arrived warm . Over the week I tried to get an answer regarding the effectiveness of the product and it 's safety , I threw the product out as it could not be trusted and bought locally . Seller would not refund or ship good product.After contacting the EntirelyPets in regards to the package arriving warm , the assured me that it was fine . I e-mailed the manufacturer and this was the response : `` Azodyl needs to be refrigerated . If it is kept at or above room temperature for an extended period of time it becomes ineffective . We have written right on the packaging that it needs to be refrigerated.Sincerely , James Spiezio , DVMTechnical Services VeterinarianVetoquinol , USA `` MAKE SURE WHOEVER YOU BUY THIS FROM WILL SHIP THE ITEM COLDIF IT ARRIVES WARM , THE ITEM MAY BE INEFFECTIVE AND PROVIDE USELESS TREATMENTS !
 I had a terrible experience purchasing Azodyl off of Amazon from the vendor , Medi-Vet . The product arrived warm -LRB- not usable -RRB- . It was supposed to be packed in ice , to be kept cool throughout the shipping . I intitially could not get my money back . I had to fight with Medi-Vet for weeks . I also had to file a formal complaint with American Express . Finally I wrote a letter to the president of Medi-Vet . As a consumer , I would not recommend purchasing through this vendor . I will , however , continue to make purchases off Amazon.com . But I hope Amazon gets rid of Medi-Vet .
 When the Azodyl arrived room temperature , when it should be cold -LRB- the ice packs were defrosted in the 2 day trip -RRB- , I wrote to the company . They told me that it was still affective for 5 days . I told my vet and he said that 's not true . I wo n't order it through that company again .
 The rating is for the shipper only . The product itself can be life-saving . Medivet needs to check their delivery dates before shipping . By the time they shipped -LRB- 3-4 days after ordering -RRB- , it landed in the postal services hands just in time for the weekend . Needless to say , the ice pack had long melted and product was useless . Product MUST be kept cold . If shipper chooses to ship this product , it should really be done on Mondays and Tuesdays ONLY and NOT 3-4 days after ordering .
 This product needs to be shipped cold . They attempted to use an ice pack but was not sufficient for the 4 days it took to be deliver.The product is helping our 13 year old lab with CRF . After a month on this product and dirt changes her bloodworm was improved . Not a solution , but helping .
 My golden retriever was in the final stages of kidney failure and our vet and I thought Azodyl might be able to help . I could not detect any better or worse changes in his condition after using it for three weeks . Might work better with your pet .
 Azodyl comes in size one capsules , and the best way to get it down an animal 's throat is with one of the larger pillguns -LRB- search for `` bull 's eye '' pillgun -RRB- and not the type of pill poppers that have the little rubber tip on the end -LRB- the capsule will generally fall off of those -RRB- . My order came from Medi-Vet and arrived faster than I expected , with cold packs on the medication . I am very pleased with this vendor.Regarding the medication itself
 Medi-Vet authorized my credit card and confirmed the order . Three days later I received an e-mail telling me the product would probably not stay cold , please let them know how I wanted to proceed . They sent this e-mail to me hrs before they were to ship it when this notice should have come to me IMMEDIATELY when they received my order.I called immediately , but they claim to have already shipped it out . Thank God I 'd only ordered one bottle to see whether Med-Vet was a reputable retailer . It should be interesting to see whether I 'll be successful in getting my money back since they asked for my advice then shipped it anyway without hearing from me . Totally unacceptable and will never deal with them again .
 I ordered 3 bottles of Azodyl , a nutritional supplement that supports renal function in cats & dogs '' Azodyl administered orally on a daily basis has the potential to decrease BUN levels and prolong survival in renal insuficiency . '' As soon as my oldest Great Dane was diagnosed with kidney disease , I researched the disease -LRB- in dogs -RRB- for hours , days , and weeks . I came across Azodyl , which my vet recommended it to me as well . Directions are that it must be refrigerated at all times.When it was delivered to my back door , with no knock from my mailman , I assume it was sitting there at least 3 hours . I opened it right away . It was packed in a sealed metallic , air bubbled bag to keep the contents cold , and inside the bag were the 3 bottles , and 3 ice packs - all completely melted to water and not cold at all . The bottle labels were wet from the bags defrosting , and I put them in the refrigerator immediately . Then , I called Amazon cust . service immediately to ask if they were now no good . The representative assured me that they should be fine , and the manufacturer -LRB- Vetoquinol -RRB- stated that they could be at room temperature up to 3 days . It was 90 degrees out when it was delivered , and arrived on a Monday , USPS Priority . So it was mailed on a Thursday.I have used 1 bottle , and have seen absolutely NO change in my dog whatsoever . I have been debating on going back and trying longer , or just returning the other 2 unopened bottles.If you order ANYTHING that needs refrigeration , place it on a Mon , Tue , Or Wed. . The item may just not work for her , or it was not kept cool enough and the bacteria were destroyed .
 Azodyl arrived WARM ! This not the first time for EntirelyPets ; see the review of J-D of April 23,2010 .
 I called the manufacturer to find out what happens if azodyl is not kept refrigerated . I Was told that if the product is not kept cold the live bacteria will die and the product is worthless . I will not order from amazon again , because both times I ordered it online from two different companies it arrived warm .
 I had an online chat on Saturday with Entirely Pets so that I was sure the Azodyl would be shipped on Monday . I was assured that it would be and placed my order . After the online order status showed that it was n't shipped yet on Tuesday , I called . The rep said that it was shipped on Tuesday but the status was not updated online . I kept checking the status and it finally said the Azodyl was shipped on Wednesday , after I made the call . The product arrived in melted ice packs on Friday . Two days is a good ship time , but the fact that I was lied to twice is a little unsettling . I do not recommend Entirely Pets for this reason . However , Azodyl is an amazing product . I 've been giving it to my dog for 3 weeks and her BUN dropped 60 % and her Creatinine dropped 20 % . Of course , other treatment was involved but my vet thinks the Azodyl is a contributing factor in her recovery .
 This item was shipped from CA to FL and was in my mailbox wrapped in a regular envelope and inside the capsules with some sort of -LRB- obviously melted -RRB- ice pack with a rubber band around it . The product is supposed to be refrigerated and it was toasty warm when i received it . Not wanting to risk poisoning my animal I asked to send it back . They gave me a Return number but did not offer to pay return shipping . I contacted them about this but they never replied . So I sent it back around Jan 13th . I still have not even heard if they received it . Now , not only am i out shipping to me , return shipping fees -- now it appears the cost of this product too . What a ripoff !
 This is a fabulous product that has aided -LRB- in conjunction with western and Chinese medicine -RRB- in helping my puppy recover from Acute Kidney Failure . However , the shipping that is quoted through Amazon is for standard shipping . This product needs to be overnighted due to the fact that it must be refrigerated . In order to request overnight shipping -LRB- which is $ 30 -RRB- you must contact the supplier -LRB- entirelypets -RRB- directly .
 I have a 55-gallon tank and the whole bottle barely moved the ph. Now I buy pool chemicals pH + because you get 4 lbs . of powder for < $ 10 -LRB- Utikem -RRB- and it only takes 1-2 teaspoons of that to raise the pH of 55-gallons by 0.5 . By the way , my pH problem was so severe that fish were dying . I discovered that for soft water like mine , add calcium to act as a buffer to help stablize the pH. The calcium I use is also from the pool supplies aisle at Wa ... m. . rt. . Much cheaper . You just have to make sure to buy enough during pool season .
 My guinea pig really does n't like this stuff , and he wo n't eat it as much as the regular , plain pellets that I bought for him in the past . I 've heard comments before that Kaytee is n't that good of a brand , but I was desperate when I bought this because I could n't get to a store to buy his usual brand . Plus , after I started feeding this to my guinea pig , he got sick . I 'm not sure if this was the cause , but when I stopped and started feeding him something else he recovered very quickly . Felt like a waste of money , I wo n't be buying this again.It made him poop a lot more than normal though , which is n't exactly a plus .
 My GP does not like this and he poops a lot after eat this.Does not seem to be good for the GP .
 our guinea pig poops like crazy after she eats this stuff . she doesnt like it more than carrots or apples . we 're going to give it to her once a week . it runs right through her . we wont b buying this again
 None of my cichlids would touch it . So i tried feeding it to my Koi with the same result . Total waste of money .
 None of my cichlids would touch it . So i tried feeding it to my Koi with the same result . Total waste of money .
 WASTE OF MONEY !!! VERY POOR QUALITY !!! I RETURNED BOX !! TOO BAD I COULD N'TGIVE THEM `` NO '' STARS !!
 I bought this product after reading the `` good reviews '' ... I am NOT happy with these GridLock Puppy Pads at all . I have a teacup Yorkie and if I do n't pick up the pad immediately after she goes potty the urine leaks out and spreads all under the pad area . At first you pick up the pad thinking you are just going to change it and then you notice your hardwood floors look glossy ... oh it 's urine 24 '' x 24 '' . These are causing an odor problem as well as staining my hardwood floors . Do n't waste your money . . Go to Costco and buy their 100ct Puppy Pads for $ 19 , they work great or should as say as they are supposed to .
 Well somebody has finally gone and motivated me to write my first ever review for amazon - it 's been a few months since this happened , but since it is still bothering me I thought that perhaps sharing with others may help relieve the trauma.So picture this - as they will do , you have a line-up of little doggies waiting to anoint the fresh pads that you are putting down , but as you stand up to move aside for them to have at it , in the center of the pad you notice a dark spot with some long curly strands emanating from it , so you begin to reach down toward it while you ponder `` how in the world did I manage to drop a tangle of black yarn on a pad that I JUST took from a just opened box , when it 's not even in the same room as my yarn stash ? And do I even own any black yarn , have I ever owned any black yarn ? '' Then just as your hand is a split second from making contact with the black blob , your brain finally kicks into gear and recognizes the oh so out of place spectacle before you - the perfect silhouette of a MOUSE caught mid-run - curly tail outstretched behind him pressed within the layers of the pad - agggghh !!! Well , although all of my screaming and hyperventilating was confusing to them , still my pack of little ones was standing there with their little legs crossed , so somehow I managed to force myself to remove the `` mouse-pad '' and unfold another -LRB- fortunately no extra pets included in the next one -RRB- , then still hyperventilating I called the company 's 800 number to tell them of the horrific event , and what was their reaction - no apology , no explanations , no `` please give us the code from the box so that we can trace the problem '' , but simply `` how many pads will you be sending back for exchange '' . Send back for exchange ?! I had to leave the house , have the pet shop delivery another brand while I was out , and have my super come and throw the Gridlock pads down the trash shoot the moment that I got back - keeping them , packing them up for shipping was completely out of the question , but the company had zero empathy for my situation!Now I know that some of you may be thinking `` so big deal , every factory has mice '' , but think about it - there is not any food involved here , and mice tend to run away from movement , so can you imagine how over run with filthy vermin this place must be to have mice running through the moving machinery - how dirty even the pads that do n't have the entire rodent included must be?Anyhow , the good news is that after much searching I discovered Prevail Underpads which are larger -LRB- 36 '' -RRB- , and more absorbent than the gridlocks - and with the great price and free shipping that Amazon has for them , I 'm paying less for a pad that can take 6 - 9 little dog pees than I was for the gridlocks which could only handle 2 - 3 of my little one 's pees!And although still traumatized by the gridlock mouse-pads , I am comforted by the fact that the Prevail underpads are made in the USA -LRB- gridlock is made in China , and we already know that China does n't worry about putting poison in our dog 's food , so how can we expect them to be concerned about the purity of pee pads -RRB- , and since the Prevail is actually made for human 's I hope that there might be a bit more effort at quality control.So in a sense I am glad that the mouse trauma happened because it ultimately led me to find a cleaner USA made , cheaper pad that lasts 3 times as long - pretty much a no brain-er to switch to the Prevail pads , even if my gridlock Vermin experience does n't worry you !
 I was very excited when I read all the reviews for Gridlock Puppy Training wee wee pads in hopes that it would be the magic pad for my magic mutt . Although I was pleased at the absorbency and quick drying , my puppy did not share the same feelings ... everytime she tried to squat her tiny paws would slip and she could not get a grip when going on the pad ... though soft , its very slippery . I 'm a little sad I bought a 100 ... I 'll keep them for traveling ... This is the third brand she has tried , and she was much more responsive to the other two ... I would buy a small pack first .
 I purchased these dog pads because I thought I could save some money on pee pads for my small dogs . The box is nice and the way they are packaged is great . But they do not compare to the Four Paws brand wee wee pads . These get soaked like a paper towel would , and the liquid spreads right off the sides . I will probably keep searching for a less expensive version of the wee wee pads , but wo n't spend money on these , they do not work well .
 I have been using these pads for my mini dachshund since she was a puppy.We live in a condo and she uses the pads for all of her bathroom needs.I have been purchasing the grid lock brand for a year or more and was very happy with their absorbency . However the last two boxes have caused problems of leaking and having to be changed very frequently . I am in the process of looking for a puppy pad that will better meet our needs .
 I have been buying Gridlock pee pads for 3 years . This is the first time I have purchased them through Amazon.com . -LRB- sold by digipets -RRB- . They arrived promptly , but are NOT the original Gridlock product . They are not thick and sturdy ; not different from the cheap products I can get at my local no-name department store . I am terribly disappointed and will never order from this supplier again .
 Can not recommend . Flimsy and thin . Will try a different brand next time . Feel kind of ripped off by this product .
 This product was cheaper , but not the cheapest . I found that they do not absorb fast enough and if your beloved pochie goes too close to the edge it leaks off onto the floor . Not good ! I would not purchase again .
 Do n't get me wrong , it 's a great pad but if I could spend a little less for the same thing , I would . Search around Amazon and you 'll see what I 'm talking about . Hope this helps !
 I dont really like this product . The pads are flimsy . I used four of them out of the hundred I ordered and I wont be using them again . I 'll probably donate them to a shelter .
 I was very disappointed to find that the picture listed for the Vetri-Science Glyco-Flex State II Joint Support Formula Soft Chews for Dogs was deceptive . The picture shown holds 180 soft chews . The package I paid for and received , which is a small pouch , contained 60 chews . I tried multiple times , both by phone and e-mail , to contact the seller and received no response . Had I known that I had purchased 60 chews and not 180 , I never would have made this purchase .
 I got two of these for my rats cage and at first they worked out great - however , rats being messy as they are they quickly became soiled.Wood is notorious for being hard to clean , trapping bacteria within it and the untreated surface soaked up urine quickly . Still , I attempted to disinfect the wood after the first week and all seemed well until I went on vacation for three days.When I returned the wood on one perch had split , leaving wounds on my rats feet that had quickly become infected . The other perch was equally bad off , already getting splits in its surface . After taking my rats to the vet I had to treat them for Bumblefoot - a disgusting , dangerous infection that causes large round sores over the bottom of their feet and that can takes months to treat and the treatment involves soaking and lathering their feet twice daily in medication , something I can say none of us enjoyed.Needless to say , I would never recommend this or any product like it to anyone who cares for their animals . I took a chance based on good reviews and the thought that it was something my rats would enjoy , only to end up deeply regretting it in the end . My suggestion ? Bypass any wood product for your pets unless its an applewood chew and stick to PLASTIC shelves - they may cost a few dollars more , but they will outlast any wood or metal shelf and are safe for your pets and easy to clean.On another note - metal shelves can also cause bumblefoot from the uneven pressure that creates sores on their sensitive feet which , ironically , was why I bought this product in the first place . If this taught me anything , it is that both should be avoided in the end .
 2 out of 4 that I ordered came broken . I super-glued it but poor packaging on amazons part !
 First off , this is not big enough for a grown chin to roll in.Also , it has been known to tip over trapping the chinchilla inside . The chinchilla then suffocates to death.It 's cute , but a major death trap .
 Very disappointed in product . The measure height by the knobs on top & width by outer edge of door . Not worth the money for a cheap piece of plastic . I know it says colors vary but the green one I received is a horrible color . I called customer service and not much help . Told me to send it back but I might get th same color again .
 There is no regrowth what so ever - however I do n't think this item claims regrowth . Does not color green like the bottle displays on the label . It does color somewhat - it adheres to some burn spots better than others color wise - I guess depending on the type of grass - If you just want to camoflage the burn spots some what - then this is the product for you . I have two dobermans and I need gallons and gallons of this stuff to even try to attempt to cover all the spots - this stuff goes quick if you have a lot of spots .
 been three weeks , the dead parts of the lawn and my shoes are stained green however there has been no `` repair ''
 Does not work . After `` spray painting '' the yellow spots so they 're green , no regrowth has occured after three weeks and the green die washed off almost immediately . Do n't waste your money .
 We used to take Glyco Flex stage II for our Golden Retriever , who was diagnosed with hip dysplasia a year ago . The vet suggested Glyco Flex and it worked well . When I called the provider through Amazon to inquire about the difference between soft chews and regular tablets , I was talked into getting Joint Max as that was supposed to be better and cheaper . Turns out neither is true . The dose for Joint Max is triple the dose of Glyco Flex , and I truly question it 's quality . My dog 's ability to move around has truly decreased , and I have not changed anything else in her daily routine . Same food , same amount of exercise , etc. . When I contacted the provider to get a refund they okay 'd it without any questions . I would not recommend this product and will go back to Glyco Flex .
 This cage is falsely advertised . This is FAR too small for ANY animal . I would not put a mouse in it let alone a hamster . The water bottle has no ball and drips if the cage is moved at all . It is frustrating to put together and take apart . Pieces fall off of these things . For your money you can get a MUCH better brand than this , and much bigger too . Researching what housing is good for your pet is always important . I only use this as a carrier .
 Ugh , directions had been followed all parts in place yet while being carried by the handy dandy litte handle it suddenly fell apart , pieces crashing to the ground . I was left reassembling -LRB- double checking directions to be sure was correctly assembled the 1st time -RRB- , consoling my 8 yr old and checking her hammy for injuries . We decide to then use it w / larger cage -LRB- same manufacturer -RRB- . Upon attaching tube to join the 2 cages a small yet vital piece snapped off . I thought my hubbie had been an ogre w / it , to my surprise pieces snapped off no matter the lightness of touch applied . Hands thrown in the air , added research revealed all the fun we 'd had was not uncommon . In fact it seemed to be the norm . Disassembled + repackaged shipping arranged our cute -LRB- unfunctional -RRB- little cage made it 's way back to where it started . Purchase in process of refund I 'm left where I began . Cageless . Yet I carry w / me lesson that form must be met w / function . No matter how cute it looked sitting on my table , it was purchased -LRB- and made -RRB- w / travel in mind . There it failed .
 This habitat is ok . It 's nice that it all comes apart to be cleaned . However the ports on either side are simply slid into place and therefore my mice and hamsters open the door like it was made for them ! They play with the ports until they slide up , it seems to be a game to them , even thought they do n't actually want to leave . Also the quality of these cages is pretty low . Pieces sorta fit and all it is just rattly and wiggly , not structurally sound . I did n't have to much trouble with the wheel , it 's louder than my silent spinner but it is n't bad , which is really good . The cage is also to small . I have a large pet carrying cage from Petco and it 's the same size as this crittertrail cage . Honestly most of the cages from superpet are n't that great , even though their other products are really good . If you have mice , give up on cool little hamster cages , get an aquarium , I just went through three cages and they escape from EVERYTHING . They even fit through the bars of the wire cages , just climb right through them . But what are going to do ? = -RSB- Happy home shopping everybody ! = -RSB-
 It is very cute but has a couple of design flaws , and the same goes for all crittertrail products . a determined mouse such as mine can chew off any bits of plastic that are jutting out , such as the pieces that the metal bars slot into . thinking it was the small size upsetting her , i bought a tunnel and a burrowing cage , but she chews the hinges off the top of the burrow . as a result , i have covered the inside of the bars with cardboard and duct tape , and sealed off the parts of the cage she can escape from at night , such as the top compartment of the burrow . also i have n't seen her drink from the bottle once , so i have to put jar lids on the floor for her to drink from . she seems happier since I boarded things up , but we 'll see what tonight brings . if you have a contented mouse , these are great fun , and a good purchase since you can expand on it as much as you like . but if you have a chewer , spend your money on a simpler tougher cage .
 I got this cage along with my fancy hamsters but the cage was way to small ! So I switch the cage and put my dwarf Chinese hamster . But it was stilll to small u cant put much inside the cage . I do n't like the bottle that goes through the top to have it hang inside.As far as cleaning you take everything apart it is easy . . Putting parts back is ok . . The cage wld work if u just put in a food dish . And add nothing else ... And just put a smaller hamster would fit not fancy hamsters .
 Overall , it gets the job done . If you are planning on keeping a hammy in this cage for longer than just a quick trip to the vet 's , you need to TAPE DOWN the round hole cover on the top . Maybe even the sides as well , just to be cautious . Ours was a smart boy and managed to reach up , twist the lid around , and pop it off and subsequently escape . I would like to stress that he WAS a smart boy . We still do n't know where he went , but my suspicion is that small crevice in the floor between the closet and the door and he fell down there -LRB- we have a sliding Japanese paper door , so there is a gap -RRB- . I 've already lost one furry baby and do n't plan on using this cage again.THE TOP ROUND COVER DOES NOT SIT VERY WELL ! You put it on the hole you want to cover , then make a slight turn and that 's it . It DOES N'T lock.The size is another concern as well . Even just one of our Russian Dwarf hams did n't have all that much room in there , so it can be rather cramped for a normal-sized adult hammy .
 This product was horrible . The design is lacking in every way . It does not mount on any `` modern '' bicycle , mountain , street , or hybrid.After an hour of `` messing '' with this product , we quickly returned it to the store.We did manage to get it mounted , but it was VERY obtrusive , and in the way of pedalling.I recommend the WalkyDog . Much better in design and reliability . -LRB- unlike the springer , your dog can not become freed if he pulls . . with the springer , there are plastic loops and if the dog pulls , they will snap `` for safety '' ... i 'm not sure how safe that could really be ... the walkydog has an internal spring coil that absorbs any pulls , and , quite honestly , you barely even feel your dog pulling -RRB- ...
 This seemed like a great idea and I thought I did my research before purchasing this product but it did n't fit on my bike or my boyfriends bikes . Seller never responded to my request to return . Thankfully I purchased through Amazon who helped me receive a full refund . Great idea but would n't use this company .
 Length :
 Do n't waste your time buying this product ! The company has the worst customer service I have ever experienced since web shopping many years ago . Horrible Horrible customer service !!! Do Not Buy !! I filed a complaint with the better business bureau .
 I 've owned the Springer dog jogger for about 8 months . I use it almost daily but there are important things a buyer needs to know before buying one . First , the bracket did not fit on the seat post as the directions offered ... and I have a basic , common Schwinn . I had to put it on the bike frame , but it still required more plastic sleeves and an additional piece of rubber to get it to fit securely . -LRB- I followed the directions to the letter -RRB- . Plan on tightening some of the bolts after every use for the first 10 to 15 times . The included plastic clip that attached to my dog 's collar FAILED , allowing him to run into the middle of a busy four lane street . So , plan on replacing that part with something more substantial . I replaced the harness that came with it , because the quality of it was questionable . With all these things said , it is a great way to exercise your dog and the spring does absorb your dog 's lunges very well . My dog loves going for `` Springer runs . '' The manufacturer needs to improve the design .
 The concept is good , and worked beautifully with my German Shepherd , but unfortunately being short -LRB- 5 ' -RRB- with a smaller bike frame , even with the clamp as high as it could go on the seat post , I kept clipping the back of my ankle on the curved part of the Springer -- -LRB- which REALLY hurt ! -RRB- It ended up being impossible to use , even with trying to keep my foot way forward on the pedal . Do not buy if you are short !!
 I 've owned this for almost a year now and have used it only a couple times , it was a waste of money . This is a great idea , do n't get me wrong . Problems I 've experienced with it is , it does not fit well unless you own a standard bike , it rotates on the frame with very little pressure and scratches up your paint , the materials ; rope and little pieces are cheap -LRB- not good for medium - large dogs -RRB- , the bolts come loose and fall off while riding , even after attaching the piece with glue it continued to move.I really wanted this to work . I 've tried so many times to make modifications to get this thing to be successful ; I 've even tried it on three of my other bikes -- all failed . My dog is well trained to obey commands , I also train him to behave around bikes and bicyclist . He does not pull on this contraption at all , just runs along-side me while I bike . No matter how much I tighten and glue this thing together it still shifts and scratches up my frame.I think this product would work great if you could weld it on to your bike and have it fixed permanently .
 I bought the Springer because it looked like a great idea . My dog needed to run off extra energy and I could get exercise at the same time . The first time my dog and I used the Spring together it was fine -LRB- we were both nervous -RRB- . The second time , my dog was more relaxed and not paying as much attention . My dog was on my right side and saw a dog on my left . She darted to the left and pulled me off balance . I flew off the bike and ended up with a compression fracture to the ball of my upper arm and tore my rotator cuff . My dog is only 40 pounds and I am 160 pounds so the weight of the dog was not a factor . It is not as safe as they say , so please use caution .
 I bought this for my children 's gerbils because the first cage I purchased -LRB- a `` cheaper '' brand -RRB- broke within a week . This one made it three months . The gerbils love it , but they ignore their wood chew sticks and have chewed on the slide so badly that it completely detached from the wheel tunnel . The tubes do not attach tightly , which led to the gerbils getting out one night and it took two days to catch them again . The clips that hold the cage together do not snap tightly . No sooner had we caught our gerbils and put them back in their cage then my son picked up the cage and it came apart and the gerbils escaped again . I will not buy a CritterTrails product again .
 I GOT THIS CAGE FOR OUR TWO MICE . THE WHEEL ON TOP LOOKS REAL FUN . BUT IT IS REALLY NOT SANITARY . MOUSE POOP ENDED UP ALL AROUND THE WHEEL AND ON THE FLOOR AROUND THE CAGE . WE HAVE TWO OTHER CRITTER TRAIL CAGES AND WE LOVE THEM ESPECIALY THE TWO LEVEL CAGE . I AM GOING TO GET A SMALL WHEEL FOR INSIDE THE CAGE AND A LOOK OUT ADDITION TO REPLACE THE WHEEL ON TOP AND MAYBE THEN WE CAN USE THIS CAGE B/C THE MICE LIKE THE SLIDE . WE SWITCH OUT THEIR CAGE ABOUT ONCE A MONTH TO KEEP THE MICE MORE ENTERTAINED . WE COULD NEVER GET THE SLIDE TO ATTACH TO THE TOP OF THE CAGE RIGHT EITHER SO WE JUST STUCK IT IN THE BEST THAT WE COULD . IF ANYONE KNOWS A TRICK TO ATTACHING THAT SLIDE PLEASE LET ME KNOW . IF THE COMPANY WOULD COME UP WITH A BETTER WAY TO MAKE THAT WHEEL WHERE POOP WOULD NOT FLY OUT THIS PRODUCT WOULD BE MUCH BETTER . OH I ALMOST FORGOT WE ENDED UP HAVING TO DUCK TAPE THE WHEEL TO THE CAGE B/C IT KEPT COMING OFF AND THE MICE ALMOST GOT OUT ONCE .
 Although this cage looks cool , I would caution against it or any other cage that has a wheel on the outside . my dwarf hamster ran in it like crazy , which was good . But he sprayed poop and urine all over the desk the cage was on , which was bad . Get a cage or aquarium inside of which you can put the wheel .
 My son thought this cage would be fun for his hamster . It turned out to be very smelly and noisy . I would n't recommend this product . When the hamster uses the wheel -LRB- all night long -RRB- it makes so much noise we have to move the cage out of my son 's room at night so he can sleep . Very hard to clean all the parts that get messy . Because of all the hard surface parts that the hamster can go to the bathroom in and on it gets very smelly within a day or two of cleaning it . This does n't make it a very good environment for the hamster to live in or to keep in a bedroom where my son would like to keep his hamster . We are searching for a better cage so I wasted a lot of money on this one .
 I have had this cage for a year . The plastic parts are very flimsy and easily break . The petting compartment latch broke after only a month and I had to tape it closed . The wheel quit working well after a few months and the part the wheel sets down into broke , so it is not secure . The cage is very difficult to clean as it falls apart every time I try to lift the top section off to clean the bottom part . What others say about the wheel is true as well . My hamster uses it for a bed and other things then tries to run in the wheel and the stuff goes everywhere . I am purchasing a different cage as this one is falling apart after only having it a year .
 My son 's hamster is Now safe and sound in a DIFFERENT cage because the tiny little plastic pieces that held the wheel in place broke , after only 6 months of owning this cage , and the hamster escaped and was missing for 3 days . It was difficult to clean the wheel , and the wheel was very noisy . But the hamster did love the little viewing spot at the top of the cage . That was where he made his bedding area . I would n't recommend the cage based on the fact that the slide and wheel design is not solid enough , but the concept of the cage is fun and exciting so no one is more disappointed that the cage did n't work out than I am .
 I bought this cage , cause it was a 2 level cage , and it looked fun for my 2 dwarf hammies.Pros
 Problem 1 - The first one we bought had a hole in the side of the plastic . We returned it the next day and the store personnel had to go through 8 boxes to find one that was n't broken.Problem 2 - Hamster loves nesting in the wheel . Hamster also liked running in the wheel and then the bedding and poop comes flying out the wheel.Problem 3 - It took Hammy about 3 weeks to figure out how to climb the sides of the cage and push up the top lid and escape . The first few times we thought we had n't correctly latched it but we had . Hamsters are smart persistent creatures . We had put the cage in a rubbermaid container and he climbed out of the cage and out of the container . Now the wheel is off the top and the whole cage is in a 30 gallon fish tank with weighted lid . Hopefully this will keep the hamster contained.Problem 4 - The water bottle is useless . The hamster did n't figure it out and the water leaked slowly into the cage.The hamster loves the ramp and the petting cage.Might be a good cage for a dwarf hamster but not for a full size hamster .
 It 's a big mess , very hard to clean . But my daughter loves it !! Perhaps that 's because she does n't have to clean it !
 My hamster went in the wheel and got trapped and my cat knocked it down . So other wise really stupid and do n't buy it wastes $ 50.00
 This cage is TERRIBLE . DO NOT BUY THIS.Sure , it 's cute , and the hamster really loves it.He loves to sleep , poop , and pee in the wheel ... which , stupidly , is OUTSIDE the cage . Poop flies everywhere . My daughter ca n't play on the floor in her room unless I vacuum first , and then , even still , poop just randomly falls out of the wheel . I have begun cutting a hole in a paper plate and putting it under the wheel casing , but then it 's just a huge plate full of poop and when I try to get it off , poop goes flying . This cage is DISGUSTING.Also , if your hamster hangs out and the top of the slide -LRB- they will -RRB- then their poop and pee just runs down the slide and makes it a disgusting mess.I clean this thing twice a week . It 's hard to take apart , although it CAN be done . I do n't agree that it 's cheaply made or that it breaks easily ... I think people are n't taking it apart correctly . However , it 's a total pain.Because of the poor design , we are trying to sell our six year old daughters hamster -LRB- or give it away ! -RRB- because we have a roaming baby , who ca n't go into their room because of this . It 's sad ... if we had bought a different cage , she 'd be able to keep her pet.Gross .
 After ordering and waiting for the product to arrive , the children were disappointed it took so long . Then to only to receive an email from the seller that our product was not going to be shipped since they could n't afford to ship it ? That is the idea of paying shipping and handling right ? So through email I tell the seller how disappointed the children are and how I paid enough for the item there was no reason for it to have not been shipped . The seller was nasty and unprofessional . Told me , `` Look lady , go to petsmart and get it . '' and other nasty things . I was very angry and disturbed by the treatment of the seller , as well as the unprofessionalism of the entire event . I have never had such a bad experience purchasing something online as I did in this case .
 super cute looking home , but the wheel design is poor because the slits in where it connects allow poop and bedding -LRB- which our hamster takes up there -RRB- to come out all over the top of the cage and onto the surface below ... yuck !
 We 've had this habitat for about a week and a half . It looks really cool and fun , but the hamster immediately started nesting in the wheel , which means when he runs , he flings poo everywhere . It 's very unsanitary . I just purchased the expansion lookout to replace the current wheel and a new wheel that will fit inside the cage . If I were doing this over , I would buy the Super Pet CritterTrail Primary Habitat available on Amazon for about $ 23 . As it stands now , I 've invested nearly $ 60 in the Super Pet CritterTrail Extreme Challenge Habitat , the expansion lookout and new wheel -LCB- the hamster , Roscoe -LRB- a.k.a. Agent R -RRB- has to exercise -RCB- .
 I agree with other reviewers complaining about the insane filth created in and around that orbital wheel on top of the cage . We , too , ended up replacing it with a normal wheel . We also added a den -LRB- by Ovo -RRB- for hamster to feel cozy in her nest . Another negative related to the same top structure is custom size hole where the orbit attaches to the cage - we had to use duct tape to close it by attaching a bubble-window there . Also , with that structure on top , you ca n't even open the petting zone properly
 Our hamster chose to use the wheel as his den . He spends his time filling the wheel with bedding and food . He sleeps most of the day there , and does his bathroom business . Then , some time in the middle of the night , he wakes up and decides to go for a run in his wheel . What goes in , must come out , and out it comes , all over the place ... . bedding , food , feces and urine . I 'm constantly cleaning up around the cage . Plus , the urine collects in the wheel housing , that plastic purple thing the wheel sits in , and creates a rather solid , dried urine , feces and bedding mess . It 's really quite disgusting , and unsanitary . Plus , it 's impossible to open to clean and put back together . The idea was to allow my 6 year old to take on the responsibility of caring for an animal , but she ca n't clean the cage by herself becuase she ca n't open and close it by herself .
 At first , when my daughter had this for her hamster , it seemed like a great product . HEr hamster Miko LOVED it . But after about a month , my daughter looked at the cage and saw that her hamster was hanging upside-down in the wheel with her little foot stuck in the crack . Miko 's leg ended up getting swollen and very gross . We all thought that she would die . The next morning when we went to check on her , her leg was gone . Please do not buy this product for the sake of the animals .
 The cage looks great and the top tray is neat . The downside is when the ball rotates the hamsters poopie flys everywhere . Trying to figure out how to contain the ball area .
 I bought this cage when I first got my gerbils , and it was terrible . Even though I had it attached to another CritterTrail cage , I later learned it was n't enough space for both of them . They had plenty of toys to chew , but they would constantly chew on the bars -LRB- one of them broke a tooth that way -RRB- , and they chewed up the Xtreme Spiral Slide in about five minutes , leaving no access to the Xtreme Wheel . The wheel got stuck after a while and would n't spin properly . Also , this thing is an absolute pain to clean , and the gerbils always kicked bedding out onto the floor , so I had to clean that up too.This cage might be big enough for a single mouse or dwarf hamster , but your best bet is to get a glass or plastic tank instead . It 's not as Xtreme , but it 's cleaner , quieter , safer , and more fun for little pets to dig around in .
 Please do not buy this cage , it is DANGEROUS ! The biggest problem is that the materials are cheap.I had a Syrian hamster for about 5 months . At first the cage was fine , I guess , despite the problems that have already been addressed in other reviews regarding the mess and the difficulty putting this cage together . The wheel is too small for a Syrian , and they are not able to run at full speed or with correct posture . My hamster was not running enough -LRB- she decided to make the tiny wheel her special spot for sleeping and storing food -RRB- , so I had to let her run around in her ball for long periods each day.She had a bad habit that a lot of hamsters have though , which was frantically chewing on the bars around the cage , probably made worse because she was bored by the size of the cage . Well , because the materials used in this cage are CHEAP , my hamster was able to bend the bars enough so that one day she pushed the cage door open !! -LRB- The door is right at her height level , too -RRB- . Needless to say , she escaped , and because her cage was on a dresser and she had no fear of heights , she jumped/fell off . My poor hamster lived for about a week after that with limp back legs that the vet could n't fix , and died of complications shortly thereafter . : -LRB- Save yourself the heartbreak and buy a different cage !
 My hamster only had a few days in this cage before her paw got caught in the wheel . She is at the vet 's office and we are awaiting to hear the results.Believe the reviews ! Do not buy this cage !
 Bought this to house two new dwarf hamsters.Pros : - lots of stimulation for the hamsters
 My daughter bought this cage for her pet hamster in July . It is now December , and already five pieces on it have broken -- tiny pieces related to connecting sections together . She is a pretty careful 10 year old and handles the cage cautiously ; nevertheless , it is covered with duck tape to fix the broken areas . It is very disappointing since she was so excited to buy this cage on her birthday . As well , her hamster is almost too fat to fit through the tubes . So , I would recommend this cage for a smaller rodent . Her hamster does enjoy the variety of the tunneling areas , but I think we will go for a bigger size cage next time .
 Hamsters love it but the wheel on top of the cage allows poop and seeds to shoot out over the entire room . I have another cage with the wheel at the side and it keeps the droppings right under the wheel . When the hamsters start running small seeds and extras shoot everywhere . Save yourself the headache and get a more contained cage .
 Bought this cage for our daughter 's first hamsters . For the most part it 's working out okay , except for one very important thing
 I 'll admit it . This cage looks awesome . Thewheel and the portable cage are unbelieveable . It looks really cool , but trust me it is n't It keeps falling apart . The snap on parts do n't snap on . AND THE WORST IS MY HAMSTER LIFTED AND PUSHED THE TOP OFF AND ESCAPED . I HAVE N'T SEEN HIM SINCE !!!! DO NOT GET THIS UNLESS YOU WANT YOUR ANIMAL TO ESCAPE .
 Terrible product . A pain to put together and take apart . Hamster escaped a few times . Broke in so many places that it ended up being held together with gaffers tape .
 I got my daughter a Robo and this cage for Christmas , and a short 3 weeks later the hamster died of dehydration . The water bottle that comes with this has some sort of spring inside that prevented the hamster from being able to drink . It was my first hamster , and very small , so I did n't notice that the water level was n't moving at all.Fortunately , the cage does have some redeeming qualities . The wheel is pretty neat , as it spins around , and the removable `` look out '' is a good idea . If you oil the wheel when you clean it , it stays pretty quiet.All in all , it 's ok , I 'm just pretty pissed that now I have to explain to my 6 year old that an engineer killer her hamster .
 I bought this cage for our beloved Alvin 2 . First of all the cage does not stay together . When you go to clean it the whole cage falls apart . I am not even sure how to get apart the wheel at the top of the cage to clean . Alvin 2 was able to escape from this cage . He never escaped from his Penn Plex Sam cage . We bought this cage to add on . Alvin squeezed through at the top of the cage where the bars hook to the top . Thankfully we found Alvin 2 after her being missing for about 10 hours only for her to die a few days latter . I tried calling the company about this cage but you have to leave a number for them to call you back . They never call back .
 If I did n't only pay 16.99 for this on Amazon I would probably be pretty pissed -LRB- actually I 'm still a little ticked -RRB- . It arrived from Petco damaged so I had to drive to town to take it back . I have the expansion option that has a secondary wheel on the side and that broke the first time removing it , the sides broke the first time trying to clean it . Call me crazy but I expect something to be a little more substantial when it retails for over $ 50 bucks.My hamster escaped the second week she was in it and now after only 4 weeks the top wheel is creating plastic dust because she uses it so much ... apparently she has worn groove on the supporting rail so it no longer spins , it just sticks.This might be fine in a house that the hamster or rodent is the only pet , however I have three cats , three dogs and a snake that would love to snack on her.She now resides in the guest room until I find something better , lucky for us we have a seven bedroom house.If you do n't , I would suggest something else .
 We bought this habitat along with another for our two hamsters . Both habitat 's have been nothing but nightmares ! This particular habitat may look really neat , and I will say our hamster loved the wheel before it broke , but that 's problem number one . We 've had the habitat for all of a month and the wheel broke -LRB- not fixable , the plastic actually snapped in two -RRB- , we ca n't seem to keep the lid locked on the `` carry along '' section of the cage -LRB- shown in green -RRB- not to mention that if you actually get your hamster in there and manage to pull the carrier off before the hamster escapes you have to be super hero fast to get the sealing piece on the hole before your hamster free 's itself . Also , there is not a lot of room in this cage with the round climber for your hamster to get to the ball , so do n't plan on putting any other toys or medium to large houses in this cage -LRB- the small igloo we bought takes up pretty much all of the remaining space ~ we even have a hard time finding a sufficient place for his food dish -RRB- . All-in-all if I could go back we would n't have wasted the money on these cages . Sure , they look really cool and have lots of accessories to add on -LRB- if you can get them to work -RRB- but in reality save your money and buy a better built , more accessorizable cage instead .
 The is the worst cage I have ever owned for a hamster . Putting it together is a nightmare ... if parts are n't exactly where they need to be , it will appear to be assembled correctly until you slightly bump it and everything falls apart -LRB- resulting in your little critter escaping if you are not nearby to see -RRB- . The wheel is loud and has little drain holes for poo & pee to leak out , but the part underneath to capture it does n't do a good job and it all winds up everywhere . The water bottle that came with it leaked . The door is nearly impossible to latch without using excessive force -LRB- thought this would get easier as it got broken in , but no -RRB- . The top compartment that can be removed is dangerous because if you snap it in and hamster is anywhere near it , you can pinch an ear , tail , or leg . I paid a lot more for this at PetSmart and wound up taking it back after 3 months because it was so crappy -LRB- the store let me exchange for a better one -RRB- . Do not buy this cage !!
 Bought 2 hamsters for 2 children for Christmas . . with two of these cages . One broken within weeks . . both broken within month and my kids are not harsh on things . So hard to clean that `` I '' ended up cleaning both . Finally gave both to older kid to hook together and tape up broken parts and use for one of the hamsters . Not impressed although I gave it two stars because the `` hamster '' sure liked running around in it . Basic wire cages are easiest to clean and these things get smelly .
 okay , so I bought this cage with my two hamsters pip and squeak , and was happy with it for like the first few months , even though cleaning it is annoying . the problems came with the wheel which creeks something horrible when the hamsters run , but i fixed that by spraking it with pam . theh the hamster escaped , three times and i have no idea how , i assume they maneuvered themselves between the bars , especially at the top , and then they climbed down a towel that was under the cage to keep the table clean . they do tend to den in the wheel when its blocked or otherwise they just throw bedding and seeds in it which rattles worse than the squeaking when they decide to run . oh and the wheel has spacing in it that allows the built up contents to be ejected out when the hamsters run so prepare your vacuum cleaner , and a hamster escape routine ! crap cage !
 This is cute and fun , but also VERY messy . The wheel is truly horrible . The ONLY nice thing was that the gerbils always pooped in the same place , upstairs . Too small too for two gerbils . Petsmart recommended it , I DO NOT ! We bought a real cage , within two weeks of buying this one , that 's how bad it was , and the new cage has been great .
 We have had this cage for one year and the slide has broken off and the peice that conects the roof to the cage broke.It has been a pain to clean because it falls apart.Another thing is that they eat and poop up in the wheel so when they run the food and poop fall through the cracks and after that I ca n't feed them the same food because it is mixed in with poop.All in all I do n't think it was worth my money .
 The cage is secure and good ... except for the top attachment with the wheel . The hamster will run around a lot and it will slowly move out of its secure spot . Then the whole top wheel attachment will fall off with the hamster in it . I lost my 1st hamster because of this . Still used the cage for my 2nd hamster and its done it twice even though we keep securing it into place . Luckily I still have her because I caught her the 1st time and she landed in a laundry basket the second time ... so we trashed this one and ordered a cage with a wheel inside ... that way she ca n't run away if it falls off .
 I do not recommend purchasing the Super Pet CritterTrail Extreme Challenge Habitat . Do not waste your money . I received the cage and put it all together as the instructions told me to . I had my husband check my work to make sure everything was secure . We placed our two mice in the cage and about 3 days went by before I realized the water bottle was not functioning properly . It was vacuum sealed so tight the mice could not get any water . So I fixed that problem by placing a different water bottle in the cage . About another week went by and we realized both mice had escaped the cage . We searched the cage for a hole , damage , a gap ... ANYTHING that would explain why the pets were missing . The cage was completely intact and we could not figure out how they got out . I was able to find one of the mice and placed him back in the cage . He was fine for about another week to a week and a half before he escaped again . Upon the next cage inspection again everything is intact , no holes , no gaps ... I CAN NOT FIGURE OUT HOW THEY GOT OUT . But now I am out the money for their food , I am out money for the cage , I am out money for the replacement water bottle and HAVE NO PET MICE . Do not buy this cage . My mice were perfectly fine for a month in a glass aquarium . I wish I would have left them in the aquarium .
 My daughter saved up her money to buy this Habitat for her hamster . Our hamster loved the wheel . At first when she ran in the wheel it was noisy . Then our hamster began to use it as a bathroom and food storage . If this was n't gross enough she would also run in it . Little droppings and seeds would fly out of it and it was incredibly noisy . No matter how many times we cleaned it out the hamster would immediately fill it up again and make a tremendous racket . I would have to clean up around the habitat several times a day . The little observation area on the top is difficult for children to latch , so we had several adventures searching the house for our hamster . Save your money and buy a different Habitat . We 're happy with the new 3 level one we bought .
 Worst design and cage ever ! A bar popped out from where the bars are supposed to be welded together and now my little hamster is dead from it stabbing her ! Before that happening , Goldilocks would bring food and bedding into her wheel and then when she would run , it would throw the food , bedding , and droppings everywhere . The urine catch did n't help at all . Also , if you decide to get a different wheel and close the hole where the old one went , there is no room in the cage for a different one because the petting area goes down too far to allow room for the wheel . Save your money and get a better cage ! If I could , I would n't even give this one star .
 Usually do n't review items , but this one was a problem . The kids liked the cage , but the wheel was loud and stuck . It required some tape to move better , not a big deal . The cage is harder to clean than other brands -LRB- we like easy latch dish versions -RRB- , with lots of areas that really need to get scrubbed down routinely so they do n't smell . But the biggest issue was the ease of escape for a hamster ! Ours broke out several times a month until we finally replaced the cage ! Had a friend with the same cage , at the same time , and the same escape problem . The hatch on top is not secure enough if you like to keep the little pet in .
 I choose this rating as the wheel at the top is useless . Even with vegetable oil to lube it , it wo n't turn smoothly . The two halves that form the wheel are not flush either and have large gaps . How is a hamster supposed to run on that ? Disappointed in the manufacturing of this product . Not up to par .
 The cage itself was nice , my daughter liked the petting box and her mice used that quite a bit . They slept in there , must have been warm . There are air holes everywhere on all the enclosed areas . Which leads me to my next reply ... the wheel ... the dreaded wheel we called it . It is a horrible set up - good idea if it worked nicely . The worst about it was the mouse droppings and urine got everywhere ! And I mean everywhere ! It was disgusting , it would fly out of the holes as they ran . Just gross ! On top of that there is the fact its so hard to clean and my 11 yr old daughter was n't able to do it alone . Ca n't take that wheel apart . Bad set up . She ended up putting the old wheel that squeaked inside and we closed off the upper wheel area . I would rather put up with a squeak than the mouse feces which can be deadly.Other than that , the cage was nice . Small - but nice . I would n't buy it again . Unless the design was changed . Because having extra room inside the cage is nice . More room for toys for the mice to play with .
 My son fell in love with this cage because it looks so cool -- different colors and tubes , very visually interesting . Within a month we had the following problems :1 . Hamster stuffed all her food in the top wheel , had to take it all apart and clean it out . The plastic pieces are hard to work with -LRB- getting them to snap out for cleaning -RRB- 2 . One night , the hamster forced the plastic tubing apart -LRB- two pieces made a tube -RRB- and escaped .3 . Another night , the entire top wheel fell off , the hamster escaped and is still missing in our home . The design of the wheel looks cool , but the plastic pieces holding it all together are not durable.It 's all eye candy with this product -- definitely an example of form over function . If we ever do find our hamster , we 'll go back to her basic starter cage that we never had problems with .
 My gerbil loves the cage , he especially loved chewing the slide . Within a few days of having the cage my gerbil has chewed about half of the slide so it would no longer stand up . I would have thought it would have been made to withstand gerbil teeth .
 bought this cage for my son 's new hamster.We have had a lot of problems.Regarding the mess from the wheel , this is poor design and for a new hamster owner we did not see the pitfall.When urine falls through the wheel onto the tray it smells . In the cage there is bedding to absorb , but on the track there is nothing so it smells bad.I find it 's hard to clean and reassemble and it takes two of us . You have to be very careful that the wire cage is inserted exactly right or else the animal can get pinched trying to separate the parts.The cage door is very hard to open/close and makes a very loud noise . The wire on all four sides make it hard to dump out the bedding indoors . We wanted my 10 year old son to be able to take care of this himself but the cleaning process definitely takes two.We were able to train the hamster not to nest in the wheel . When he first was in the cage he built his nest there daily . Very messy when the wheel turned.We took off the wheel for 2 days until he began nesting in the nesting box on top . After that short period , he has never nested in the wheel again.Now our problem is that we threw out the bottle when it started to leak and are now using a standard hamster bottle hung on the side . We replaced the bottle with a yellow plug that came with the cage . That plug locks into place . Well Apple is some kind of Houdini since 3 times he has climbed to the yellow plug , rotated it and pushed it out then hoisted himself out of the cage . The first 2 times I blamed us for not locking the yellow plug . But the last time I made extra sure it was locked and sure enough , he escaped last night . We can not find a replacement bottle to fill that hole so we have resorted to duct taping the yellow plug.I would say the cage is very attractive for a young pet owner but definitely too hard to maintain .
 We decided to get my 7-year-old daughter gerbils -LRB- two females of course -RRB- so she could learn some responsibility . We ended up buying * three * of these cages . The first two were duds . The way they were packaged caused them to have an unfixable hole in the side about the size of a quarter . I should have gotten a glass tank after the second one . Finally the third one was intact.Assembly was easy enough . I was concerned that when I snappped the top , middle and bottom together they were n't secure enough - but that was not a problem once together . Everything functioned well and for the first few days and the cage was a good way for all the kids to observe and interact with the gerbils . Then the problems.First , like others have said , the wheel looked great and was fun to watch them go . But it also collected urine and feces , which driped into the tray underneath -LRB- good design -RRB- or flew out everywhere when they ran -LRB- bad design -RRB- . Also , to clean the wheel required that it be disassebled and was not too difficult for me as an adult . But these gerbils are my daughter 's charge and she could never get it off or to open by herself.Second , the removable tray up top is another great idea , especially for cleaning time . But half the time my daughter was removing it or putting it back I feared for the gerbils ' tails.Third , the bottom is too shallow . Most of the time the litter -LRB- regardless of how little we put in -RRB- got pushed up the sides as they were nesting and ended up on the ground . We decided to put the cage inside a half-sheet cake pan to try to contain most of the overflow.Lastly , the slide -LRB- not really a slide but a spiral `` staircase '' -RRB- is also a neat feature , especially if you need a chew toy . They started chewing on the slide within that first week . We gave them a variety of other things to chew , but nothing beat the bright green slide . Since getting the cage about 2 months ago , the slide has been * completely * chewed away . There is no more slide!Needless to say , we have moved the gerbils to a glass tank . We 'll probably use the food bowl and the connector tubes as entertainment . The rest , however , is lipstick on a pig .
 My son loved this cage but we returned it after only two days because his hamster insisted on making a nest in the top wheel portion and then running in it , resulting in a big mess . There are slots in the wheel that allow the bedding and food and hamster poo to be thrown all around - really gross . We returned it and got the single level habitat and added on the lazy outlook which has been a much better set up .
 We had a dwarf hammie that we thought would LOVE this cage , especially since SANTA had brought it to us . Well , the elves should be spanked . The wheel , as most people have said , ends up being a turd throwing MACHINE !! Think hammie baseball , the auto-matic turd thrower just like my boy 's baseball throwing machine ! Round and round the hammie goes , where the poop lands , we all do know . . on the floor , in my coffee cup on the dresser ... ugh.When hammie got old , he died . And , he died in the wheel , we thought he was sleeping , but since its hard to see inside the wheel colored as it is -- he laid there til my daughter noticed no movement , and then we had a blood curdling SCREAM as she found her dead hammie in there . It was a mess getting the body out . So , turds can FLY out , but the dead hamsters are there to stay.What a mess . Do not get this , its CRAP . Just like the turds in my coffee . Minus 5 stars if it were possible . -LRB- get a different brand altogether or a different type without the bars also -- they escape through them -RRB- .
 I got this cage fo my hamster , and at first it seemed really great . She was afraid to go up in to the wheel and when she did her foot got stuck in the gap and she tried to chew it off . Luckly we broke it in time before she got seriously hurt . The wheel also seemed to get stuck alot . I took the wheel and the slide to get up to the wheel out and there is much more room and she wo n't get hurt .
 We got this cage for our dwarf hamster , a Robo dwarf . A few days after taking him home he badly cut his hind leg . He died two days later -LRB- possibly from infection -RRB- . While I did n't see him injure his foot , I do know that it happened inside the cage . I found a lot of blood right around one of the air holes in the wheel - just the perfect size for him to get his little foot stuck in while exercising . I considered taping up this hole -LRB- for our next dwarf hamster -RRB- but I really do n't like how the spiral slide interfaces with the top portion which includes the wheel . The plastic does not fit together securely and there are gaps that might cause injury to the animal . Now , I use the cage with the slide and wheel removed and the hole plugged up . I purchased a separate hamster wheel to go inside . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone !
 I 've been using this cage for 6 months , and I dread cleaning it . The wheel design is terrible , mice go to the bathroom as they run and it just accumulates in there , with some spraying out into the room . You have to take it completely apart to clean properly -LRB- the whole cage I mean -RRB- , and after doing this for months I doubt the plastic clips will last much longer . The layout is cool , but unfortunately it is just way too hard to clean . As a tip , I ditched the wheel entirely and put a different one into the cage itself but that leaves little room inside.stay away from this product , you will regret purchasing it . .
 I bought this habitat for my daughter . We put two Dwarf Robo Hamsters -LRB- who were housed together in the pet shop -RRB- in it , and within a week , one of them had her foot taken off by the poorly made wheel . There are very sharp edges on it , and terrible vent holes in it that act like knives . We instantly replaced this with a very nice Habitrail by Ovo , which has worked very nicely for us . Our hamster is currently undergoing treatment from a vet , and unfortunately , will likely have to have her leg amputated ! So ... in short , I DO NOT recommend this item . Also , I called the company , and they were very aloof about the situation , and did n't seem at all concerned or surprised for that matter . They told me it was my fault for puting them in the cage together ... even though the packaging says ZERO about this being for a single animal -LRB- which I do n't think is true , nor would it have made a difference -RRB- . They also tried to blame the pet shop ... which is absurd ! My daughters have been traumatized , and this poor defenseless creature has been permanently mamed for life ! I 'm disappointed with all aspects of this purchase ... including the fact that once we get our second hamster back -LRB- if she survives -RRB- , she will have to be housed separately from her sister , because they can no longer live together -LRB- due to their separation -RRB- . That means I will have to purchase another habitrail . Please do n't buy this item ... it 's a complete waste of money , and a total death trap ! I hated it ... does that come across in this message ? Do n't waste your money ... unless you like dealing with vet bills , deformed pets , and traumatized children ! Ps . I only gave it one star because there was no option for zero stars !
 This looked cool online and the reviews on Amazon were mixed . We got it anyway for my daughter 's hamster . Bad move on our part . Amazon did their job great and got this to us fairly quickly.Once received , we took out all the parts to exam which parts would fit to which . This was absolutely necessary because the first problem we had is that the directions are terrible and almost impossible to follow . It takes a while to figure out , but by doing what we did -- lying out the pieces and considering where they might fit -- we managed to figure out where each part fits despite the extra 20 mins to 1/2 hour.The second problem we encountered is that one of the connections had broken plastic right out of the box . The breakage was in an area so small and hard to get to that I do not think this could possibly have happened during shipping ; must be a manufacturer 's defect.The third problem we found is that the four parts sticking out on the wire cage where the clamps from the top part are supposed to attach were misaligned . This made attaching and securing the top of the cage impossible.The fourth problem we had was with the rounded chamber that goes at the very top of the cage . This comes in two halfs that you must slot together . A small plastic protuberance on one half that is supposed to line up in a slot on the second half broke off with the slightest touch even without trying to fit it into the slot permanently . This breakage made it impossible to secure the two halfs together , at which point we permanently gave up on this item and returned it to Amazon for a full refund.Apparently , the manufacturing -LRB- given problem three above -RRB- is defective and it is designed with plastic that is too cheap and weak such that it easily breaks . I would almost bet that , based on the weakness of the plastic , this item will break apart when disassembling and re-assembling for cleaning purposes . But of course we did not get that far .
 Extreme Challenge - We 've had ours for 8 days . Tonight , my husband was walking by the cage and noticed that our dwarf hamster was 3/4 of the way out of his cage through an opening in the side door of the cage . This is an unvelievable design flaw . He did n't bend it or break anything , he just crawled right through the slighty larger opening between two rungs just under the area where you squeeze to unlatch the door . He did eventually get all the way through it .
 I would have said we loved this critter home at first . Now after 3 months of owning it , the hamster can push the top off of the cage . We had 3 parts break as well . I called the company and they replaced two of the parts but since the clamps that hold the top down are now broken -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- , they said I need to buy a new one !
 I am writing this evening after searching for an escaped hamster for the 3rd time . I have super glued parts that have fallen off . The cage has basically exploded into multiple pieces when moving it . It 's difficult to clean and requires complete reassembly each time . It looks like a fun cage but owning it has been nothing but grief . I think we are back to the old reliable aquarium with lid -LRB- assuming the hamster shows back up -RRB- .
 I got this for my 14 year old brother as a birthday present as well as a new gerbil . I read the reviews that said that gerbils chew the slide but i kinda just shrugged them off . I should n't have . in addition to chewing the bottom of the slide , the gerbil managed to chew the tabs that hold the slide to the top of the cage and the whole slide fell down . Not that that stopped him from climbing the side of the cage to get into his wheel . Ans when i tried to duct tape the slide back in place , he ate -LRB- not chewed , ATE -RRB- the duct tape.Other than that , the gerbil has changed his peeing area 3 times ; once it was in the main part of the cage , then it was in the wheel -LRB- where he also slept and ate until he chewed the slide off -RRB- , and now its in the petting zone and gerbil piss stinks ! He carried his bedding everywhere in the cage and kicks out a large amount of bedding everyday . Despite that he still loses his cardboard pieces in the bedding so i had to use a binder clip on the side of the cage so he can see them and chew them rather than the slide.All together , this is a nice cage ... for HAMSTERS ! hamsters are naturally slower than gerbils and they seem less likely to chew the top of the slide . before buying this cage , know the personality of your rodent , if its hyper and crazy this is probably not the best cage for you . Do yourself a favor and get a nice little 10 gallon glass aquarium and just get it cool toys to go in there , or even the cage topper product by this company would work better than this .
 The wheel was quiet for about a week , and then whenever it rotated it made a terrible scraping noise . The wheel and its mount are also very hard to clean , and you have to disassemble the entire cage to clean it properly . My mouse also found a way to chew the wires and a few of them ended breaking off and she could escape . I used this for a few months before I got too frustrated with it . If you have a pet that likes to use their wheel as a bathroom , as my mouse did , definitely do not buy this , because I had to take the entire wheel mount off to clean it -LRB- besides it 's a closed wheel so you ca n't just wipe it down while still attached -RRB- , and it 's not easy to disassemble .
 Our hampster brings all his food and filler to the ball and it 's a HUGE mess - the floor , the tabletop , etc . . .
 My daughter picked this cage out because it looked neat and she thought it would be great for her hamster . It is very cool looking , but that 's my only positive comment about it . Our hamster does nest in the wheel sometimes and he 'll take food up there . When he starts spinning the wheel , the food flops around inside and it is very noisy . With the wheel on the outside , it makes for a huge mess . The poop flies everywhere , so we had to get a cardboard box to put around the cage to catch all of the mess . The tray does catch some of the pee , but it makes the whole room smell really bad . You really need to wipe it off everyday . The top of the cage cracked after the first week . The tabs on the roof make it very hard to open and close the cage . The slide keeps falling off . As stated in other reviews , it takes a long time to clean and requires adult supervision . You have to disassemble the wheel frequently because it gets so filthy inside . I would not recommend buying this cage . We have a friend who bought the same one before I got to tell them not to buy it . In less than a week they did not like it and returned it to the store and plan on using a regular aquarium . We plan on buying a different cage also .
 I agree with A. Garza . Our hamster made the wheel her bed also . A disaster . I 'm going to back to our original , simpler cage .
 On our original shipment , the box had been bashed in , and there was damage to the wheel , so it would not lock together properly . Amazon replaced this for us with no problems.However , the design of the wheel itself is awful . It does not spin well , and there are gaps that would allow thigs to leak/spill out . I wanted to send this one back also , but unfortunately we went on vacation and missed the window to do so . So , this cage will sit unused in or basement until I can think of something to do with it.Get something with a better wheel !
 This cage is horrible !!! The wheel was used as a nest , and the track underneath became a type of sewer , catching all the urine and dirt . You have to empty it daily to even begin to keep it clean , not to mention what happens if the hamster moves the wheel . I know that hamsters are messy little buggers , it comes with the territory , but the design of this cage takes it to a whole new level .
 The cage is built with good enough quality , but after using it for two weeks , we are really unhappy with it . The hamsters have moved most of the stuffing into the wheel . They poop in there and everything , and then try to use the wheel sending poop , food , and stuffing everywhere ! IT IS SO MESSY ! Our kids ca n't even get our hamsters to come out of the wheel to even hold or play with them . DO N'T BUY THIS CAGE ! I wish I would have looked on amazon before purchasing this cage .
 Bought this thinking it would be cool , but the ball that rolls around on top rarely worked and would always get stuck . Also , getting my mouse out of it was really hard to do . The mouse loved it , that 's the only reason I gave it 2 stars . Much more hassle then it was worth . Returned it for a basic
 The hampsters were loving the cage and wheel . Then I heard the hampster squeaking and entered to find that her leg had gotten caught in the small opening on the wheel . She was stuck . I helped get her leg out and it appears that she has a slight cut and is limping a bit on her back leg . I immediately put tape over the opening so this wo n't happen again and may need to remove wheel all together .
 We lost 3 Chinese dwarf hamsters in 3 months ! They will easily climb up the cage walls if even the smallest part is loose . They will bite the spring that holds the door . This is a cheap , plastic 30 dollar rip off ! Negative 999,999,999,999,999,999,999.999999999999784283750 stars 4 this company . Even the ball/wheel stinks . They will get their foot stuck in those giant cracks and then they will bite their own foot off ! Do not buy!A tip for if your little furball escapes is put food on top of a sheet of tinfoil in every room of your house , it will come to get the food and you will hear it . Close the door behind u to make sure he/she does not escape . Stack stuff on top of each other to lead up to a bucket were u put loose paper on top of the bucket . Put food on there so it will come up ur stacked materials . It will try to get the food but it will fall into the bucket .
 We bought this for our two female gerbils . The features look cool , and my husband liked it immediately because of the green wheel at the top . We have it connected to another , basic , red and yellow Critter Trail habitat . Without the other cage , I doubt they would have enough floor space to move around.One gerbil loves the green wheel at the top of this cage , the other loves the wheel that came with the other cage . I agree with other reviewers that urine and feces are thrown everywhere as the gerbils run on the wheel - it is a bit messy and gross . We do n't use the water bottle that came with this cage , since we use the water bottle that came with the cage that 's connected to this one . Our gerbils chewed on and destroyed the two , lower sections of the spiral stairs in less than two weeks . It seems they are finished chewing on the stairs now , and they are enjoying the larger floor-space that they have created in the cage.Overall , I do n't think it 's a large enough cage for two gerbils by itself , but it 's nice as an add-on to another set of cages . The observation deck on the top is nice , and it is helpful when transporting the gerbils to another cage during cleaning.The purple support loop around the wheel broke when we first removed it from the box to put it together . It needs to be treated very gently , but we glued it together with Super-Glue . The connection between the wheel apparatus and the rest of the cage is hard to unlatch . When the wheel has feces in it , this becomes a project.Our gerbils love it , but there are some cons to consider .
 Where do I start ? The water bottle leaks , it 's too small for a hamster and it falls apart easily . I mean you look at thins thing wrong and it falls apart ! My hamster figured out so many ways to escape from the cage . The wheel is also loud . You 're better off buying an aquarium and a cage topper . I was a first time pet owner when I bought this , please learn from my mistakes !! DO N'T BUY THIS !
 I have BOTH the Extreme Challenge and Dazzle Habitats for my daughter and son . Putting the dazzle together was a challenge - but it made putting together the Extreme a SNAP - literally.The dazzle is FABULOUS for our dwarf hamster . She got stuck in the `` ferris wheel '' and was too small to get out - but she learned after a few tries how to get in and out and LOOOVES nesting in the petting zone . GREAT cage for a dwarf hamster . Not ONE MESS have I seen from the dazzle . My only complaint on assembly is that the wheel is just setting there - it is not secured AT ALL - The Extreme Challenge on the other hand is AWFUL !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I think it assembles easily - and is lightweight . I dont understand why the petting zone doesnt lock on - it just sets on top . I think a regular hamster could EASILY escape . The wheel is a NIGHTMARE !!!!!!!!!! The squeak is easily tamed with mineral oil but the first night the hamster took food up there and FLUNG FOOD AND POOP EVERYWHERE - I had to vaccuum the whole mess - the next night he took food AND bedding up there and made a nest and flung bedding and poo EVERYWHERE !!! I wish I 'd have taken a photo !!!! So we decided to tape the slits in the wheel CLOSED !!!!!!!!!!!!!! They get plenty of ventilation from the holes on the sides and the entry tube . I just rinse the wheel every couple of days if it gets nasty . Better than waking up to seeds and poo flung all over the floor every morning.This company should design the wheel for the Extreme similar to the wheel for the dazzle . it has the same slits but the mess falls back inside the cage .
 I purchased this hamster cage , on line , for my teddy bear hamster . It looked like a lot of fun , especially the wheel part . Fortunately , I got a really good deal on it because it was n't as cool as it looked . The wheel does n't really move . I have tried to sand down the edges , thinking that would help it move more freely , and I have greased up the bottom part -LRB- with butter -RRB- so that it would rotate around . But nothing has seemed to work . Also , my hamster does n't seem interested in going up there at all . He does enjoy climing up the spiral ramp , but that 's it . I am pretty disappointed in the cage as a whole .
 Bought this cage for my daughter 's hamster . Love the actual cage , however , the `` Space '' wheel on the top of the cage is HORRIBLE . Since most hamsters are nocturnal , and choose to play at NIGHT , our hamster loves to get in the wheel while we are sleeping and even though the cage is downstairs , when the house is quiet , the wheel makes alot of noise . When I say ALOT , I mean ALOT . It rattles and squeaks . We have had to resort to putting the cage in a closed room while we sleep now . We are thinking of buying a replacement accessory to avoid the hassle . Cage is worth the money but be prepared to put ear plugs in . You could definitely not put this cage in the kids ' rooms .
 This is the biggest piece of crap ! We have actually owned two , they are awful . We bought the first one , my son was in charge of cleaning it , so I thought maybe he was just a little too rough . The plastic pin that holds the wheel on broke . Then plastic tab at the top broke -LRB- luckily we could use the cage anyway -RRB- . It was a huge pain to put back together after cleaning , fitting all the parts just so , my son could not do it alone.Then a friend offered us theirs , they had a bad experience with a biting hamster and gave it and the cage to us . I was in charge of this cage , another plastic tab broke off right away , and another spot on the pin for the wheel . I was aware of how fragile it was so used extra caution , but it broke anyway.Plus when the hamster pees in the wheel , which you know they will , it leaks out and all over , it 's really gross.I would never buy this product again , nor would I even want to accept a free one . We will be replacing both cages , these are garbage .
 This cage is not very functional , and the wheel literally sprays crap all over the place . It 's also really hard to get the hamsters out . Do not buy .
 When we first received this cage we loved it . The hamster loved running up and down the spiral ramp and he seemed to have ample room to run around . However , after a few days he started nesting in the top wheel . He carried food and bedding into the wheel and then proceeded to run in the wheel . The air holes in the wheel are large enough to allow the food , bedding , and mouse feces to fly out of it when the hamster runs . This creates a HUGE mess as everything collects on the wheel track and spills across the lid of the cage and onto the floor . We had the cage on top of our dryer and I finally decided to get rid of it because I grew tired of pulling out the dryer to sweep the bedding and feces off the floor.I 'm sure not EVERY hamster will nest in the top wheel , but why buy this cage and take the chance that your does ? Do you really want mouse poop and bedding all over the place ? I would highly recommend researching other cages before purchasing this one.I 've posted pictures for you to see for yourself the mess this cage makes .
 This started as a cool new home for my son 's first pet , but our sirian started nesting in the wheel the first night . No matter how many times I emptied the bedding , she went right back to storing food and bedding in the wheel . Every time she went for a run , shavings , seeds , and poop went everywhere ! I swapped her out fof the basic Critter Trail without the wheel on top , but that one has a very small wheel and it is not big enough for our sirian . Now I have to buy more stuff ... sigh .
 we got this as a christmas present for my two boys . We got 2 dwarf hamsters a week ago and the boys AND the hamsters absolutely love it . Unfortunately , this cage is not as clean or sturdy as I would like . The other reviews already explain the mess problem . Our hamsters nest in the ball too and spray everything everywhere when they actually want to run in it . As far as not being sturdy , the separate compartment on the top is not secured to the cage . The hamsters like to stand on top of their igloo and push it up , which is very loud when it bangs down again -LRB- not great since those guys are nocturnal and I 'm not -RRB- . Also , this morning we learned that the wire door is not very strong - one of the hamsters managed to bust right through it - both got out and my youngest son 's hamster became a chew toy for our dog . Not so great for a 4 year old to wake up to . So 3 problems takes away three stars . I think this would be a great cage for mice or gerbils - they are smaller and weaker , but it is no match for a very determined dwarf hamster .
 Have had this for a few months now . Very Cute and the hamster loves it . Problem is that it is pretty fragile , a few broken parts . Found that it is too Fragile for a 10 year-old to take apart and put together to clean , and put back together . If you are buying this for a small child , look out because you 'll be cleaning it !!!!
 I am very sad to say , that although we liked the product initially , it brought sadness to our home . The wheel has holes in it and our hamster 's foot got caught in one of them . As soon as we noticed , we worked to get her out . Unfortunately , her foot has fallen off now . My kids are very sad and we hate to think how long she was caught in there ... all night ? i honestly think this product should be recalled before any other families have the same problem . : -LRB-
 We ended up with this particular cage because it was the only one in stock when we got our hamsters . Everything is fine except the wheel as mentioned by everyone else . Our hamsters did n't nest in the wheel but did occasionally eat up there and the poop and food particles fly everywhere when they go for a run . The track beneath the wheel does n't really do much as the mess sprays out and covers about a 2ft radius around the cage . So I thought I would just get another metal type wheel to put in the cage and cap off or add a different accessory where the crazy wheel was . So I spent another $ 20 on all of that . However , none of crittertrail 's accessories fit in the hole and now I am stuck with the mess forever . Believe the reviews and get a different cage .
 This cage just breaks so easily and falls apart.Hamster poop and pee come out through the wheel and your hamster can get hurt if they horde all of their food in the wheel and then decide to run in it.Paint chips off bars when hamsters chew them.Plastic breaks so easily .
 First of all - it 's hard to clean - it does n't stay together very well - not as if you lift the top and dump the shavings.Second of all ... `` Biggy Smalls '' climbs up in the wheel thingy , poops in there , and then when he walks , it falls thru the vent-holes . Might as well be a chimp flinging his doodoo everywhere.It 's a MESS !
 My hamster , Goldie , loved it . But , escapes may happen . One day I looked at her cage , and she was not there . Apparently , she bent the top bars , and the clips had broken , so she lifted the lid and squeezed out . Hours later we found her under my bed . Also , the cracks in the wheel are big , so pee and poop comes out . Note too , the wheel 's position sends sawdust bedding onto the surrounding surfaces . This is the worst cage in hamster history !
 We got this for our Robo hamsters but had to return it a few days later because the veritcal tube on the side did not fit flush into the cage -LRB- no matter how I tried -RRB- and there were spaces left on the side that the robos -LRB- who can fit through any space the size of a nickle -RRB- could wriggle through . The harder I tried to fit the pieces together the more risk I ran of cracking the cheap plastic . Then every time you clean the cage you have to take it apart , and since these are my son 's pets I wanted him to be able to clean it easily . There 's very little space inside the cage for other accessories , and I did n't like having poop flung hither and yon every time a hamster ran in the wheel at the top . We went to using an aquarium style cage for our robos , which is much easier to clean , more spacious , and I do n't worry about the hamsters escaping .
 After looking at this cage , we thought are hamster would love a break from her other cage , so we purchased it for her . Upon arrival-there are a lot of pieces to put together -LRB- not a good sign -RRB- after securing all pieces we put our hamster inside and sure enough , all the reviews from others about HARD TO CLEAN , MESSY WHEEL , NOT REALLY ROOMY -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- but worst of all it is made cheaply and after a little chewing by your hamster on the clips , they come apart allowing your hamster to escape . PLEASE DO NOT BY THIS CAGE , FOR THE SAFETY AND WELL BEING OF YOUR HAMSTER AND CHILDREN ! OUR HAMSTER DID ESCAPE AND AFTER SEARCHING TO 2 DAYS MY DAUGHTER FOUND HER DEAD AT THE BOTTOM OF OUR SUMP PUMP IN BASEMENT ! Remember , once they get out -- there is no place they wo n't go ! And ours ended in some very upset children .
 At first I did n't understand what the big deal was with cleaning the cage . Then after a few weeks of trying to take it apart , Put it back together agian and get the smell out of it ... I understand why everyone is giving bad reviews . The wheel kept my husband awake at night because of the sound . The hamsters hung out most time in the wheel , Which is the most hardest to clean.Get a large plastic storage tote -LRB- one with high walls -RRB- from Walmart or Target , Leave the lid off and put it up high enough other animals cant get it . The perfect cage . Easy to clean easy to see through .
 I purchased a dwarf hamster for my daughter and she loved this cage . I thought what a great way to have more room in the cage by having the wheel on top . That was the biggest mistake I made . He nests , poops , pees , eats and runs in the wheel every day . I remove the bedding , he brings it back up . He even sometimes removes it himself . I have tried to coax him down with his favorite snacks but he takes them right back up . I have to take apart the wheel every couple of days and scrub it . The wheel squeaks horribly . I oiled it , oil did n't even touch the squeak . I have to move him into the bathroom at night so I can get some sleep . The cage easily comes apart and Buddy has escaped . I do n't have a vacuum with a hose so that suggestion does n't fly.This hamsters was bought as a pet , not a mate . This was supposed to be my 6 yr old daughter 's responsibility . I would n't dare let her touch this cage .
 I even hesitate to give this product one star . The wheel is so loud , you can hear it in the lower level of our home . That being said , anyone sleeping in the same room will never sleep soundly again.Also , while the wheel spins around , it flings poop out of the cage in a three foot radius . The employees of CritterTrail that work in Research and Design should be fired immediately . How can you let a product be sold that does n't hold critter crap?Other designs by CritterTrail are much better , just do n't be fooled by the cool look of this Wheel of Misfortune .
 Well I would not recommend this cage to people that have cats . My hamsters name is Chloe she was in her cage one night . My bedroom door was open , so my cat jumped on the table and knocked down this cage and this cage broke . So my cat took my hamster . Then I took my hamster out of my cats mouth . Luckily she did not die or get hurt too bad she got two cuts . so if you have cats I would not recommend this cage .
 We have n't had good luck with this cage at all . We have a dwarf hamster in it . The cage does n't stay together well at all , I have it taped in places . We still lost her for a day when she climbed the wall , pushed up the top , and got out . When I try to take pieces off to wash them , everything falls apart . Like other people have said , she pees and poos in the wheel , but we have found the tray underneath does n't catch it all so we end up with a bigger mess . We DO love the petting zone though , it 's a great way to catch her.The hamster gives the cage 5 stars , we do n't .
 This is a good product for a little bit but for long term use it stinks . Poop and pee comes through the cracks in the wheel and the cage is very flimsy . It falls apart very easly . If you do n't plan on moving the cage it is great but if you plan on moving the cage around or even cleaning it than it stinks . Every time I move the cage it falls apart and than I have to put it back together again . Spend your money a different cage because you will be wasting it on this one .
 After cleaning this cage once a week for a month , the plastic parts would n't fit together properly anymore and the whole cage began falling apart . I was really unhappy given how much the cage was -LRB- about $ 35 at the time -RRB- that it did n't hold up at all . While the wheel at the top looks cool , it was one of the first parts to have to be removed because the need for constant cleaning wore it down . Might be good as a supplementary home for your critters , but not a primary residence .
 Ok , It was simple to put together . Removing the bottom tray is easier with an extra set of hands due to the fact that the bottom seems like the only part that remains secure . For some reason , it seems like the second level platforms do n't want to stay locked in so you will constantly have to secure them.THE WHEEL ! do n't get me started . They suggest that you lube the axel with vegetable oil , but it 's not the axel that you need to worry about . The wheel consists of two halves locked together , but there is too much play between the two , and they rattle . I have the habitat in a joining room that is ten feet from the livingroom sofa , and I have to set the TV volume at almost max in order to hear the TV . It makes that much noise . I 'm thinking about super glueing the two halves together and if that does n't work , I will have to replace it.The petting zone at the top is probably the choice spot that your hampster will live . After one night , you will find it stuffed full of shavings , food , and excrement , but it 's easy to remove , hence , easy to clean . I do n't have any problems keeping any of the doors locked so escape has n't been an issue . As a matter of fact , I have to really try hard to get them open . If there are hampsters sneaking out , I do n't know how they are doing it.All in all , would I buy another one ? Maybe . It probably just needs a few tweaks that the manufacturers should have thought of . I hope this review will be helpful .
 We have purchased two CritterTrails and have not been happy with either one . The reason we did n't like this one the shelves would not stay in place . We had two hamsters in it and when they were playing they could knock it down . The litter also gets everywhere . You ca n't use it without the shelves because the water bottle is to high for them to reach without being on a shelf . It also is not very easy to put together or stay together and hard to clean without taking it all apart . Since cages should only be cleaned when the hamsters are awake that means in the evenings and it took much to long for a night task . The colors are pretty but the cage is not user friendly .
 in a nutshell
 I have one Syrian hamster in this cage right now . He loves the cage but it 's virtually impossibly to clean and assemble . The long tube that connects to the '' petting zone '' is extremely hard to get off the cage . You have to take a screw driver and try to pry it apart . The latches do n't always close , which could allow a hamster to escape . Also small pieces break off ! The water bottle is blue , so you ca n't see the water level . The red shelves are n't sturdy enough for Syrian hamsters , my hamster knocked it down . The wheel is way too tiny for a Syrian hamster ! He never uses it either because of it 's size . The whole cage itself is a bit to small for Syrian hamsters . We will get a new cage soon .
 Despite the description saying this cage can be used for mice , there are a few huge flaws in that . First , the water bottle that comes with the cage has a spring behind the ball that is too strong for a mouse to move . My mice were getting no water from it . Second , there are holes near the door latches that are big enough for mice to squeeze right through . If I had n't noticed either of these before it was too late my mice would likely be either dead of dehydration or lost . They can also move the petting zone up from the bottom enough to squeeze through the hole , but thankfully you can fix that by making sure you have the tube connected from the petting zone to the bottom tray.For bigger rodents the cage would probably work just fine if you do n't mind ill-fitting shelves and noisy wheel , but I would suggest anyone with mice to stay away and save themselves the headache .
 The cage fell apart within days . We were able to force it together to get about 2 weeks out of it before we had to throw it out and go buy a new cage .
 This cage is a pain to clean and put together . If you getting this product for a child and expecting the child to be able to put it back together . Think again even I as an adult had problems with it . The water bottle sits too low , The top part of the petting zone gets stinky really quick . If you do end up getting a knocked up hamster from the pet store , they will most likely have the babies in the petting zone which makes it even harder to clean the cage and harder to peek in to check on the babies . The tab part for the petting zone breaks off easily and needs to be ducktaped down . You have the water bottle whole then theirs another whole with a plug type of end . Hamsters will chew on that very easily . If I had to buy another one all over again , I would n't .
 got this for my hampster . He was able to get over and get out 8 times . He was able to lift the water bottle out and the trays seem to fit not at all :-LRB- worst consept ever
 At my 9 year old neighbor 's request I ordered a hamster cage for her-one that she 's been saving up for all summer . I paid over $ 9.00 for shipping , since it was n't available for Prime members . 10 days later , and no cage . We were told we 'd get it in 3-5 days , but , again , it 's been 10 days and I see that it 's in the Midwest ... we are in Oregon . So , I 'm not sure if we 'll have to wait another 10 days for it to get here , but my poor neighbor is terribly sad that the cage is n't here , since she was hoping to get her hamster over the weekend.I order a lot , online , and have n't come across such sloppy business - well , ever.I know that I 'll never do business with this company again , and I urge you not to trust Rollstone Fulfillment , either . They 've done nothing but break a young girls heart.Michelle , Portland , OR
 The shelves never stayed in place properly . Also the plastic breaks fairly easily . Not happy.Edited 5/12/10 -- Still not happy with the cage but I was able to do some fixes to make it more stable . I drilled 4 small holes in the lid - 2 on front and 2 on back - and wire tied the top to the wire cage . I did the same thing on the side pieces . This makes it very stable . I 'm able to clean the cage very easily by removing the top .
 I have to agree with the others regarding the cleaning . You ca n't just `` remove the bottom '' - > in doing so the entire cage falls apart . You then clean each part separately then enjoy putting the puzzle back together . Looks great once cleaned and the hamsters love playing around in it , but next time will be looking for something both fun for the hamsters and easier to clean .
 1st time Hamster owner . This habitat was a pain to put together , even my husband struggled with assembling it . No way am I taking it apart to clean it ! I just vacuum out the bottom bedding and the petting zoo comes out to clean that . The wheel is already too small for my syrian and we just got it ! She never runs on it . She 's already broken out twice ! She managed to twist the petting zoo cap 'til it unlocked and slither out . We 've had to duck tape the top which means we ca n't plug the petting zoo with that cap anymore . Also , I am afraid the latches on the petting zoo will break because I frequently get her out up there to get to her . I 'm already looking for a better , more sturdy cage . Would n't recommend this although my sister is n't having any problem with the exact same cage for her panda bear hamster . This is n't a good cage for aggressive , energetic hamsters .
 DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON THIS CAGE ! THE PLASTIC LATCHES WERE BROKEN AND FELL OFF THE 3RD DAY . NOW , I HAVE TO TAPE THE COVER TO THE CAGE . ALSO THE WATER BOTTLE KEPT LEAKING WATER AND WET THE 2ND LEVEL .
 I have now for years hamsters and I personally find this cage terrible . It is in my opinion way to small and all plastic . Hamsters have good teeth and can get hurt badly if they bite the plastic and swallow tiny pieces . The wheel ist way to small as well . My cage is a wire with a plastic tray . It is 100 cm long and 55 cm wide and 45 high . It came with a stand on wheels.I also put wooden houses and ramps and a wheel in . It is well ventilated and my hamsters really like it . In those closed tubes feces and mildew can grow and affect the hamsters health badly.Just think about it when you get a cage ... Would you like to be trapped in those tubes ?
 Do n't buy this cage . It looks great , but it has one disasterous design flaw , and that is the latch for the `` removable petting zone '' is totally flimsy and often does n't latch , even when you 'd think it did . That 's how Nibbles my friend 's hamster escaped earlier this evening prompting a frantic search of the main floor of my house , only to find it behind the dryer . We tied a large piece of carrot to a string and coaxed the critter out into the open where I nabbed it and put it back in the cage , with the `` petting zone '' securly taped shut . Right now the hamster is running around the family room in her exercise ball getting rid of all that energy from the excitement earlier this evening.The `` petting zone '' is actually the preferred place for this hamster to sleep . It 's actually a loft bedroom and it 's extremely easy to not latch the cover down , and then poof , your hamster is off to explore your house.So , aside from the colorful look and the neat gadgets , one critical design flaw makes this something I would never buy for myself . Four days to go , and this critter cage contraption goes back to it 's owner .
 I bought this for my two male gerbils a few months ago when we first got them . They have already chewed the exercise wheel -LRB- unusable -RRB- , one of the blue tunnels and both of the red platforms - one of them is missing a side and the blue tunnel can no longer stay attached . I will never buy another chewable cage for a gerbil again - I 'll be buying a more practical glass aquarium ASAP ... before they chew themselves free !
 Kudo 's on the concept . My son was really thrilled to see this show up on the doorstep . It was a nightmare to assemble . He tried to assemble it first , and then I was left to complete the assembly . One piece arrived broken , so we needed to contact the manufacturer . They were nice , and sent out a replacement part with no cost to me . The Gerbils really loved the product . Apparently they really love the taste of the two red `` second floor platforms '' . Woke up one day to each of them being partially eaten . It is more difficult to clean this cage than the other one that we have . We are back to using the old cage , and this one is now in the basement ... relegated to the pile of `` seemed like a good idea at the time '' purchases . It hit that pile in record time . Good luck with your experience with this item .
 This cage was way too small for my regular size hamster . He got stuck in the tubes . I had to return it and purchase another cage . Very disappointed as it was a really nice set up . It should be be labeled for dwarf hamsters only .
 There is no option for exchange . The item I ordered should have the 10oz long water bottle as the picture shown . I received the same cage , but it has the small water bottle hangs on the back of the cage . Do n't like it .
 I bought this item for our gerbils on October 13th 2012 . It looked fun with plenty of activities for them as well as being easy to clean . I also really liked the petting area at the top which made it easy for them to come greet us and for us to scoop them out . HOWEVER and it is most unfortunate . Within one week they have chewed so much of the plastic on the extra levels that they have collapsed -LRB- I took photo 's but guess you can not post them on here -RRB- so now the two level house is a single level house and thus no longer spacious or fun . Whilst I understand that gerbils do chew I was seriously expecting to get a year out of this habitat . My gerbils have plenty of other things in there to chew such as chew sticks , an edible peanut house , a daily toilet tube and tissue ... I do n't understand it . They were previously in another house with plastic parts but had barely touched it . I am concerned that this house was so easy for them to destroy and that plastic is no good for them . I would like to return it but am not sure exactly how to go about it being as technically the house was OK when it arrived and does it make it defective being as it was eaten so quickly ? I do not know.As of today our gerbils now have a nice 20g glass reptile cage . Hoping that it will last much longer .
 We have two mice , one of whom is very small -LRB- even for a mouse -RRB- and an escape artist , named JJ . We had them in a much larger modified rat cage , but had some problems with the bottom liner . When this system unexpectedly failed , we had to go with what we could get locally.Enter the Critter Trail 2 level . Because the bars are only horizontals with very few verticals , a truly determined mouse can slide right between them . The only reason we till have JJ is that every-time she gets out she goes to sit on top of the cage for a while , before climbing back in . We might as well be keeping them free range . We tried cover the inside of the wire portions with mesh , but it gets in the way of the plastic pieces snapping in . we are still brainstorming other options.We had a lot of trouble putting it togther . the top is never going to come off , because the clip broke when I tried to latch it in , and with out the clip , it kept popping open , so we had to glue it . We also had trouble attaching the tubes , but I just recommend checking and rechecking those before you put the animal in . Also jumpers can almost pop the `` petting area '' out , so we just put a small book on top to weigh it down.The water bottle is worthless , it drips constantly and gets watter all over the one shelf . Luckily it is easy to slide a traditional bottle in between the bars , or give them a dish . Or you can buy a replacement Deluxe bottle that has the traditional metal tube and ball-bearing . On the plus side , they do seem to enjoy the trails . we may have to try to find a way to incorporate them into the new habitat -LRB- I am going to end up building one , I think -RRB- . Over all , this might work for gerbils and hamsters , but is ill-equipped to handle mice , ad too small for rats . Makes you wonder what the designers were thinking .
 This cage LOOKS awesome . The gerbils enjoy it . These are the good qualities . The bad are
 We purchased one of these cages before we started raising dwarf hamsters extensively . It was difficult to clean and would come apart everywhere and have to be pieced back together every time . A couple pieces broke too soon and too easily . We did not use the water bottle - it is hard to see the water level and I am not sure they get enough water using it . It is also hard to get a hamster out to play . We quit using this cage but I did take it out to put a new hamster in one night . The hamster got out at the point where the wire curves and died at the paws of our cat . At the point of this curve the wire is too flexible and bends easily . The entire cage is too flimsey and should be better quality with stronger wire and plastic as well as better fittings . I feel this cage is too small for a Syrian and the bars are too far apart and too flexible for a dwarf . I would suggest an aquarium with a hinged lid , a Silent Spinner wheel , a dish , and a hanging water bottle which will run around $ 40 total . The kids can make other things for the hamsters with legos or disposable items with cardboard . We save all our paper towel and toilet paper tubes . As breeders we have used several types of cages - this one went into the garbage .
 I spent 2 hours trying to put this cage together . The `` instructions '' are horrible and the photos -LRB- what few there are -RRB- are gray , fuzzy , flat , and taken too far away from the object . After 2 hours I was completely exhausted and finally duct taped the whole thing together so my new little hamster at least has a place to sleep tonight . I 'll be going out tomorrow and buying him a new cage that 's easy to put together !
 This was shipped by Debnroo and I have to say their customer service is LOUSY !!!! They shipped the wrong item - it 's been two weeks and they still have not given me the option to return it AND they said the item I ordered was out of stock . Well , that is not my problem . They took my money so I should at least have the product I paid for or a refund . I highly recommend you think twice before doing business with Debnroo .
 This particular cage is an absolute pain in the diddily-butt to clean . Not to mention that the poor critters , when nervous , have no place to go except the small platform in the middle , and the rest of the cage moves when they do . It 's also not cool if you 've got more than one cage in use and little space to put them . It 's big and awkward.Please note
 Do not buy this cage for a dwarf hampster . We came home one afternoon to find our sweet little hampster expired on the bottom of the cage , with his nose stuck firmly in the mesh . We had used the cage for about eight months without incident , and the hampster seemed to enjoy it , but he got stuck somehow and could n't extricate himself.It took my poor husband some time to get him out , so we could give him a proper burial . I think the squares in the mesh are dangerous for the little animals . I do n't know if it poses a problem for the larger hampsters .
 We bought this cage for our daughter 's male hamster `` Boe '' about 4 months ago and last night he got out and more than likely impregnated at least one , but probably all , of the 4 females we have because we found him in the girl 's habitat this morning . He got out because he pushed against the top door and popped it open . He has also ran it off of the track -LRB- which is a time consuming ordeal to get back on track so it will run smoothly and not stop mid-way or rub -RRB- , dumped his food dish over the edge because the sleeping house is WAY TO SMALL for any hammy bigger than a baby by just moving around to get situated had pushed it up and out of the slot it sits in that hangs down into the sleeping area but where else is there to put the food ? And he just LOVES to crawl to the caped end of the tube and chew 'till you think your going CRAZY!Oh and lets not forget that if your Hamster is running for more than a few seconds , you 'll need to take the water bottle out of the habitat or it will soak your hammy completely by dripping down out of the little drain hole in the platform . If you do forget to take it out , you 'll also have a nice sized urine and water puddle right under the tube entrance to the top platform because when not running , there wont be anywhere else for the hammy to pee or poo but that part of the platform . ** One Great Thing ** , it 's a BIG wheel that ANY hamster can move and go fast in , just do n't expect the Lock on the back to actually Stop the wheel from turning when you just ca n't stand the sound of them running in it anymore.But other than that , it 's great ... NOT !
 i had this cage for a hamster i had over 1.5 years.i decided to get her another apartment , since she was getting bigger , and opted for the revolution.within 12 hours of it being attached to her house , she had run so fast that she did a complete 360 before flinging off the wheel and breaking her neck against the wall.epic fail .
 Save yourself and do n't buy this thing . Its too hard to keep clean and its extremely noisy . It does n't have very good stability . It takes forever to clean and I actually have to take a tooth brush to get into the little nooks and crannys . It was way overpriced for all the headaches it causes . It has a very leaky water bottle , food dish is always thrown around and the hamster hates the wheel It caught one of his claws and ripped it off . Buy a Jackeroo . So much better .
 ive tried duct tape on everything , caulking the plastic where the cage contacts it ... hampster always finds a way out ... crappy cage .
 We bought the Crittertrail 3 cage for a hamster that was bored with our usual cages . She enjoyed it quite a bit . However , she fell from the top of the cage to the bottom and injured herself . We put another hamster in the cage at a later time . She also fell from the top to the bottom of the cage . She broke her hip and suffered a lot of pain from it before she passed away the following week as an older hamster . When we took this cage along with us to the vet , she told us that the height was dangerous , a conclusion that we had already suspected . She told hamster should have a fairly low height cage because they do climb and fall . After these two hamster girls were injured we bought the Superpet My First Rat Cage and have used it ever since . It has been an excellent habitat for Syrians , with low enough height as well as larger floor space . We have now had over twenty hamsters over the years , most of whom have enjoyed the Superpet rat cage .
 Just like everyone else I bought the cage for space for my hamster.We have only had the cage for a little over a month I 'm returning it.Cleaning so it wont fall apart is impossible , I like to clean the cage every 5 days this one is so hard to keep together you have to re-build every time it 's cleaned.I found my self letting it go longer because I knew how long it was going to take . I would not buy this product unless you have a lot of extra time for hamster cage cleaning.The plastic clip on the top broke the fist day we put it together .
 Beautiful cage . I agree it 's hard to put together and clean had mine only one week and the top has a crack in it from when I was trying to take it off to clean . On the plus side I got on sale at petsmart for 26 bucks . But if it breaks I do n't think I would get the same one .
 Looks great but falls apart . Really hard to clean without it completely coming apart , and hard to get back together . Lots of little plastic bits cracked , and now it wo n't go back together at all . Do n't waste your money .
 The Crittertrail Three is a beautiful cage . It is colorful and bright and was a much prettier cage than most we saw at the pet store . HOWEVER . . it is a pain to put together , a pain to keep clean and it literally falls apart after a short period of time . We have had ours for 6 months and are already looking to buy a new one because this one has already broken . Right now I have duck tape holding the top closed so my hamster will not escape.Please , do not waste your money .
 I just finished trying to clean the cage without it coming apart in little pieces , good luck . It was hard to put together and it 's been even harder to keep it together . It 's not well designed or well made . I expected better for $ 50 . I think we will have to go back to the modified bird cage we were using before . I agree with the previous poster .
 I have had three of these and have had to return all three . They are very poorly made . The pieces of plastic break very easily and I have had my hamsters escape many a time . Do not waste your money on a critter trail cage .
 Impossible to clean , you remove the top , everything comes apart . My hamsters escaped countless times , found myself having to duct tape parts of the cage they were escaping from . Plastic breaks all over the place , more duct tape . This is a poor excuse for a cage .
 This product is hard to put together which would not be an issue except that it falls apart each time you go to clean it . It is devilish hard to keep together -LRB- we have resorted to tape -RRB- and puzzle-like to reassemble -LRB- required after each cleaning -RRB- . We have it in our bedroom and have to sleep in another room if we do not have the required 45 minutes to clean it when necessary which would be every 2 days ideally if your pets happen to be mice . I might just have to make my own cage from hardware cloth and ditch this one altogether .
 I bought CritterTrail Three after a wire in the last cage came apart . I specifically wanted a cage with wire sides so as to provide more ventilation for the hamsters . I also wanted a cage that provided lots of room for movement and an easily removable base for cleaning.I did not see a display of the CritterTrail Three in the store , so I was pleasantly surprised by its size and aesthetic appeal . It 's quite attractive and plenty of room for my two Winter White hamsters.Putting it together took a little work . The plastic is very cheap and I was hoping nothing would crack when I was assembling it . Fortunately , nothing broke.Once I got it together , I decided to test how easy to clean it really is . It 's written right on the box that the bottom comes off and it 's kid-friendly , easy to clean . Well , the bottom comes off after some tugging and pulling , and it 's difficult to put back together . Unlike other reviewers , I resolve to clean this cage in a very messy way , like I did my last cage -- take the petting area off and dump it upside down . Then , take a hose and wash it down with soap and water . I did a test drive and was n't careful , so the whole top came off , which is just as much trouble to put back on as the bottom.So now , I have imposed upon myself some rules :1 -RRB- carry it only from the base , not by holding the wire portion or anyplace else .2 -RRB- never take the base off for cleaning .3 -RRB- when cleaning , take all the platforms and accessories out and dump the whole thing upside down into the trash . Be careful to hold the lid so that it does not fall off.My last issue is with the water bottle . I ended up buying a glass water bottle to replace the one included . The water bottle is made of soft plastic . My hamsters being the type to chew everything would surely chew through this quickly . Also , the water does not dispense easily . After the initial spill of a few drops , nothing more comes out . I tap the tip lightly with my finger and still nothing . My hamsters could n't figure it out even as they were sniffing about the spout . The situation was complicated by the fact that the spout faced straight down and forced them to look straight up to drink . I left the bottle in their cage for a few hours while I went to buy a replacement . As soon as I put the replacement bottle in , they drank with a vengence . Obviously , they were n't getting water.PROS : * lots of room for the hamsters to move about * attractive * expandable * wire sides provide more ventilation than plastic cages.CONS : * brittle plastic * falls apart easily * base does not come off easily and is even more difficult to reassemble * water bottle forces hamsters to bend their necks into an awkward upward position * water bottle does not dispense water easily * water bottle is soft plastic , easy for hamsters to chew through.I do n't think I 'd buy this again . Well , maybe I would . My daughter thinks the cage is beautiful , which it is , and I do have a soft spot for her when she 's just begging for it . I just wo n't take her shopping next time . From what other reviewers say here and the cheap plastic feel and the way it 's falling apart brand spanking new , I 'm pretty sure that will be sooner rather than later.UPDATE : I have found my solution of dumping the whole thing upside down not workable , since it falls apart anyway . Still I managed to keep most of it together.One problem has surfaced after having owned it for less than two weeks , one of the horizontal wires came loose from the vertical wire . I tried to solder it back together and it is holding for now . Hope nothing else falls apart.On a positive note , the deep tray does keep the scatter down to a minimum.ANOTHER UPDATE : It has been about nine months and two of the wires have come loose . It seems they are not joined very well . For the price I would expect more out of this cage . We will have to begin a search for another cage soon .
 Received product timely . Upon opening product found weevil infestation . Put product in freezer to kill weevils . Returning product would have been a nuisance .
 Received product timely . Upon opening product found weevil infestation . Put product in freezer to kill weevils . Returning product would have been a nuisance .
 The wheel is interesting and the gerbils seemed to enjoy it however as they run it shakes some . There are several places it has to be attached just right or else ! Ours came loose , fell off the cage and my daughters Christmas surprise is now lost somewhere in our basement . VERY disapointed in this wheel !!!!
 These plants are ok but white plants are hard to keep clean and when I was cleaning them they fell apart . Sorry
 At first I was optimistic that the product would be what the title promises . However , after testing the product I was less than impressed . First , the collars allow little flexibility in training two dogs . The power setting is universal and can not be set individually for each animal . I have two litter mates that have very different pain tolerances and thus have vary different attention levels . The collar captured the attention of one dog but failed to even create a response from the other dog . Mind you I did test the collars on my own calves first and found both to be working quite well and to what seemed to me the same stimulus level . Second , the collars did not perform up to 400 yards . My wife and I tested at a max distance of only 100 yards -LRB- at best -RRB- . The collars performed sporadically at distances under 100 yards . Overall we were very disappointed by the collars . The customer service seems ok since I decided to return the collars and I was not hassled when asking for an RMA . The money has not yet been credited to me though as the transfer has to take place between Petsafe and Amazon first .
 My kitty has a problem with it and does not like being brushed with it . On the rare occasions that I have been able to get her to use it , it does make her fur softer and less tangled . It has a comfortable handle but the bristles might be too rough for her . Next time I would buy something she is more comfortable with .
 I really liked this brush at first , and so did my 3 cats . But the bristles sink into the brushhead and you have to pull them back out . This has gotten worse in the month or so since I 've had the brush , and it 's really annoying . You literally must pull each bristle back out in order to use the item . I finally just threw it out .
 Do n't bother . These things dont stay on , are stiff , and are a pain to even try to put on .
 Absolute junk . Avoid at all costs and invest in a quality air pump and airstones . Also the company Hydor is the worst when it comes to customer service . As I said , crap in a box which is where both of mine went , the circular file .
 These boots are a waste of money . They would n't stay on the dogs feet . They were ordered for correct size as specified but they just will not stay on the dog 's feet . They fall off within 1 minute .
 I got the XS size and it is still too big for my dog -LRB- a yorkie -RRB- . The worst part is , the seller does not allow returns .
 I do n't like how they fit on the dog , they are not form fitting , they are loose and make it hard for him to walk .
 I suspect that whomever designed these dog boots did so solely with marketing in mind -LRB- catchy product , quick money -RRB- and with no regard for offering a quality product . Moreover , the picture of these boots is very misleading
 These boots are very stiff and our dog would not move when wearing these . It is very hard to put them on , as they stretch very little , and it was complete waste of money .
 These boots where destroyed within about 4-5 days of regular use . your probably better off buying a better quality product .
 Unless your dog has no claws , expect for the ends to tear . Also the plastic bracket used to tighten the boots broke . I really was hoping that these boots would last but sadly they did n't . Within two weeks of having the boots they began to tear and the Velcro started to fray .
 I was disappointed this time with the booties . I have used these booties for several years and I was always satisfied with their durability but when I received my order this time I discovered that you had changed the leather to plastic on the bottom of the bootie which destroys their usefulness very quickly . I will need to look for a more durable product . This is very disappointing !!!!!
 I received these as a gift for my 80 lbs Bouvier , who has had Muttluks prior and never worn them out , but were misplaced in a move . Really glad I did not spend money on these because , literally , they are worn through within one week of them being out of the package brand new ! We live in the loop in Chicago where there are a lot of chemicals and salt on the streets and these booties have fallen completely apart . They are also a real pain to get on a long haired dog with the ribbed tops . Would not buy a replacement set from this company .
 Unfortunately my dog would not wear them so I ca n't rate them very honestly . They did how ever look well made .
 uglyiest things ever . they dont stay on for even 5 min unless u want to cut ur dogs blood supply ! LOL waste of money in my opinion .
 It 's been over 4 weeks now , and honestly I do n't see too much . A little less stiffness after Frisbee play , but I had more hope than that for this price . You also have to mix it all in with food and my dog is pushing 95lbs so it 's quite a few pills . I will not buy again . I could only imagine the yearly cost of this product considering I have two GSDs . Trust me , there are better products that cost much less and actually work , sometimes within days , not 6 weeks !!!! Yikes . Imagine the time 6 weeks for a dog 's life is . I 'm happy for all that have had it do amazing things , but not for us . Will not purchase again .
 I usually buy the Cosequin DS that you can just put in the dog food . I did n't look at this close enough when I ordered it -LRB- totally my fault -RRB- , but this product you have to break open the pills and sprinkle the Cosquin over it . Which is not a big deal in itself , but just adds more more time to the mixing and stirring and pouring that we already do with the dog food . That being said , I have no problem with the product itself - it works well . I just prefer the other ones .
 While I have no one to blame except myself , I did n't realize that these are capsules -LRB- as opposed to tablets -RRB- . I 've been giving my dog the tablets for 4 years now and they do work , but trying to give him a capsule -LRB- like they give to humans -RRB- my dog says ` NO WAY JOSE '' Why would they even make these as capsules is beyond me ... And because I opened the container ... I 'm stuck .
 My cat loves this toy but its been 30 days and i still have not received it and so amazon cancelled my order . I am very upset with this company -LRB- not amazon -RRB- for never making contact or sending me this order .
 My two kittens loved this toy , and played with it constantly for about two weeks . Then the plastic piece that attaches to the door connector snapped . No way to repair it , sadly . If only someone would make a cat bungee with some staying power !
 Just so you know ... the picture shown with this item is not what was sent . This cataction thing I got is supposed to go over your door . Unfortunately , the plastic is too thick and the door wo n't shut after you put it up . I was slighltly concerned after seeing this that one of my feline friends might grab the mouse , pull , and subsequently bash him/herself in the head with an unsecured door ! Fortunately , the mouse fell off after one day so I did n't have to worry about it . : -LRB-
 This product was the worst purchase of my life ! The design is full of flaws , the quality is poor , and the service is terrible.Let 's start with the primary feature ... The Infra-red locking system . The transmitter and detector worked only intermittently , so that it was confusing to my dog -LRB- and me -RRB- about when she would be allowed access through the door.On the odd occasion that the transmitter did work correctly , most of the time one of the locking pins would stay recessed . I had to keep a screwdriver handy with tape on the end of it just to dig it out and hope that it worked correctly the next time . Mind you , these security pins are plastic and only protrude about an inch into the door , which actually does n't offer much security after all . In any event , after a few times of my dog getting abruptly stopped in her tracks by a door that would not open , I had to remove the batteries and keep the door in the always unlocked position , defeating the purpose of getting a `` controllable '' entry door.Also , there are a number of large air gaps between the door frame and the flap . I live in the Northeast where I 'd much rather prefer to have the winter air on the outside of our house , not streaming into it . And because the flap is rigid plastic , and the magnets that hold it shut are less powerful than those on my refrigerator , any light wind will open it . While a nice breeze during summer while you 're reading never hurt anyone , the fresh chill of winter on my face was none too pleasant . To add to my grief , whenever it rained , there would be a puddle on the floor inside my house from all of the rainwater leaking in through the gaps in the door.In addition , the plastic locking cover that Staywell provides you with is the most brittle thing I have ever seen . The first time that the temperature went below 40 degrees F , the tabs on it snapped off and rendered it useless.Staywell must have also used the same brittle plastic on the four-way entry knobs . Within two months , both handles had snapped off , relegating me to using pliers to turn the cams . I now had to keep a toolbox next to the door.I had called Staywell shortly after installing the door to find out if they had any suggestions ... they told me to call the vendor I bought it from since it was within 30 days of purchase . When I finally got a hold of the vendor , they told me to contact Staywell because it seemed like a manufacturing defect -LRB- no kidding -RRB- . By the time I was able to get a hold of Staywell again , the 30-day warranty had elapsed -LRB- how convenient -RRB- , and that I would be eligible to have it replaced if I chose . Since I want nothing more to do with this product , I have bought a different style of door and can only cut my losses and try to help others from making the same mistake I have made . This door is not cheap , so you can save a lot of money and frustration by looking elsewhere for a door for your dog . This was not even close to the performance that I had hoped to get from this door .
 I have had many similar problems with this product as the previous reviewer had as well as some of my own . I will say that I received great customer service from Staywell , they even sent me a brand new door when I read off the list of broken parts to them . Within six months those same parts failed on the new door . This door even when brand new works intermittently , and makes such a loud slapping bang noise that it will scare the heck out of you for the first few days . In the long run the noise is just an annoyance . Hyper dog , in , out , in , out...bang-bang-bang , bang-bang-bang . You get the idea.Weather stripping helped the noise , but it made the cold air leak in even worse , and the locks would n't line up properly . There are serious design and manufacturing issues , including the key that is attached to your pet 's collar , the housing is a poorly designed piece of molded plastic that will not keep the battery and cap in place . I 've gone through three of these , -LRB- one of which was graciously sent to me free of charge by Staywell -RRB- . The new one eventually came apart despite taping it in place . Even if it was working properly , the door itself has so many issues -LRB- as mentioned in the above review -RRB- that it is not in my opinion worth the money.I think the concept of this product is brilliant , the manufacturing however makes it fall far short of it 's potential.I 've gone to a deluxe double flap old fashioned dog door.Save your money , go low-tech .
 Ok , after the 225.00 spent on this ALL PLASTIC door , and the 300.00 spent carving the glass out of our french door in the back to install it , our dog wo n't even use it ! It makes such a loud noise when it slams , it freaks him out . After trying several days -LRB- which has now turned into weeks -RRB- to train him to use it , he just pushes his paw against the door , lets it slam , which scares him , and then starts crying . Believe me , after the cost of this door , and the price to install it I feel like crying along with him . To top it off , the `` infra red '' key collar is a piece of $ # @ & ! I 've gone through three of these things at 25.00 a pop , and when the last one broke , I decided to forget it . -LRB- The keys honestly look and feel like you could by them 2 for 1 at the dollar store . -RRB- I have finally decided that I 'm going to have to get a different door . I just hope this one has n't scared our dog so much , he 'll never use one again ! A piece of advice to you , do n't buy this door . Buy something else .
 It never works for my dogs who have the collar infa-red controllers , but my cat gets out twice a day with out one !!! DO NOT BUY THIS !!!! It is a total waste of money and it will give you nothing but frustration !!!
 I was so excited to find a door that would give my dogs access to come in and out , while keeping my cat in . After spending a bundle , and having to pay a handy-man to cut a hole in the side of my house , it was incredibly disappointing when the A/C apaptor did not function . The door did run -LRB- intermittendly -RRB- on batteries while I waited for a replacement adaptor ; however , it took less than two days for the cat to learn to walk through the door on the heels of the dogs , completely defeating the purpose of why I bought this product.In addition , everytime the dogs even walked into the room the door would beep , and the batteries were dead in about ten days . Despite the beeping , the door did not always unlock , and the dogs became timid to use it after they slammed face first into it a few times ! I also worried about them being stuck outside in the summer heat if they were unable to get back in.Staywell was extremely polite and sent a replacement adaptor , but after replacing the adaptor , and also the wiring , the door will still not work - my guess at this point is that there is a problem with the board . I 've contacted Staywell again to see about a replacement door and am waiting for an answer.Do NOT buy this product if your goal is to keep another animal in , as long as that animal is comfy with the dogs , they will walk right through as well .
 I 've actually used this door for about a year and a half now . I hate it , but I 'm not about to run out and buy a different expensive one.When I set it to `` lock , '' the dogs can still plow right through it , and I am afraid they will break it , because the plastic IS very cheap , so I do n't use the locking feature . I also do n't use the infrared feature because it did n't seem to work very well , and the whirring and clicking freaked one of my dogs out.But the most annoying this is how amazingly loud it is . When I am working in the next room , I actually cover my ears when my two dogs go in or out , and if they are having an in-out-in-out kind of day , I just want to tear my hair out.And even though a normal rainstorm does n't make it leak , a driving rain does cause water to flow in . And yes , cold air pours in in the wintertime , despite the weatherstripping I 've added.I have n't complained to PetSafe . I just figure that I will choose more wisely when I get around to reconfiguring my kitchen and adding a dog-door in the new door there.It 's a functional , low-quality dog door that markets well because of its long feature list . The problem is that none of the features works particularly well .
 All I have to say is this stuff stinks . It has a baby powder smell that is over bearing and gets into your sinuses . If you are looking for a fresh clean smelling spray , stay away from this stuff .
 FDA inspection Failed so the manufacturer was forced to stop production . It 's not safe to feed to your pets . I ordered the same thing , just different shape - soft chews instead - but was only informed after the sale why it was discontinued .
 The fit is n't ideal as our sliding door is wider than the pet door so the locks could n't align . When I called customer service hoping they 'd have some spacers for what should be a common issue for them , they told me to use a stick in the patio door for security instead . Additionally , the weather stripping for the door just fell off from it 's own weight , leaving the glue goop all over the sliding glass door in addition to the wind gushing in through the gaping gap . They are sending new weather stripping so I hope that proves better . Nice company service , but you 'd think all these tweaks would be figured out by now . Nonetheless , we have jerry-rigged the doggie door and it offers great luxury for us . Overall a plus , just more frustrating to make work in the beginning .
 This did not work on my little mini pin . Had to end taking him to the vet to get meds to help him which was mirlax .
 Doing the saturate thing on a 12-hour-old pet stain only spread the stain -LRB- color -RRB- instead of removing it . The odor seems gone , or nearly so . So , this is a mixed review . I do n't think I 'll use it again in any case .
 I saw that amazon had gave this a 5 star test and no way is it worth buying . It never changed the odor in my kids bedroom floor .
 After twice treating a 6 square foot spot with a combined 6 bottles of this product , the smell remained and was just as bad as ever . I followed the directions to the letter and , while initially the smell was covered , as the area dried the smell resurfaced . I eventually had to replace the affected area with a patched in piece of carpet . Had I known how useless this product was , I would have saved myself 3 days of having the room in a shambles and over $ 30 dollars .
 I have used 4 bottles of this product , followed instructions and completely saturated the affected areas , and the odor is still there . I want to add that This is carpet that is only 7 mo 's old and The urine odor is from a 14 month old puppy , who is now house trained .
 We tried the product to remove cat urine odor on furniture . We followed directions and actually applied the product twice . Waited days . There was virtually no improvement in the smell . Total failure .
 We have a golden retriever puppy and tried this when we were housebreaking him . We 'd been using just a regular carpet stain cleaner but we were still smelling a urine odor , so after seeing the reviews for this I decided to give it a try since most people rated it so high . I went thru 3 bottles of it right away . The bottle does n't have a spray nozzle , you have to pull up the lid and squirt it like you do with dish soap , so you really ca n't even just use a little bit . The directions say for best results to saturate the area to get down to the pad , so that 's what I did . On some of the larger areas I used at least 1/4 of the bottle or more , and that caused a new problem , I was left with unsightly large spill type stains where there had n't been a stain before , it just had an odor ! Plus it did n't do a very good job of removing the odors , it may have helped tame them down , but there is still a urine odor , plus now I have these awful looking spill stains ! I did try our usual carpet spray cleaner on these spill stains , but it did n't really help much . We 're going to try steam cleaning next , and I definitely wo n't be buying anymore of this Kids & Pets Stain Remover !! It might work better for small dog 's stains or fresh messes , but not for the old stains from our big dog .
 I used the whole bottle on an area of the carpet that smelled really badly of urine ... kids urine . The former tenants apparently locked the kids in the room , so I guess they peed on the carpet.the thing is that the odor was not so bad , we had the carpet cleaned professionally with enzymes , then I cleaned it with a carpet cleaner so the odor was very fain , but I could still smell it when it was warmer and more humid in the room . So I bought this product to get rid of it completely ... well , now the odor is back , it sticks of urine in the room . I do not know how that can be possible!I treated the area first , let it air dry , and the result was bad . So I soaked it up with the remaining solution in the bottle . It took 2 days to dry.it stinks.I wish I did not used this product . I also tried it out on the laundry for transpiration odor , it is also ineffective .
 I purchased this product at Wal-Mart to use on a half dozen already scrubbed dog urine spots on my carpet . There was still a faint urine smell lingering and it was bothering me . I used this product liberally on all of the spots and I think it is actually worse now because all soaking it did was bring the urine that was in the carpet pad to the surface . It did not help at all with the smell . I suspect that this company has been posting fake reviews of this product .
 I bought Kids 'n' Pets cleaner after my 2-year-old threw up all over our carpet , leaving dark-brown stains and terrible odors . I ended using the entire 32-ounce bottle - and nothing happened . None of the stain was removed , and the odor remained . The next day I got a small spray bottle of Oxy Clean - which almost completely took out the stain . The odor remains , however ... Read Consumer Reports about carpet cleaners ; it says most are worthless ... Peter EriksonHonolulu
 This stuff does not work . I bought it based on the Amazon.com review . I tried it on pee and vomit from my dog . It did not get out the yellow of the vomit nor did it get out the pee smell . Total waste of money . Water worked better .
 I have a new puppy that has pee accidents on the carpet . Before this I was using every type of cleaner & nothing worked at getting the smell out . I shampooed carpets twice & still had urine smell . I bought this hopeing it would work , but it did n't . It works great as a cleaner & stain remover but does n't work at removing urine smells . I drenched the carpet spots where she has her accidents let it sit then filled my shampooer with this , hot water & another cleaner . And still have a urine smell on my carpet . ** update ** I 'm now noticing that this is staining my carpet . Not immediately but over a period of time the spot it 's used on will look like it 's stained or been lightly bleached ! I highly Reccomend doing a spot test 2 weeks before using . *** update *** After using this for 2 month or so I do n't like it ! It does get the smell out IF used immediately on fresh pee spots . BUT it stains carpet . Also I used a black light on my carpet & EVERY spot I 've used this on glowed bright under the black light . I want to like it but honestly it is just like every other product .
 Received product and the lebel did not match the actual image lebel -LRB- online -RRB- , can not verify the authetic PrettPets tortoise food.the actual label on the bag was a sticker of a 3 LBS BAG PrettyPets tortoise food with a small sticker `` Net weight 20 lbs ... -RRB- tape over the3 lbs .
 . . fodder . They take unknown horses , make an inaccurate model of it , slap it on a shelf with a high price . Durable , but crudely sculpted and w \ o tone . Also in this scary trend of cheesy `` lookalikes '' are Secretariat , a lesson pony , and dressage horses . They all look like regular horses with names slapped on them . The exceptions are the Seabiscuit and movie-based horses . P.S. -- fix the ADULT FORM ! I 'm 15 and it does n't work .
 Had to bend back into alinement when it arrived . Worked great for about two days and then started to produce the worst squeaking I have ever heard , worse then nails on a chalkboard . I put some olive oil on the problem spot and that worked for another two days but then the noise returned ! I would recommend spending the extra green and get a nice wheel .
 The holes on the wheel are very dangerous for your little pet as its leg can get caught on it . My hamster broke its leg on it and died several weeks later .
 I normally purchase a different product , sold in my area only at a superstore . Yesterday , in attempt to avoid the drive and hassle of said superstore , I purchased `` urine gone ! '' from my local national-chain drug store . The product was completely ineffective on urine stains on my terrazzo floors . The product I normally use removes all traces of stains within seconds . As the `` urine gone ! '' product states it has a 30 day money back guarantee , I contacted customer service and was told I could not receive a refund because I purchased the product at a store . The store , of course , states I can not receive a refund because the manufacturer offers a refund . In my conversation with the customer service rep. I stated I wished to be sure I was accurately quoting her so that when I placed my review on the Internet it would factual . She responded , `` You ca n't review our product on the Internet ! '' . - Sorry , just did .
 The product does n't work . As directed we saturated the carpet and let it dry . The strong scent did cover the scent . It has been a week and the chemical is fading and the urine smell is back . As for a garuntee this is accurate
 Ordered the gallon bottle from this company and received two of the smaller bottles . Could get the bottles cheaper locally . The product itself is rated the same as any other product that proproses to do the same thing .
 I purchased this item due to having a cat that was tempermental and liked to pee on anything that was on the floor . Living in an apartment and being faced with having to pay for the cost of repairing the carpet yet again , I thought I would try out `` Urine Gone '' . Big mistake . Complete waste of money . After treating everything that came up under the black light -LRB- some stains were treated upwards of 3 + times to make sure they were removed -RRB- , we lifted the carpet to inspect the pad . Urine still remained in the pad , untouched by the Urine Gone . I will NEVER use the product again and do not recommend wasting any money on it .
 On 9/28/2010 , I sprayed Urine Gone on an area in my laminate-floored hallway where one of my pups had an accident . I left it to dry for several hours . Later that evening , I fell at that spot and broke my tib and fib in my left leg and spent the next 36 days in the hospital -LRB- and rehab -RRB- . I am now home in bed for further rehabilitation . I sill can not put weight on my left leg for another six weeks.Please , please , please ... warn against spraying it on laminate flooring . Urine Gone does NOT dry ... it becomes an oil sheen . The instructions are not clear on this at all .
 Product does not do what it says . Do not purchase if you are looking to cut back on urinating . Product does the complete opposite . I 'm still urinating daily and I even find myself throwing up from time to time .
 I purchased this product on 2/1/10 and needed it to clean a home I just bought , but still have n't received the product as of 3/5/10 although they charged my card immediately ! After emailing the company , they say it has been shipped . Do n't buy from this vendor !!!
 This stuff made the stain WORSE !!!! I followed the directions exactly and now the stain is MORE apparent !!!! I would never recommend this to anyone !!!!!!!!!!
 This product does not work at all . Yes the black light was the only thing worth buying to see other stains on dark carpet . But applying the solution three times back to back it didnt do not a thing but get me upset after waiting to air dry . I am glad I bought this product at under market value in a department store for only $ 8 . . although I should have stuck to my guns of never believing SEEN AS ON TV !! ERRR
 We rented a house and noticed there was dog urine all over the carpet when we moved in . I tried this stuff on several areas , and it did n't seem to do anything . 48oz might seem like a lot , but it goes really fast . You are better off just using distilled white vinegar . $ 2.50 per gallon from you local grocery store .
 Save your money and time . Your better off using Windex or soap and water . Whatever you read about this product is untrue and should not be sold . Urine gone should is a scam . Not only did I try it , I gave the bottle to two friends with dogs and their results were the same . This product is supposed to deter you pets from urinating on places where you do n't want them to urinate . I feel it attracts them to the same spot . If you read a good response from this product , it 's probably from a person associated with Urine Gone .
 Within MINUTES our lab puppy ripped the boot off of the leather strap and there were bits and pieces of the leather strap everywhere . I can not recommend this product .
 I thought this would be a great pull and tug toy for my dog . It lasted 35 minutes then he bit right trough the braided leather rope ! He 's a 1 year old Australian shepherd not a bulldog so I ca n't recommend it .
 Within 1 hour of giving my 9 week old puppy this toy she had shredded it and swallowed the small leather strips . She is currently throwing them up !
 My little Bichon , Charlie , confuses chew toy , for rip apart toy . I thought this would be good based on the one Plush Puppie crab we have that has survived , and the reviews . But , Charlie ripped on the legs , and got to the inner plastic of the `` body '' of this in less than 3 minutes : -LRB- The alligator by Plush Puppies is holding up much better .
 My 22 pound dog had the stuffing out of the head after an hour of play . Not for chewers as advertised .
 I have an English Cocker Spaniel that just loves to chew . She especially loves stuffed toys , BUT she has become an expert at destruction . I thought this toy would last at least a day or two . She got the leg off in about 30min and is working away on pulling the velcro off . All in all if you have a super chewer , forget this toy . More money down the drain ! Back to the NylaBone ... which she really does n't like , but will sometimes gnaw on if nothing else is available .
 My 35 lb . springer spaniel mix is a brutally aggressive chewer . She slaughtered this lamb in ten minutes or so . I bought this toy based on the strong reviews as a last attempt to see if a soft toy could stand up to my dog . This toy faired no better than any other stuffed toys I have purchased .
 My dog really liked this toy . However within 24 hours it had a hole in it and the tongue ripped off . My dog is fairly small and was more interested in playing catch than chewing it . I had high hopes since it comes with a replacement squeaker , I thought it would last a while . Other stuffed toys have lasted a lot longer .
 `` WIll not last '' . This has not lasted more than an hour with our dog . Too flimsy . Surprised as a similar product I had brought earlier -LRB- Kong Dr. Noys Material Dog Toy , Squirrel -RRB- lasted a while .
 If I would give this to a dog it would have to be a Tea Cup dog ... even then I 'd be very cautious !
 The description says its 7 '' from end to end , well not by my tape measure , if I really pull on it I can get it to 6 '' . This looks like a beaver not a squirrel and it more of a cat toy . My 11 week old puppy has played with it a bit , but likes his bigger , longer toys . The price of this should be $ 1.00 not $ 4.50 . It reminds me of a brown tiny mouse , UGH !!
 It was so tiny and it does not look like the photo . It is about the size of a small mouse.Don ' t buy it if you are looking for something for even a medium size dog . It is more like a cat toy .
 Okaye , this toy arrived in a little padded envelope . It was tiny . It does not look like the photo . It is about the size of a mouse , only it 's empty except for the squeaker . I put both squeakers in to make it fill out and squeak more easily ... . it 's tiny ! It is good for a small dog puppy , not a larger breed puppy , unless it wants to play with something the size of a mouse . My dog gets very excited about toys but this was quickly abandonned after a little over 5 minutes . She 's 13 lbs . I 'm not crazy about the velcro and how you can take the squeakers out , that 's something I believe some dogs can easily figure out .
 My Australian Shepherd chewed out the squeaker pouch less than two hours after getting this toy . The belly of the dog now has a large hole . I was expecting something much more durable for the price and after reading the other reviews . I would n't recommend buying this if you have a large dog .
 It lasted about five minutes . I 'd say it was a complete waste of money . Oh well , such is life . Peace .
 In the piicture the item looked a lot larger than the item that was delivered . The toy was only 2 1/2 inches long , hardly worth it .
 I bought the Kong stuffed lamb a week ago for my dog after reading positive reviews and claims that it was durable and worth buying . I gave it to my 17 lb corgi-jack Russell mix who had it destroyed within 30 minutes . She pulled the squeaker out of the `` secure '' pouch and it had to be taken away from her . There is no point to the extra squeaker since the toy is destroyed . The toy may have `` less stuffing '' than most but still enough to be pulled all over the room . She tore the limbs and ears off easily . I know my little dog is rough on toys , but this one was no better than the cheap toys at the grocery store . I do not recommend this toy if you have a dog that chews and pulls . I am sadly giving up on soft toys since I have not yet found one to survive a single full day .
 1 . This item is the size of a field mouse2 . My Beagle had it ripped apart in less then 5 minutes .
 I would not have been so upset if this had not been listed as a toy for aggressive chewers . We buy a lot of dog toys and this was the worse .
 This was fun for the pooch while it lasted ... maybe 10 minutes . The squeeker only made it 5 . But , my dog sure thought it was fun !
 I bought this for my baby lab puppy and mercy , he only used it the first week we brought him home . It is super small and he quickly fished out the squeaky on the inside . I ended up giving this to a friend with a cairn terrier puppy - probably a much better fit ! This is smaller than the palm of my hand !!!
 Maybe it was my own fault for ordering this -- but my 28lb beagle destroyed this toy in about 35 seconds . Itsy bitsy , about the size of the squeaker inside of it . Seemed more like a cat toy to me .
 My dog loves squeeky toys . When I saw that Kong made a squeeky product , I decided to give it a try . This is a small dachshund , mind you , not a huge dog , or even medium . Within three minutes -LRB- we timed her -RRB- she had broken the squeeky inside . I replaced it and again , and this time she was able to get into the plushie and destroy the squeeky . Now , she has a husk of a toy . If your dog is a hard chewer , this is not the toy for it . I just wish the description would have stated this .
 I know they listed that it was small , but this is ridiculously small.It 's more like a small toy for cats . They really should put somethingnext to it to show the true size .
 TINY , looks like a hamster with a beaver tail . My dog seems to like it but definitely not worth $ 5 . . more like $ .50
 Purchased this toy for my small dog . Within 5 min . he had managed to destroy the squeaker . Thinking this might have been a defective squeaker , I replaced it with the extra one that came with the toy . He destroyed that one also in less than 5 min . The squeakers must be very cheaply made . Very disappointing purchase ! Will not purchase another KONG toy with squeaker . Do n't waste your money on this toy .
 I purchased this toy because I was so pleased with the medium frog and medium bear in the same line . This product is 6 '' long from nose to tail -LRB- not 7 '' -RRB- , contains 1 replacement squeaker -LRB- not 4 -RRB- , and does not have the inner fleece pouch listed in the description . The medium sized toys had the inner fleece pouch , which is wonderful . My next step is to try and return this item . I highly recommend the medium sized frog and bear , but do not like the small size at all .
 Would have been a perfect toy in the largest size . Would not recommend the small one for any dog except perhaps a toy-breed baby . It 's just too small for safe play .
 The info dose not capture how small it is . Purchased for a golded retriever and he will proabably swallow it !!!!!
 i ordered 4 of these for about to be new born puppies and 2 out of the 4 had broken squeakers . . i understand they 're cheap which is fine but should n't sell broken items
 This toy is seriously the size of a field mouse like a previous poster said . Not worth 1.00 ... Very disappointed . I should have assumed the price was too good . We will see what my dogs do with it at Christmas .
 I think the toy is fine , just a warning to read the dimensions . The small size is appropriate for a cat .
 I bought this for my Cairn terrier for a stocking stuffer for christmas , it just showed up and I am shocked at its size . This toy is smaller then cat toys I have purchased ! I am almost afraid to give it to her in fear or her swallowing it because it is that small . I would have expected this from the extra small size but not the small , but thats what I get for not reading the detail product dimensions . All in all , this toy is worth maybe $ 0.25 at best ! It states that this is for dogs between 10-25 pounds , I would say it is for 10lbs and under and even that is pushing it .
 I got this thinking small was small , but I had no idea this would be TINY . I have seen mice -LRB- live -RRB- larger than this thing . I 'm afraid to let my dog play with it , afraid she 'll get it stuck in her throat.When they say small , they mean miniature , microscopic , it 's about 1 1/2 inches long ... maybe 2 , and is just waiting to be swallowed.I 'm sorry , but unless you have a dog the size of a guinea pig , do n't waste your time .
 VERY small item . Much smaller than other &#34; small &#34; sized Kong products I have purchased . My dogs are 12 and 14 pounds and I consider it a choking hazard . Save your money .
 Way too small for any dog that is bigger than the average cat . I gave it away to someone else since it was n't worth shipping back .
 We bought this trimmer with the intention of doing some light touching up around our labradoodle 's face . We could n't get this to cut through her facial hair at all . Perhaps it would work well on a dog whose hair is n't as curly and thick . After reading reviews we are going to pay the extra money and get an Oster A5 clipper .
 I purchased this unit through a dog catalog . I loved the idea of having the option of both cordless or corded , but mainly wanted the freedom for cordless trimming , so I could make the mess outdoors . The trimmer fits nicely in the hand . Although I am able to trim my Affenpinscher 's face and ear area to some extent , it does n't quite get through some of her thick fur . I also attempted to trim my Norfolk Terrier 's coat as well , but it wound up VERY uneven . I wound up resorting to scissors , which defeats the purpose of why I bought the trimmer in the first place.If you want a trimmer that basically is for a quick touch-up , this would be for you . The battery died quickly on me . I would say I did n't get more than 15 minutes of trimming time . I guess I 'll have to revert back to my old corded trimmer.I highly recommend the Oster name . The brand has always been a reliable one .
 Even though we tried to keep it away from her , my beagle puppy chewed up the cord pretty fast . So we got the 3-8 as a replacement , and the all-belt design has held up much better .
 When I first bought this leash , I could n't have been happier . My dog could run all over and the leash would never get caught in her legs . I could let her have 5 feet or 25 feet . It 's like she was n't even on a leash . That all changed in the second week when the cord stopped retracting . Now I have 20 feet of cord laying on the ground and getting caught between her legs.Do yourself a favor and find another brand .
 I gave my wire hair terrier the `` Man Best Friend '' , came back 5 to 6 minutes later with my coat on to go outside and play , and he had the stuffing out of it already . Threw away . Only for throwing and retreiving and then take away from dog immediately . Not worth it .
 My grandparents used garlic tablets for years with wonderful results on their pets . I was hoping for the same . I have been using this product on our cats and dogs for over a month now . The cats do seem to be flea-free but the dogs are not . I was really hoping that it would work . At least their coats are shinier . Plus it is really easy to give it to them . They come running and think it is a treat !
 No problems with the seller at all . The product arrived in a timely manner and as advertised.I purchased the product based on the reviews of the product . It did not work for my pet the same way as reviewed by other users . It might have helped with the coat , but it did not do anything at all for fleas -LRB- and that was the main reason I purchased it -RRB- . My dog loves those tablets though .
 Our dog 's coat was more shiny , but these had no affect on her fleas . We gave her a higher dose than the package even recommends and they had zero effect . We ended up having to resort to chemicals once again to get rid of them .
 First and foremost , before trying anything new on your pet , make sure you talk to your vet . Brewers yeast and garlic have been known to help repel fleas , but yeast can also worsen an existing yeast infection , which might be why you pet is itching in the first place . Garlic can be toxic to pets , but unfortunately they do n't know how much . The ASPCA says an occasional amount in a treat is generally safe , but do n't give it to them all the time.I wish I would 've known about this before buying this product and giving it to my pup for several weeks before his symptoms just got worse . Expensive vet bills aside , my baby is doing much better.It 's careless for this company to create a product like this with garlic and not tell you that it has the potential to be toxic . Brewer 's yeast can be good for their skin and coat , but if they 're already suffering from any kind of allergy or infection , it has the potential to exacerbate it.If your dog has a weird odor and itching skin , feet or eats , it 's likely a yeast infection and he needs to see his vet . If your dog has a flea problem , you need to treat your yard , your house and your pet.Be a wise consumer and Google brewers yeast , yeast infections and garlic toxicity before deciding to buy this , you might be thankful that you did .
 gives no idea of HOW MANY tablets - how strong - wo n't buy something without this kind of information ... will keep looking !
 One of my dogs certainly like this little tab . It has not , however , solve our flea problems.I have two terriers . One which has skin problems and I had hoped Brewers Yeast would help him out . Oddly , his tablet has to be mixed into his wet food.Flea control still has to be used . The bottle is still almost full . So I will continue to use it for their coats . But I would not recommend as flea control
 dog still itches like crazy and has fleas . Not sure if she is getting new ones but either way she is the same . and has visible fleas . She does like the taste though .
 I 've only been giving my poodle mix -LRB- 15 lbs . -RRB- these capsules for like two weeks now but I 'm already considering stopping them . They have n't really done much to help the fleas and I think they might be harming him because he 's been drinking too much water . On account of all the water he drinks he has to go pee A LOT and wakes me up in the middle of the night . I 'm worried that the pills might be affecting his kidneys so I think I 'm going to stop giving them to him . That 's too bad because I was really excited to give these to my pet since the reviews are really good . Although I did see some possitve changes in him it has n't been enough to outdo the possible negative consequences . I also read that brewers yeast can cause bloating so I 'm not sure this is such a good idea after all . Has anybody else experienced this ?
 I ordered this due the pictured items all being Four Paws brand tablets and the description saying they where `` by Four Paws '' . Today I opened the package and found a few pamphlets and flyers from 1-800-PetMeds , which I did not mind , and a dog biscuit which my dog seemed to enjoy , but not Four Paws Brewers Yeast Tablets . Instead I found NaturVet Brewers Yeast Tablets , of the same count as least , but a different ingredient list and feeding instructions reading 2 tablets per 10 pounds of body weight , whereas the Four Paws bottle I still have from my last time buying them says 1 tablet per 10 pounds . So I have something I did n't order substituted ? without asking me that will last half the time .
 2 weeks of feeding my dog with this product and there are still fleas . Apparently fleas do n't mind garlic at all . Dog seems to enjoy it , fur does become softer . Shedding control and flea repellent do not work at all . I had to use Frontline Spray instead .
 Like many who want to stop putting poison on their dogs I wanted to try this product . It worked well for fleas not great for ticks BUT I discovered something really frighting in my research . According the ASPCA Garlic is very bad for dogs and shreds red blodd cells . Too bad I really liked this product.I am going to switch to Arc Neem Protectant spray . Good for fleas but not highly rated for ticks although it may discourage second bites . I 'm gon na buy a small bottle and see how the dogs tolerate it . I know staight undiluted neem oil is too harsh on animals which is why I will try their product .
 ive been using this product for the past month or so . i have 2 dogs and a cat . it does nothing for flea control . infact , in seems like they have more fleas now than before . i think the fleas love the garlic ! the dogs love the taste of the chewable tabs . the dogs breath smells like garlic . i 'll continue to use the product cause the dogs love the `` treat '' so much . but wont buy it again for flea control .
 I order this product hoping to help my dog with his bad odor and hair falling , well is has been about two months already and dont see any difference , he is very stinky , hair falls everywhere and also got a big rash so i dont recommend it at all
 This product does NOT decrease nor repell fleas . Also , as per my vet - garlic is not recommended for dogs . I have discontinued the product and trashed the rest .
 I 'm pretty bummed because this ended up being a total waste for me , because my dogs both hate them . One of my dogs is a small 10 pounder , so sneaking a big pill like these past him is impossible without holding him down and shoving it down his throat .
 Garlic has been proven to cause Heinz Body Hemolytic Anemia in dogs and cats . Garlic in any shape or form does this . There has been no fatal dose determined and no safe dose either . If some one tells you that a certain amount is safe , then they are lying because no amount has been determined as safe and each animal tolerates it differently . Even if your dog or cat does n't succumb from garlic , it makes no sense to purposely inflict any amount of anemia on them.If you give your cat or dog garlic , you are putting your pet into unnecessary danger and playing with their life.There have been documented cases of even healthy , large dogs dying from a small , one time dose of garlic.There are far safer parasite preventatives than toxic garlic .
 Well , maybe I should n't be writing this as I have n't used this , but dogs are NEVER suppose to have garlic . My ex decided that garlic would prevent flea 's , ticks , heartworms , etc & killed our dog . Garlic is a big no , no .
 I 'm about halfway through the tube right now and my cat 's colitis is worse than ever . His diarrhea is now completely watery . Had such hopes for it according to the reviews here ! I think it may be due to the soy that 's in the ingredients . Soy is a known irritant , especially for cats who would n't ever eat it in the wild . Plus unless it 's certified organic , almost 100 % of the soy in America is genetically modified . It really , truly is not the `` health food '' that many people believe it to be . IMHO , take the soy out of the product , and I think it may have worked . I beleive I 've given it a fair chance to `` kick-in '' , but I wo n't dare to continue it much longer given how much worse his condition has become.On the good side - he absolutely LOVES the taste of it !
 Did not work . Syringe far too large for a cat , and must taste bad because putting it in the food only made the cat not eat .
 My toy poodle loves to brush his teeth . He jumps right up . I have previously bought more `` commercial '' products on Amazon and at pet stores . I decided to try this `` natural '' toothpaste peanut butter flavor . My dog does not like this `` natural '' product . I wasted my money . No matter how natural anything is , if it does n't work , it 's not worth it .
 I purchased this item by mistake because I remembered the brand name incorrectly and was in a hurry when I ordered it . I was looking to re-order theDenta Clean Herbal Pet Tooth Pastewhich did a very good job and had a flavor the dogs loved.While our dogs love peanuts and peanut butter , both disliked this toothpaste despite it being peanut flavored . We also found it to be less effective ; their teeth were more yellow and they developed bad breath more quickly in the few weeks that we used this product despite using electric toothbrushes with it . -LRB- They are used to electric toothbrushes so we know the toothpaste is the problem . -RRB- The tube is very small so it only lasted about 3 weeks for 2 dogs with nightly brushing . But I guess that was a good thing because we switched to a more effective product that the dogs like better -LRB- Denta Clean Tartar Control Tooth Paste for Dogs . -RRB-
 I like this brand as I have tried it before , but I am not very happy with the fact that it is green ... I have been told by my vet not to give my beagles products that have coloring , and I 'm not sure why this is green . On the otherhand , both of my beagles like this product .
 I bought this because one of my dogs is a fence jumper . I thought this would be fabulous and the answer to a huge problem . The instructions are clear and concise , and the idea behind this product is wonderful , however once I put it on the dog , she immediately chewed through it . This is not a durable product at all !
 I have a dalmation that likes to jump a 5 foot fence . I bought the harness and put it on the dog as the directions indicated . It worked for about 5 minutes . The dog tried to jump the fence but as advetised she could n't because she was hobbled . Finally , she gave it a huge try and made it over the fence . The harness broke in three places . The buckles and the stiching did n't hold . The harness is not well constructed . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 It would work nicely -LRB- I think -RRB- if you can figure out how to get it on . And when you do figure it out , you wo n't the next time . Maybe it should be color coded or something !!!???
 Well we have a large dog that doesnt know how to stay in the yard . He literally climbs the fence . I thought this would help . Nope .
 My dog is a German Sheperd and has destroy our back screen door . I bought this product to keep her from destroying the new back screen door . It only keeps her from staying upright , not the her first jump . I guess I am going to half to build fence to keep her off the house .
 I ordered this product because the packaging listed Sorbitol as the 4th ingredient and therefore an insignificant amount . I was unpleasantly surprised to see that the actual product not only had Sorbitol as the 1st ingredient , but contained chemicals not listed on the package . In some cases this could be harmful to a pet . I have spoken to and emailed the company . I have not gotten a follow up response from them despite sending additional emails and a picture of the product and package . I would hope that Amazon would monitor this discrepancy . Be careful in purchasing products from Four Paws . Google Four Paws recalls . -LSB- ... -RSB- . Search
 I tried it on both of my cats and neither one would even lick to try it , they smelled it and ran away . It has a weird sugary smell . Would not recommend .
 Although the goggles were very well made , my dog refused to wear them . I bought them for bike rides with my dog but they never were used .
 I have a betta and this plant came up in the search I typed in . In only a single day it hurt my fish Filbert and he now has a large cut over his eye and multiple other places . So this product is unsafe for betta fish and possibly many other kinds of fish so be careful when choosing this product .
 At first we were very happy with the collar in keeping my dog from licking his incisions however after 24 hours he had an allergic reaction to material of the collar - causing wounds and another visit to the vet to get examined , shaved , wounds treated and antibiotics administered . The seller would n't take the collar back because they could n't re-sell a used collar . I am bummed that they would n't take back a collar my dog clearly could n't wear .
 I recently called and thought that i receieved the item for `` review '' , but i actually did n't recieve this item yet and im still waiting for it , all the other purchases through Amazon for my dog were very good . Sincerely , Beth M
 The retraction on the leash is a little slow now , and we 've only had it a few months . I 'm hoping it does n't completely give out for a long time , but we 'll have to wait and see .
 I have two dogs , both about 30 pounds . I thought I was buying a similar one to the one I have but no . My hand does not fit into the handle . It 's kind of useless .
 I had problems with this leash . There is not enough tension and it droops at times . Was difficult to pull my dog in closer to me . This is the first time I have ever reviewed something but I was so unhappy with the product .
 Yes , it USED to be the best , but no longer . I am sorry to say that I had to return the first one because it was hanging up at the end , causing my small dog to trip over the leash on occasion . Now the replacement is doing the exact same thing after a little over a month , and it is too late to return it to Amazon . This has been the leash I have used for about 10 years , having owned two in that decade . So , I had two that worked GREAT for over a decade , and now I have had two over a two month period which hang up ... hummmm , I wonder if Flexi is cutting back on their quality ? Yes , I think they are . My dog is old and trips a lot anyway , so it really bugs me that this is causing him even more anguish . This is a medium sized leash , supposed to be good for a dog up to 44 pounds . My dog weighs all of 18 pounds , so his weight is not the problem . I hate when companies drop their standards .
 I purchased this as a back-up spare after my original all-tape Flexi Classic got caught in a crack & the tape was damaged . I did not realize that this leash includes a section next to the collar attachment that does not retract.The first time I used it it somehow snapped back while I was fastening it on my dog 's collar . It took a chunk out of my finger that bled for almost an hour ; it was painful for several days after and still is n't fully healed . I have n't used it since , and have ordered an all-tape leash which I hope will be the same model as my old one . I have used tape Flexi 's for over 2 years with no problem , and this is a poor substitute . The design is awkward , and since the non-retracting section hangs loose it is inconvenient to carry or store . I rate my tape Flexi 's -LRB- I have 3 in all , two of them 25 ' Classics -RRB- 5 stars ; I would not recommend this model at all.Flexi now makes so many different models that it is quite confusing , so be certain that the one you order is the one you really want .
 This urine finder is so small that I can only find the most abvious pet pee . It does n't light up the pee very well .
 This product is completely ineffective . It is a complete waste of money . Do not buy it . Just to be sure it does not work I used in during the night right after my elderly cat urinated outside the box . Nothing showed up . Nothing !
 We tried this urine-finder light to find any urine stains , feline or canine , on our carpeting - even at those places where we know the dog or cat had peed on the carpet , nothing showed up ... Threw it away after one use .
 This only works in total darkness on a white surface.I requested a return but after packaging and calculating shipping it was not worth the trouble.Did the research and thought this was a good but not . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 This product is a scam . I do n't believe there are acutal black lights in it , just purple LED lights . I shine it on a spot I knew there was urine and nothing showed up . It is completely fake , do n't waste the money .
 Unfortunately the tiny pice of plastic meant to hold the door battery door shut will break on you either the first time you use it or the second . My seller was kind enough to replace the unit but to no avail the same problem . Other than the door issues the product I 'm sure is just fine .
 We bought the light as a urine finder for puppy pee . It 's okay . Mediocre , at best . The room must be absolutely pitch black for it to work , and it picks up not only urine but every little white dust speck , so it 's really hard to tell what 's what .
 This is probably one of the worst-designed products I 've ever seen . The instructions said to be careful to insert the batteries according to the diagram in the battery receptacle . Only , there is no diagram in the battery receptacle , so I had to guess . When I took the battery cover off , the entire case came apart and two little bent metal tabs fell out . I have no idea what they were for or where they were supposed to go . I got the case back together and tried the batteries two different ways , but the light never lit . The switch has no ON/OFF label . I tried to arrange the batteries a third way , but this time when I put the battery lid back on , one of the very weak tabs broke off , rendering it useless . In the trash it went . Another fine product Made in China .
 I had the hardest time trying to install the batteries , something that should have taken all of 2 minutes , took me about 20 . I could n't get the cover back on without it springing back up . I broke two of the holding tabs trying to get the cover to fit back on and then lock it . I finally was able to get the cover on , but since two tabs were broken during this process , the cover does n't sit flat . I have it secured with a rubber band , but the light works . I do n't blame the seller for this problem , but the manufacturer
 Absolutely useless !!! I bought the light as a urine finder for cat pee . It has a beautiful glow but absolutely useless . Even when I pointed directly at the urine puddle , it did n't change the light from the places where there were no urine .
 We have a miniature dachshund that is prone to ` accidents ' , and we have one black light -LRB- fluorescent -RRB- that finds her accidents easily . We were hoping that this would work as well but unfortunately it seems to be at a different wave length than the fluorescent one , and it wo n't identify any pee spots at all .
 I have a cat that has started urinating in various places and I had a puppy that I was potty training . I was really hoping this urine finder would work . But it did n't live up to my expectations .
 this urine finder is just a rip off , since it ca n't find urine if the urine was bottled and poured on it .
 i got this with big hopes for hunt and clean-up all the urine stains of my two dogs , and was expecting good , however , this so so amazing , even if u point it on top of fresh urine , you would not notice anything new , i waited for some urine to dry up as well , and tried , still nothing ... unfortunately this is just doesnt work .
 This thing does n't work . I used it in a room with no windows right after my cat had an accident - it was still wet - and NOTHING showed up . it 's not worth the time and money . Now I have to waste my time returning it .
 I read the reviews and only used this light late at night with the all the other lights off , and held it close to the floor . It was no help . It does make dust glow . Maybe it only works on carpets . I really wanted it to work , but after a couple tries I gave up . i would pay 2 or 3 times what i paid if it worked . For my house it did n't . save your money and buy enzyme cleaner .
 We have 3 dogs and 3 cats who occasionaly will have an accident in the house . Our friends recommended that we buy a black light to keep help identify the wet spots . Unfortunately , this light is not large enough to do an efficient job . It was a waste of money .
 Battery tabs broke immediately upon receipt and item was slow to arrive . I contacted the company to track its where-abouts and did not receive a response . Two days later I contacted them through the Amazon website and received a response the next day . Item promptly arrived after that by USPS and was accurate . The light works but by far this was not one of my best Marketplace customer experiences .
 This product may have good potential , but if you have wood floors or tile and keep this on a table where it may get knocked over , BEWARE . It must only work on dried pee , because my cat peed on a shirt recently and it did n't glow at all.I 've had this thing less than a week , and it fell off one of the foldable lunch / couch tables onto the wood floor and broke . The light bulb did n't break , that was fine , but the battery cover flew right off and one of the plastic ends was cracked , so it probably wo n't even hold batteries if I tape it.This is a cheap piece of junk . If you 're going to be careful with it then it may be ok . I just did n't expect for the plastic to break before the bulb ...
 This did n't work any better than a flashlight - and maybe not as well . A large family had to move away , and we are taking care of their four cats , who seem to be upset about their absence . There 's a lot of peeing going on , some of which is easy to locate & some that is not . Using the Urine Finder light - I can find nothing more than what i can find without it .
 Do n't bother buying this . I purchased it to locate exactly the places my cat had sprayed so I could treat the correct places and this light did nothing ! Do n't bother buying it .
 This light is very weak and small . I know exactly where my cat urinated and shined it there and it did n't glow pale yellow like it was supposed to . You are better off using your nose this light does n't work .
 I bought this with the hopes of finding cat urine in my carpets . Turns out , it 's not even bright enough to detect the urine . I could smell the urine but I could not find it . This product is a joke . Do n't buy it .
 i dont know if the actual urine off brand light looks like the one i got -LRB- which obviously was not the urine off brand -RRB- but the item i received was of cheap construction and look like a toy as for actually finding urine stains ... . Yeah Right !!! waste of time and money . This item was sold by penny lane gifts who has not responded to any of my emails about the item i received !!!
 I bought wee cleaner and a light from the same seller but i got the them mailed from two different places . the black light won , t even come on , I put new batteries in and it just does n't work . I called the manufactorer and they informed me that they did n't back this product.So I 'm stuck with a light that I was charged for that does n't work Donot buy wee cleaner because they sell you products that DO N'T WORK .
 This light did not work to identify urine . I compared with a fluorescent light -LRB- black -RRB- and it identified very obviously urine marks from the cat , this light did NOT show anything but a bright light on the wall . Returning this product because it did not work as advertised . It is also the similar design / manufacturing quality as the `` free '' Harbor Freight flashlights for the body and connections inside -LRB- not long lasting -RRB- , especially for the price , do n't buy it .
 This product is an absolute pain in the butt . I put in new batteries and screwed the cap back on , and it would flash on and then off again . It would n't come on . I had to adjust the tightness on the cap to get it to come on for like 1 second , and then it would go off again . It 's SO incredibly sensitive , the cap has to be in the absolute perfect position for you to get it to work for maybe 10 seconds .
 The product works as expected but the batteries fit so tightly that the cap broke instantly . Seems a lot of people had this problem . I use tape to hold it shut now . I would return it , but being that it 's only $ 7 and the infrequency of use , I decided not to bother .
 The product does not look like the picture , in the sense of having that writting and I have to push down on the battery for it to turn on and so its a little less than ok . Does the job for finding small spots , thats why its compact and cheap
 when I got the package , the motor unit is in a bag full of dust . It seems like had been used . Sure enough , it did not work . I usually have a good experience with Amazon but not this time .
 not so great , my dog was finished the treat in no time did not last at all , sorry about this reveiw but do not like this product
 Sadly i got really excited when i saw this and the toy these go into that i bought a few flavors and the toy ASAP . She isnt into them =[ hopefully she comes around and starts to use it but we will see . If she does i will make an update !
 These are decent treats to keep your dog busy for a while , but if the word `` everlasting '' is what 's making you consider buying ... move on . I have two german shepherds . They are n't mega chewers but enjoy a treat . These things last about 10mins MAX with them . I have two types of `` holders '' for the treats and the dogs manage to crack the treat part in a minute or two then just gnaw on it for a few more minutes until its done . For the price they are asking on these , definitely get something else .
 The dogs love the everlasting products , but this flavor left red stains all over my light carpet .
 These treats are much smaller than I thought they would be , and they only lasted a few seconds with my dogs . For the price , I could have bought a whole bag of treats and the dogs would have gotten the same enjoyment . I gave them two stars only because my dogs did seem to like the taste . But then , they 're not exactly picky .
 not long lasting really and makes the dog sick when she eats too much of the treat . I have to take it away from her after a few minutes so she does n't eat too much . If she eats the whole thing she gets the hershey squirts -LRB- liquid stool frequently -RRB- . I think a better long lasting treat is peanut butter inside a bone or kong FROZEN . That keeps her busy and she does n't get sick .
 I ordered the product and thought I was getting the large size . I called the shipper , no returned calls and I ca n't really use the item shipped as I needed the large item.How do I return , the shipper does n't return the calls . Not a happy customer of this product .
 I was very disappointed in this product !! It took about 2 minutes for my dog to eat the &#34; Healthy Edibles &#34; .
 I was very disappointed in the quality if the ingredients . Our dog was only mildly interested . Will definitely not order these again .
 I would give zero stars if I could . Simply for the fact that I never received these in my order !!! I was sent some bogus available berry pill that I never ordered . When returned I still never received a refund of replacement . Very unhappy
 I was sort-of angry when i recieved this in the mail . The bristles are ALOT shorter than in the picture , they are about a centimeter long ! what ?! Yeah . well , the hairs/bristles kept falling out like CRAZZY , so i thought id wash it a bit to get all the loose hairs out . NO ! It didnt work much . And i dont know if it was just my brush , but there was a TERRIBLE smell coming from it after it was perfectly clean and dry ! It gave me a head-ache ! it was so strange i couldnt beleive it ! well , i didnt want to waste my money by not using it , so i just thought id put it in a seperate bag inside my grooming bag , it didnt work . it stenched up my WHOLE bag and spred the smell on my horse ?! dissapointed ... im throwing it away or donating it to someone . but i dont know who would want it ... I WAS SUPRISED ! I LOOOOOOVE OSTER ! Everything else from their brand is my absoloute FAVORITE !!! this brush confuses me ...
 The product is new and never used , but the brush is coming out when I just pass on my hands , I do not beleive it will have a good durability !
 The cookies are huge , I have a Chihuahua and have to break them up ! Although she does seem to love the flavor .
 I install this product the first day and my dog broke it the second day . It was really too flimsy . not stong at all . This might work for a small dog . I have a meduim size german shepard . still a puppy . I was surprised as to how weak it was .
 i bought this for my betta fish because of the price and reviews . I figured there was no harm and fish food is fish food . Wrong . I used this for about three days . even after three days of not eating anything the betta refused to eat it and i ended up going out and buying the pellets again . It might be because my betta is a female and all men know they can be fussy eaters when someones watching but your fish just may love the stuff .
 It clearly states on the package that it is great for dogs , cats , ferrets , and other house pets . N-O-T - ! If your cat or dog has very long AND thick fur , this will probably let you go ONE DAY longer BETWEEN baths , however , it does NOT replace pet shampoo and water by a long shot!Forget even trying ferrets . The brush is larger than a full grown ferret and the brissels are VERY wide . No , will not work on large animals either , such as horses , so do not even think it.It takes a 9V battery and can hardly be heard by human ears . The pets sure can hear it though . It took quite a bit of coaxing to get my cats to even get near the thing . It does not suck out odors , animal dander , fur , etc. . . though it claims to . Instead , it emits a light , constant pressure of air that -LRB- IF THE ANIMAL HAS LONG AND THICK FUR -RRB- will get under the hot mound of fur . This only lets the breeze in and puffs the fur up to make it LOOK cleaner and fuller . However , the very next time you pet the fur or it licks itself , even that illusion is gone . The breeze is not cool , so it will not feel great to the animal either . When I touch the brissels to feel the air , it takes a little while because the breeze is luke warm and faint.If the pet DOES have think , long fur though it will love the large wide brissels as you comb it . But any cheap brush will do this.PASS.Reviewed by Detra Fitch .
 too large a head for all but the largest dogs ... just puts out ions fr small hole ... -LSB- poorly designed on/off button that easily gets turned off while using and also turned on when not ... have accidently used up several 9v batteries when somethig touched it in the drawer and turned it on ... would buy one of the other models if had it to do over .
 I purchased the pet boundary indoor barrier system as a gift for my parents to help control their dogs . The system requires a tag to be worn and it only comes with one tag , which is n't desirable for multiple dog households . Their weenie dog loves to grab the main unit and play with it as if it were one of his toys . He is completely unaffected by it . It was a total waste of money . This product does not work so please do n't waste your money on it .
 I bought the product for my cat and she ran right up to it and it never phased her . Do n't waste your money .
 My timid cat walked up to it , looked surprised , then sat down next to it and groomed herself . I e-mailed Lentek to see if I was doing something wrong and got NO RESPONSE . I called and got a rather lazy-sounding guy who knew nothing and seemed to think his job was to get me off the phone as quickly as possible . Some customer service ! I 'll never buy Lentek anything again .
 I purchased two of these units . First of all , the range between the transmitter and receiver is more like ten inches ; not six to ten feet as advertised . And , our dog walked back and forth right next to the unit with no response . She finally trained herself to stay out of the room being `` protected '' . I wrote and phoned Lentek with no return contact from them . I have purchased their products before , but this will be the last time .
 Unfortunately , i did n't look at any reviews before buying this product . Like others said , the range is not near six to ten feet , more like a few inches . My dog did n't even act like she heard anything either , it is worthless . I 'm hoping I can return it .
 I had one of these things for a while . I loved it . Now they `` improved '' it . They made it more sensitive . What a nightmare ! It used to have a 6 ' -10 ' range , now it sences eveything with in a 30 ' range . I was using it to keep one of my cats out of a corner that she liked to pee in . If I set up the new one , she ca n't even walk through the room.They should have put a control on this to adjust the distance that it picks up the collar 's signal.I really wish the old one had not broken . : -LRB-
 This will be very short , either both units were defective or these area very poor design . Both my cats would lay in front of them , I couldnot see any reaction from any of my cats . I returned them promptly andI 'm not using the scat mat with some success .
 Another moral-free company in Florida or New York run out of someone 's home or small warehouse and simply re-labels the worst Chinese products . I bet when you call product support you 'll hear the `` CEOs '' wife or child in the background yelling . Oh yeah , the `` product '' , it did n't even work and when I tested the `` 9 volt '' power supply it measures at 16 Volts , which is why it probably does n't work .
 I had one of these things for a while . I loved it . Now they `` improved '' it . They made it more sensitive . What a nightmare ! It used to have a 6 ' -10 ' range , now it sences eveything with in a 30 ' range . I was using it to keep one of my cats out of a corner that she liked to pee in . If I set up the new one , she ca n't even walk through the room.They should have put a control on this to adjust the distance that it picks up the collar 's signal.I really wish the old one had not broken . : -LRB-
 As a dog owner , I can tell you this thing shovels more poo than I do . I 'm not fool enough to believe the claims of a `` waterless bath , '' but I was suckered in with the notion of reducing dander and shedding . Not so . Even as a simple brush , this product falls short , as the rubbery bristles have too much flex to get through long or tangled fur . I understand the concept that ions change the properties of water , but neither in theory nor in practice can I fathom how that concept applies here . Spend the money on grooming tools made for your species of pet instead .
 I tried this on our two cats , since neither one likes to be brushed with a normal brush . One bolted under the bed as soon as I turned on the Ionic Brush , the other one fidgeted but endured it with a little help from my wife.Problem
 This brush is useless . The amount of air -LRB- ionized -RRB- it blows is minimal at best . Worse yet , the bristles are thin , short , and and easily breakable plastic . Save you money , and time . I can brush `` with the grain '' on my dog 's coat , as a sign of affection with this brush , but there 's no way I can actually even gently groom her with this product .
 A Great waste of money and time , It had a green light to tell you that you wasted your money for a 9 volt battery to get the honor of seeing a green light , in addition to the wasted money for the brush . I threw mine in the trash where it belonged . There was no place for a 1/100 star rating
 So even after reading the latest review , I decided to take a chance and order this item . I specifically chose it because I wanted it to be black or grey and I wanted the bed to have sides.It showed up and it was green and brown ! I called the company and they told me that it was a `` listing error . '' They 'll fully refund me and I can keep or donate the bed . They have no way of knowing what color I 'll get if they reorder . They also have no way of knowing if they have the grey/black one in stock!Crazy . So , good dealings with the company , but if you order this pet bed because you want the exact one listed , you 're taking your chances!The bed itself seems ok . Worth what I paid or maybe less . We 'll see if the kitties like it !
 this brush does n't make too much for my dog . it has two little holes where a very soft hair -LRB- which smells like plastic -RRB- comes from . In the box says i should brush him every day for 5 minutes but yesterday i found a flea on his coat and he still smells ... . The only good thing is that my dog likes the massage .
 If this cleaned the air , I could n't tell . I ended up tossing it .
 It 's a proximity device that is composed of a base unit and a fob to attach to the pet 's collar . The base unit is purported to emit an ultrasonic sound when a pet wearing the fob gets within 10 feet . It has a switch that toggles to `` cat '' or `` dog . `` My experience :1 . Its proximity sensor is sporadic at best .2 . The base unit 's reception is hindered by doors and fluorescent lights . Its range is not adjustable .3 . The ultrasonic sound is perceptible throughout the house , and despite the `` cat/dog '' switch , is ALWAYS heard by dogs . Not nice at all .4 . The fobs require nickel-sized computer-type batteries that require bi-weekly replacement to the tune of 4 smackers per .5 . The technical support is paltry . In fact , they ditched two of my four calls !
 The advertisement for this item says that it can be used on cats , having a daughter who may or may not have difficulty with dander I was under the impression that this was the answer to those problems . The description is a `` massaging brush '' but when one turns it on it sounds almost like a small vacuum cleaner . As you are able to guess , cats scramble from it like a real vacuum cleaner ! On pure accident , it was knocked onto the ground , about two feet to the floor , and ceased working , so the sound was no longer a problem . The brush surface disloded as well and I have yet to get it back in place .
 I kind of regret buying this brush because my 10 weeks old golden HATES the vibrate . She HATES the noise and she runs away from the brush whenever I present it before her . If I keep brushing her with it she would bite and bark , which is a good indication of irritation.I also have problem getting the hair off the brush because I ca n't get the plate with all the hair tangled together off the comb -LRB- the plate should be easy to take off , but appearently it 's not ! -RRB- . It 's just awkward and useless . Afterall I spent $ 40 for a normal comb and am unable to use the full out of it . A waste of money .
 Nothing replaces a good hairbrush and a good bath . The ionizer does n't do it for my pups , too loud . The bristles need to be thinner and longer . will not buy again or recommend .
 I bought this and it requires a nine volt battery , so went out bought brand new batteries neither of them made it work . Tried multiple times and tried to figure out why it was n't working could n't even open the thing up to see why . Save your money and just put a dangling bell on the door .
 I originally ordered the chime and paw . It was great for about a year . Then the paw did n't work ccorrectly so I ordered 2 replacements . Neither worked with the chime . Very disappointed and so is my dog.Skyskyblu
 This is a product that works fine for its purpose and then also works when it wants to on its own . When I read on other reviews that the chime started to ring on its own , I assumed that they simply did n't replace the batteries on a timely basis . However , my new chime started spontaneously and magically ringing on its own during the first week I had it in place by the door . I put it on my dresser , and now every once in a while for no apparent reason it chimes . I plan to return it . Who wants a doorbell in the house that rings when the dog is n't anywhere near the door ?
 Save your money and hang a bell low enough on your door for your dog to reach . Cheaper . More reliable . Never needs batteries . Wo n't break . More pleasing sound .
 It worked good for about a week then the chime started going off on its own once in a while . It then became more frequently until we finally pulled the battery and said forget it . Should have returned it but we did n't .
 Brand new product , brand new batteries and the bell would only ring intermittently even with the paw and receiver right next to each other . Do n't waste your time on this poorly developed product . I 'm heading to the hardware store to purchase a remote doorbell that I 'll rig up instead . Furious that I wasted my time , and trips to the store to buy batteries and a TINY little screwdriver to open the battery case . Absolutely ridiculous .
 I would not recommend this ... it was very cheap made . . and would not work after I got it.there was another review that said when they recieved it it did not work.I should have listened to it . . I WOULD HIGLY RECOMMNED BUYING SOMETHING ELSE .
 Great concept , easy to train my dogs -LRB- poms -RRB- to use & they seem to love triggering the bell , but disappointed with the quality . I had purchased 3 about a year ago and they worked for few months then the switches started getting sticky . . I thought I would order a couple more as it keeps my dogs from scratching the doors . . and they immediately did not work right . They either erroneously just start triggering the bell or do n't at all when pressed . I tried to contact Lentek and they just told me I could return to Amazon within 30 days of purchase . . They do n't seem to want to guarantee their product . I took apart one of my old ones to try to fix and the problem seems to be with the switch inside . It sometimes activates it sometimes does not . . and sometimes sticks on . I wish someone would make one that would work for a while . I would pay more for one that actually functioned .
 I thought this would be a great way to train my puppy to ring the chime when she had to go out . I was so excited to get it ... and the chime did n't work . Oh Well !
 I was very disappointed in this item . I returned it twice . The chime did not work . It looked like the + and - signs were not correct on the diagram .
 The item works but the quality is very low . It is made out of cheap plastic and I found paper stuck inside . The bell rings randomly as others have noted . The random ringing happens if the button gets stuck down . It does n't always pop back up after it is pushed . It is n't even waterresistent for those thinking of putting it outside .
 This is very misleading . this item is only half of the package . after its delivered you will find that you must also order more parts to make it work . very disappointed in amazon for allowing this .
 I was really hopeful about this product working . I have four dogs , ages 2 through 8 . I tried and tried to teach them how to use this product , but they just never could make the connection of the bark to pushing the button . They just ignored the paw and would n't ever put their paw on it to even touch it .
 In December 2002 , I purchased the pet chime and paw & two additional paws . I was extremely satisfied with them until the past couple of weeks . In the past couple of weeks 2 paws have stopped working for unknown reasons and repeated emails and phone calls have gone unanswered by Lentek . They 're great , IF THEY WORK !
 I bought the pet paw and receiver around a year ago , and I only have negative things to say about the pet paw , since the receiver seems to be working fine . After a few months of use , the button became loose and would usually get stuck in the depressed position , causing the receiver to ring continuously . We had our button outside the door on a screen porch , and I believe it was dirt getting in the crack around the button that caused it to stick . Before it died completely , a new 9V battery would last only a couple weeks before needing replacement , I assume because it was in a constant transmitting state.Make the button a little more durable for large dirty paws -LRB- my dog tends to hit the button repeatedly as he sees me and eagerly awaits the door opening -RRB- and I would buy this product again in a heartbeat .
 The Lentek Pet Paw , part of the Pet Chime system by Lentek , is a great idea that is badly engineered . Years ago , our dog was successfully trained to use the Pet Paw , despite the fact the only way to get it to work is to step on one little part of it , and even that often does n't work . The Pet Paw often becomes dysfunctional when wet or frozen , because water can seep in around the edges of the part the dog has to step on . It must be kept in a plastic freezer bag to remain workable . The battery is hard to change because it is wedged in so tightly , and whenever there is a problem -LRB- which is often -RRB- the first thing we have to check is that battery . We have had to replace the Pet Paw many times . This product needs to be redesigned to be less cute and more functional . Stepping on ANY part of it should easily trigger the remote chime , and the top surface should be in a single piece that does n't have cracks that water can enter .
 The pagoda is sturdy and the Budda carving is very precise and detailed , but mine has a red top and is poorly re-painted red . It looks like it was once painted gold but for some reason painted over with red paint . There 's one red brush stroke per Budda so , you can see the gold paint on either sides . Overall , worth the five dollars .
 This water dish is almost next to impossible to fill up without spilling water all over the floor . I have tried several different ways to fill it up and they have all failed to keep the floor from getting wet . Imagine taking a full 1 liter bottle of water and attempting to place it upside down into a hole the size of the neck of the bottle without spilling it . Even if you use your finger to cover the opening you will eventually have to move it out of the way and the funnel area can not funnel it away fast enough . The plug-in for the pump is right where the water can cascade over it too . The casing is formed out of two pieces of plastic and there is no seal between them so if you overfill the pump canister it will leak out onto the floor . The pump was quiet at first but now it is getting louder . The pump is nothing but a fish tank pump . This is very much a gimmick product . Update 19 Feb 2004
 The cats loved it . But the pump stopped working six weeks after purchase . The box was recycled during the holidays so now I 'm stuck with an expensive water bowl that I can not return . Ouch .
 These 2 bad reviews do not surprise me . As with other Lentek product , this does not work well . Noisy . Poorly made . Also , their customer service is a joke .
 Received this thing as a gift in January 2012 for my 18 year old arthritic cat . She took to it quickly , but even with the charcoal filter & using bottled , filtered water , this `` fountain '' is a messy disaster . Impossible to fully dismantle to clean all the gunk out of the corners & around the pump . -LRB- & there does not seem to be replacement filters for this thing -RRB- . Had to finally resort to partially dismantling the intake grid on the pump every few days . Real pain . The liter bottle reservoir is a joke . . I just filled up the reservoir surrounding the pump & it worked fine . However , this fountain is cheaply made , brittle & grows more bacteria than a Petri dish !!! This past week , it started leaking through the electrical connection due to a crack in the reservoir . It is in the trash can at the moment . Unfortunately , I have just been informed that this thing is to be replaced by the same fountain . I & my cat are not happy campers !!! Do n't buy this thing !!!!
 We really needed an automatic feeder for our cat because we were going away for the holidays and needed to make sure our cat did n't eat all his food as soon as we walked out the door . I was excited when I found this one , however it did n't even rotate at all . I followed the directions but nothing happened . I left it overnight , changed the setting , anything and it never made a noise . I sent it back and went and bought one at Pet Smart that works great .
 Just arrived and does not work . Was very difficult to get together correctly after putting in battery and then it would only forward occasionally . I am off to the pet store to buy one and I will be returning this one .
 I bought two of these for my two cats . One cat figured out how to get her paw under the lid and open it . At first I thought that she managed to pry it open when it was rotating , but just to try again , after 6 months not using , I filled one section and put it down . Within 3 minutes , the cat got the lid off and the other cat moved in to eat . So , if you have a clever , curious cat , this wo n't work for you . Great if you have lazy cat .
 I purchased the product even with all the negative reviews . First of all to refill the feeder requires really taking the feeder apart ... very cumbersome . However having said this the green light was on . I turned it on at the time I wanted it to rotate , 7 am every 24 hours . I had to wait until the next day , well it never rotated . Also the lid is very easy to move . I have a Bengal cat , even if the feeder had worked I know he would have easily been able to move it . I needed the feeder as we are going away . However I returned it . I will look for other options . Unfortunately there really are no other automatic feeders with any consistent good reviews . Save your time and effort , this product is not worth the trouble
 I 've been using one of these for my cat for four years with great results , so when I adopted a second cat recently , I ordered another . The motor sounded like it was dying and the speed of the turn would vary randomly . After a day of use I noticed that it was n't turning at all unless I gave it a shake . I promptly returned it and the replacement had the same issue only worse . This one would n't stop at one turn . I got a refund and will buy at a store so I can make sure it works first . My first one has held up great and never had an issue with it , so I 'm hoping this is an isolated issue of quality control .
 The plastic lid easily falls off , leaving the button to advance the tray open for your cats paw to smack . The cat also figured out how to move the tray , getting all 6 days of food in about 10 minutes . I am returning this . For the price , totally not even a little worth it if you cat has even average intelligence .
 The instructions were not very clear but I finally figured out how to remove the cover to load it . The design is ok but the feeder started malfunctioning after only 3 times used . It began continually running and would n't stop . This probably explains why the battery was almost run down after the second time I used it . I would be willing to try another one if Amazon will replace it .
 This feeder broke after a week . I did not trust it even during the week that it ran . The cats loved it though and had it worked it would have saved me from being woken up every morning for breakfast.I can not solve what is wrong with it . I have tried several different -LRB- and new -RRB- batteries but the feeder will only randomly function . The green light that is supposed to signal that it is on , only worked for that one week . Now if I try turning it on , the moter may advance once , but no more after that . Or if I turn it off and turn it back on again , the motor does not advance at all -LRB- when I push the advance button -RRB- . I feel that there is probably faulty wiring somewhere inside the mechanism either with the connection to the battery or the connection to the on/off switch.I would not buy this product again.Additionally , I bought this for use with canned food , but I could not fit the water packs underneath the feeder once they had frozen , even though I had made certain to only fill them to the line displayed . Removing the caps for the water packs was also difficult , and I had to use a wrench to pull them off.It 's a great idea , but this product fails to deliver .
 I always appreciate when folks write reviews because then you really know what you are getting . If you are looking for a feeding dish for you pet who eats wet food stop here ... hire a pet sitter . I have an older cat which requires feeding twice a day . I work longer hours but they are n't long enough to warrant a pet sitter daily . The first time i tried this item the containers thawed out by the end of the day . I did try it on a weekend when i was home to make sure the food did not go bad by sitting out in the open for hours without being chilled . The second time I froze the later half of the days food so by the time it got around to feeding time again 12 hours after putting out the food it was just the right tempature . Good luck if you have a cat like mine !
 My cat started standing on the top of this while it rotates , and then the dish wo n't go to the next section of the feeder . My cat then would n't get fed and would be acting crazy and I could n't figure out why until I realize it was no longer advancing . Then the other day I watched the dish advance and then just randomly go back to the empty section . The motor is blown . I guess it was ok for the price but I would n't buy it again .
 Worked great -LRB- although loud -RRB- until we tried to change the battery . Compartment never lined up after that -LRB- tried for an hour -RRB- rendering it useless . Poor design . Wish I never bought it .
 The worst thing about this feeder
 THis item is of very poor quality . It 's broken already and I have to return it.The automatic function is bad , it does n't work . I do not recommend this . Do n't buy it .
 I purchased this feeder after my cat broke the LeBistro brand feeder I had by repeatedly sticking her paw up into the food dispenser to coax more kibbles out . The design of this feeder prevented that , but it was clunky in other ways . I had to remember to fill it again every few days by guessing when I had last done so , because you can not see which of the hidden trays are empty . Since I could not figure out how to lift the tray cover , I had to rotate it by battery power - very slowly - tray by tray - to refill each one . The batteries lasted several months , but when they began to run down , I could not for the life of me get the center console with the motor in it to `` lift '' out -LRB- as per instructions -RRB- to put in new batteries . I pried it with a screwdriver , rotated the cover to each tray in turn , shook it - nothing worked . After two frustrating days , I finally sent it back to Amazon with the dead batteries still installed . It was useless . I would not buy this model again .
 The design is very flawed . The bottom and top do not close completely , and so it is very easy for both human and cat to push the top over to the next food section . If the item were made of sturdier plastic or was more tightly fitted -LRB- with perhaps a screwed on top or something -RRB- then this feeder would be great . Alas , the ice packs are very thin , and it would have been better had they been electrically chilled instead of relying on ice packs -LRB- plus I feel a little nervous about mixing water with electricity , even if it is battery-powered -RRB- . Also , it was difficult to install the battery - it would have been easier had you been able to pull the link out a little bit so you could snap the V-9 on with both hands and then stick it back in , instead of trying to snap them on at the same time hoping you 're not breaking something inside the machine .
 The dish works great . The only issue i find is when you open it to refill the food it takes a few secs to align the top properly , but it is only a minor problem
 It 's OK until it starts skipping over sections . I have owned 2 of these and both at some point got glitchy . There are not programmable , need frequent refilling , and not reliable while you are away . There seem to be better choices than this , but I have n't tried others yet .
 i have had this product for about a year and a half and it works great , except for one problem , which has become increasingly worse . it is difficult to describe , but basically , the compartment that houses the battery is too small , and the battery pokes out and the compartment doesnt seal flat . there is a bit of a raised surface from the battery , and when the motor turns , it grinds against the surface creating this intensely loud `` CLICK CLICK CLICK '' sound . if it cant rotate completely , it starts to move counterclockwise , and it still gets stuck . believe me , its the worst sound to wake up to in the morning , and its even worse to come home late at night to see that the setting hasnt been able to move and kitty hasnt been fed . this product is poorly designed , look for something else , thats what im doing .
 Our feeder arrived defective -- the mechanism did not advance to the next feeding slot correctly . The return & refund were handled professionally & courteously . We bought another brand which , while more expensive , does work well .
 I 've been looking for a reliable way to feed my cat and thought this looked like a decent product , especially with so many 5-star reviews . I opened the box , put in a brand-new battery , made sure it was properly aligned and turned it on . Immediately , the feeder made this terrible creaking noise and the lid moved slowly as if the battery was dead . I swapped out the battery with two more to no avail . The LED would n't light . The lid would n't move . It 's a dud.Normally , I 'd give a product a second try before leaving a negative review , but this is supposed to feed my cat -- the possibility that a new feeder might also seize while I 'm gone for a few nights is completely unacceptable . After putting it back in the box for shipping , I came back on Amazon to read the negative reviews and I 've discovered I 'm not the only one who 's had a bad experience with poor craftsmanship on this product.The real shame is that my cat was incredibly curious about the feeder -- he seemed to like the noise and was investigating the lid from the moment I took it out of the box . Hopefully , he 'll be as curious about one of the competing feeders .
 Mine was broken when I received it . The `` advance '' button was permanently stuck down , meaning it rotated continually without stopping , regardless of how the timer was set . The company 's customer service process for fixing defects was so complicated that I gave up . Not a good buy .
 This was a used pet feeder , it never worked , it is bad business to sell junk and for Amazon to associate itself with companies who sell junk !
 Should have know by the reviews this thing would go South and ours did after about a month and a half . It literally seems like one reviewer said , `` a prototype '' . If you want your cat fed at 6am , you have to be up at 6am to flip the switch ? How archaic is that ? We have programmable coffee makers , why ca n't we have the same here ? Anyway , other than that it worked fine for a little over a month then all of a sudden when it came time to feed the top would rotate once exposing the food . Great . THEN ... a minute later it would do a 2nd rotation for absolutely no reason at all . Then the advance button just stopped working . Better yet , you press the button and the dish would rotate ... like 5 minutes later ! The battery indicator light barely flashes -LRB- yes , we 've put several new batteries in -RRB- . All in all a lame experience . Now Amazon can only give us a partial refund , after I pack and ship at my expense of course . The company Koolatron wants us to send the whole thing back for a replacement . No thanks . AVOID !
 This unit is too fiddly for frequent use . The top is hard to get off and on to add food to it . I thought maybe we were meant to advance the trays one at a time , but the instructions specifically say to lift the top to fill . Plus , if you do n't fill all the trays when you put the top back on you have to make sure that the right trays are filled to expose the slots you want to . Plastic cover of on and off switch is cheaply made and falls right off . Why did they even bother ? Finally this unit bears a striking resemblance to a roomba . As such my cat was afraid of it . He tried swatting it and stalking it , and it took a few days for him to get comfortable around it .
 before i bought this item i read a review that said warned that cats can sometimes figure out how to get the machine to go the next meal -LRB- give them all their food all at once -RRB- . i thought `` there is no way my cat could figure something like that out '' ! i was wrong , my cat simply had to sit on top of the motor and it would turn to go to the next meal.this thing is a total waste of money !
 I bought 2 of these to feed our 2 cats while we went on holiday for 6 days . I bought them 6 weeks before we left to ensure they arrived on time . When they arrived I put in batteries and they appeared to work . I switched them off and then came back to them on the day before we were leaving . I switched them on and they did not work . I left them on during the day to see if they would advance , but they never did . I thought it was the batteries , so I went to buy new ones , however this did not help . In fact switching them on and off back random results of suddenly advancing then immediately returning back to the original position . And other random movements . Needless to say I could not use them and our poor cats had to do with buckets of dry food scattered randomly throughout the house . Naturally I returned them for a refund on my return . However I had to pay $ 12 for a new box and packing material as I had discarded the original boxes.Don ' t buy this junk !!!
 In theory , this pet feeder is GREAT . BUT ... hungry cats can easily pop it open and gorge themselves . The lid pops off pretty easily , so buyer beware . If you have pets that are food driven , try another product .
 The cats I bought this for -LRB- 2 tabby housecats -RRB- figured out how to turn the lid within 6 minutes of setting it down . I am pretty upset .
 The item worked briefly , but has been sporatic and can not be counted upon to do dispense food on a regular basis -LRB- which was why it was purchased -RRB-
 To all ye who purchase this piece of garbage , Good luck : - figuring out how to remove the `` top '' from the `` base . '' -LRB- The directions are useless . -RRB- - inserting the battery -LRB- the too-short cord provided results in only being able to install/insert the battery plug into the motor one way - one painfully ineffective and frustrating way -RRB- . - opening and closing the ice `` packs '' to fill them with water -LRB- which are just very cheap plastic inserts -RRB- . The caps are nearly impossible to remove , and warp after one fill since you 'll be needing a fork to pry them off . - getting it to `` advance '' -LRB- my advance button was broken -RRB- . - trusting it to work -LRB- I tried it on all three settings - it did n't work -RRB- . I advise you of this as a grown man with a college degree -LRB- he said with a snark -RRB- . I patiently read the `` directions '' and even had a friend attempt to set it up as well . It is defective - and yet even if we could get it to work , I feel that the junky plastic parts are not worth your money .
 I bought this for my cats because they woke me up every morning for food . After some frustration getting it to turn at the correct hour , it worked okay for 5 months . Then it died.The lack of a time setting : Adjusts to 6 hour , 12 hour , and 24 hour settings . The problem
 This arrived broken before we used it . the electronics with in this were destroyed , totally fried . It registered there was a battery , but the light kept blinking , and it would n't register to be programed . the wiring was totally faulty . furthermore , the lid and did n't fit quite right , and it was extremely light weight , it was clear that the compartments were not airtight , and that small paws could fit into the adjacent compartment . it was also not easy to reassemble , and i 'm not sure how they intended the ice packs to work . they were hard plastic , inflexible , and were poorly seemed , so they leaked when water was poured in them , so they would n't have frozen well and easily leaked.it ended up being returned to amazon .
 I bought this at Christmas time and the motor stopped working within a week . So , I returned it and received a replacement -LRB- you need to replace the whole unit , you can not replace only the motor -RRB- . It worked great for 4 months and then the motor stopped working again . Now I 'm outside of my warranty time and buying an automatic feeder from a different brand . It 's unfortunate because when the feeder is working properly it is very convenient for when I go out of town for a few days . But , I would n't purchase again because I could never be sure if it was going to fail and my cats would go without food while I was gone .
 I actually purchased TWO of the exact same Lentek 6 Day Pet Dish . They both did not work . The first one did not work at all and the second one did not reveal the food openings in sequence , rather it skipped full compartments and revealed empty ones . I was counting on this product to feed the cat -LRB- who is awake at 4 -RRB- in the morning so I can sleep better . This product did not do what it was supposed to in any sense of the term . My next step is to think about spending more on a functioning pet feeder , but nothing by Lentek .
 I ordered two of these for my two cats . They worked initially , but after about a month , first one then the other , began dying . First the motor starts running slow , like the battery is weak , then it begins cycling back and forth , keeping the tortured cats staring at their food as it appears , then disappears over and over again . Finally they just stop working . I replaced the battery , and it did n't help . If it had been only one acting up , I would have tried exchanging it , but both ? Twice the frustration , twice the disappointment.If it worked properly , this product would be a godsend - I have a weird rotating work shift , and I really needed this so I could feed my cats regularly and get uninterrupted sleep too . I guess I will have to go back to leaving food out all the time , even though one of my cats desperately needs a diet . Lucky for me I can return it to Amazon so at least I 'm confident that part of the transaction will work .
 Lentek 6-Day Automatic Pet DishLentek 2-Day Automatic Pet DishOk , gon na try writing this a 2nd TIME after my pc shut off accidentally as I was reviewing what I wrote -LRB- before I submitted it ! -RRB- . that 's how important this is for me to warn other pet owners about this invention itself . Lets see if I can remember what I wrote ! First , I am a 30smthg , intelligent , college-educated , veteran pet owner/feral rescuer ; so trust me
 I got this pet dish because my cat needs to be fed medicine -LRB- crushed up in his wet food -RRB- every 12 hours . This automatic pet dish looked like it fit the bill , plus it had space for ice packs . Well , I got it home and we tried it ... but 1 -RRB- it scared the cat -LRB- the noise is pretty loud -RRB- and 2 -RRB- the ice packs turned to liquid in about 2 hours . By the time hour number 12 came around , the wet cat food was room temperature and my cat would n't go near it .
 This product is OK if you 're only going away for a couple of days . I used it for about a week and now it is in he cupboard . I like the LeBistro Automatic feeder much better .
 I set this feeder up to try before leaving town . I froze ice packs & set for 12 hour feeding . It started rotating 12 hours later , then reversed 2 slots , then reversed again , & kept going back & forth non-stop . I finally just turned it off . When I took it apart to remove battery the ice packs were already melted & warm . I 'm glad I tested before leaving town because I would have come home to a dead cat .
 It worked for almost two days , then began failing to index properly with the food tray openings ... it would advance , at approximately the proper time , but would stop before the tray was fully opened . I tried the `` advance '' button -LRB- BTW , that has about a two-minute delay before it actually executes after pressing the button -RRB- , but the feeder constantly stopped midway between two tray openings rather than fully opening the next one . I tried a new battery , same result . This thing had potential , but it is poorly made , and not something I would ever trust to feed my kitty for even a day or two . I send it back to Amazon , and fully expect them to resolve the issue ... I think I have only done one Amazon return before , but it went well .
 We bought this to feed an outdoor cat . Either the cat or another animal ripped it apart the first night trying to get to the food . Absolutely money wasted .
 Ive tried 2 different auto feeders now and they were both completely worthless . I leave my dog all weekend long every weekend and he eats all his food in 5 minutes . So I buy the pet feeder ! He breaks into them both in a matter of less then 5 minutes and eats 3 days worth of food . I might as well just keep throwing it in a bowl . If anyone knows of one that dogs can not break into I am still in need on one ! Thanks
 The main drawback of this feeder is the timer only works in 6,12 , 24 hour increments which reset every time you auto advance the feeder -LRB- to say , fill the dishes with food . -RRB- I find this to be a huge inconvenience that takes away much of its usefulness and now feel that the extra cost of a feeder with a clock based timer would have been well worth it .
 Pros - attractive design that looks like it will be easy to clean - flip cover to protect controls from food - ice packs included , clever to have them under food dish - having read other reviews , I knew what to expect with the short battery wires , and it turned out to be not that bad.Cons - Very hard to get lid off , to get control unit out of center . There ought to be a handle or ridge or something . - LED does n't work - When I powered it on , the unit just would n't stop advancing . No matter what I did it just kept advancing and advancing ; tried turning it off then on , tried to see if different settings would work . Finally realized that by snapping the control unit down snugly into the dish , it actually jams the advance button into the on position . In order to get the unit to function properly , I ca n't push the control unit all the way down until it snaps , like it says to do in the instructions ; instead I have to sort of ride it loosely in there . Which means that the cover is much more likely to be lifted off by an inquisitive cat . The other advantage of riding it loosely is that it 's easier to get the cover off when it 's time to put in more food . - When using the `` advance '' button to turn the cover , the automatic-reverse `` unjam '' feature appears to be completely non-functional . I blocked the rotating cover with my hand and instead of reversing , it just stopped , which could potentially burn out the motor . I will try to test the automatic reverse when the unit is actually advancing on the timer -LRB- will have to run into the room 12 hours from now when I hear it going off :--RRB- . Was going to give it one star because I could n't get it working . Now that it 's limping along I will give it 2 stars . I do n't want to try to return it because of the shipping costs so I 'm going to give it a whirl .
 We 've bought several of these Lentek 6-day pet dishes in quick succession and keep facing motor malfunction -- the motor would fail to work at all ; or it would move verrrry slowly and stop before hitting the target area ; or it would advance two slots rather than one ; or it would advance in the opposite direction from how it 's supposed to turn ; etc. -RRB- There also is no way to purchase just a replacement motor ; you have to replace the whole dish/motor contraption.The concept of this pet dish is great , but after dealing with multiple machines ' motor malfunction within a span of a couple months total , we 're giving up on this dish and purchasing a different , 5-day pet feeder from Amazon instead .
 I bought this feeder on Amazon in early-July and by the beginning of August , we realized that the timing was off-schedule . For instance , last night my daughter filled it 7 pm ` ish and the opening advanced to the first intended feeding . Around 9 pm , we both heard it go off again , far less than the 6 hour setting we used . We 've heard and seen this occur first-hand on several other occasions , too.This renders the d *** thing completely useless for my two primary goals in purchasing it . First of all , our cat is obsessed with food . Despite everything I 'd tried so far -LRB- with input from the Humane League and our vet 's nutritionist -RRB- , anytime I was * conscious * and her bowl was empty for even a short while , she 'd yowl at me incessantly , especially if my daughter was n't around to divert her . I 'd had barely a moment of peace in my own home for over 6 months , and was truly on the verge of getting rid of her with occasional `` never-to-be-acted-on-fantasies '' of feline homicide.This feeder was my last hope , and I was clear with my daughter that the cat was never again to be fed by human hands so that hopefully the machine would become her `` food god '' and she 'd dissociate us from food -LRB- at least in large part -RRB- . It seemed to work for a while , but now that neither we nor she know when -LRB- or even * if * -RRB- she 's getting fed , she is again flirting with death or at least a new home , as the unceasing yowling has returned to rub my nerves raw.Second , we ca n't load it with larger servings and set it to 12 or even 24 hours , and go away for 3 + days , trusting that our cat will be fed at regular intervals . I do n't like her much , but I 'm an animal lover and have no desire to starve her , either . For all we know , she 's being allowed to gorge herself -LRB- which she 'll do 'til she vomits and then eat more -RRB- the first day or so , and going hungry for the next 2 + days . This was my other reason for buying the dish , so it 's useless for that purpose as well.The manual claims it is covered for 90 days , but do n't bother contacting the company by phone . I was on hold yesterday with only a recording for at least 15 minutes and no human being ever picked up the phone , so eventually I had to hang up and get on with my work/life . They clearly have n't a clue about customer service , and I would n't be surprised if they even intend this to frustrate and thwart consumers ' issues/returns .
 I appreciated the idea of the product , but my cat was too smart for it . If he wanted more food , he could just lift the turning lid with his claws and knock the turning lid off track , giving him access to the entire 6 days worth of food . Even after reading a review from another individual , saying that she did n't think her cat was smart enough to figure it out , he did , I did n't think mine was either ; I was wrong . I did up returning it . If the turning lid would n't have been able to be moved by my cat , I would have kept it .
 My cat is too smart for this product . The first week works fine , but she figures out after a week , she can just put her paw under the cover to lift the cover out and move the dish cover to other dish which contains food , after that , the motor will not turn the dish cover because the motor ca n't control the dish cover and the whole dish cover runs loose and moves freely . That is the design fault , if the manufacture makes the motor and dish cover engage more , even the smart cat ca n't open it.If you have a low IQ cat , it will work perfect for your cat .
 I bought one of these because I would be out of town for 2 days , and did n't want to pay for a cat sitter . The unit gets power -LRB- The LED turns on -RRB- , but the motor does n't work . Buy a different product .
 Put brand new batteries in it . As a test , I set it to change dishes after six hours -LRB- overnight -RRB- . It did not do it . So I tried another brand new battery and set it for another six-hour interval at 5:11 a.m. this morning . At 12:20 p.m. , when I returned home from an errand , it still had not changed dishes . It does not work . I 'm willing to give it another trial run this evening but based on what I 've seen thus far , I just blew $ 36 on an item that is worthless . -LRB- As an aside , I went to my local Petsmart with the idea of buying either one of two different automated feeders , retailing for $ 55 and $ 59 . The store manager told me to save my money and instead urged me to buy a $ 12 non-electronic autofeeder , the kind that looks like the self-filling water dishes . THAT spoke volumes to me . -RRB-
 Ordered two units but never recieved them . They said they wereshipped , UPS had no record of them . After a long hassle and alot ofemails and phone calls , I was told the manufacturer had no units.This process took almost a month for me to resolve . At this pointstill not sure if my credit card shows a refund . I had to call these people , because they did n't call me back.Amazon was n't much help either in this .
 I thought this was a great idea until I saw my cat pushing the cover around in the opposite direction ...
 I returned the product for 2 reasons . First of all it was cracked upon arrival . But even worse the safety measure supposedly in place to protect a paw from getting caught when the tray moves from 1 position to the next failed to work . I tested it with my finger to make sure it was safe . I had difficulty removing it . it clearly could trap a paw or even worse crush it .
 We purchases 2 units , one did not work at all right off . The return and exchange was smooth but then the replacement only worked intermittently . Decided to return both -LRB- see below -RRB- . Disappointingly we were deducted the shipping in the credit of both units despite one not working for the second time . Why should we pay return shipping on a defective product ? Beware what you try to buy over the internet.The units are very hard to manipulate , anyone with arthritis or hand motor skills challenges should consider another device . The battery connection cord is not long enough to pull the battery out requiring you to insert the 9V into the chamber and then hope to snap the leads on properly into a recessed hole without damaging the tiny wires.The motor is in a central hole that snaps into the base . Said `` snapping '' is an understatement , you really have to force the unit down onto the pegs . All of this stuff is plastic , you can not tell if -LRB- when -RRB- you cracked something . The alignment is not too bad but not the best ergonomically with no way to line it up with any kind if marker once it is in the hole -LRB- so hope you get it right and try again , and again -RRB- . Getting the central control unit out again is another worry . You have to pry your fingers under the lid and try to get both pieces up , no pull tab or finger notch . I dreaded refilling the bowls fearing when it would break or deflect.Benefits , if 6 , 12 , or 24 hours is all the setting you need then the controls are easy . My cats did not figure out how to open it and they are capable of opening tupper-ware snap lids , but then I had a hard time opening it.As I said , 2 of the 3 units tried did not operate properly . I can not take that kind if chance hoping my animals will get food . For the hassle with operation , not worth the money , especially since the flimsy plastic did not appear capable of holding up long term . The warranty does not cover `` abuse '' so when the tabs break I do not want to argue over what is defective design vs. perceived rough handling .
 When we returned from being out of town , the top of the feeder was off , all the food gone , and two very angry cats were glaring at us accusingly . I suspect all the neighborhood cats had a party at our feeder . It 's too easy to pry off the top . I am considering screwing in three flat L-shaped pieces of metal that could prevent an animal from prying off the top , while still allowing the device to turn and reveal the new food . But it 's too bad Lentek does n't make it more cat-proof already . I would only recommend this for old , weak indoor cats with no curiosity , and low appetite .
 This unit has no clock , only a timer . Feeding dish does not rotate at proper timer intervals and sometimes rotates two spaces at a time . In addition , you have to use a Phillips screwdriver to change the batteries , which is ridiculous . I bought two , and returned them both . We currently use theErgo 8-Day Auto Pet Feeder , which works much better .
 Trouble started with the first instruction in the manual . It is * very * difficult to remove the center timer module , which must be done to access the food tray . I am sure many buyers will break the cover trying to get the timer out . The battery leads are too short , making the battery difficult to install with secure connections . The manual states that when you reinstall the timer module , `` the motor will spin and lock the dish in place . '' Did n't happen on the unit I bought . The manual also states `` The Advance button allows you to rotate the cover manually . '' That function did n't work either . Needless to say , this went right back in the box to return to Amazon . The whole thing comes across like a first generation prototype , not a mature consumer product ready for mass production . I would never trust this product to aid in the care of an animal companion . Very disappointing , I give it an F.
 There must have been a wiring problem because it did not reliably switch trays . It would not work at all with battery cover on . We tried multiple batteries but that did n't help .
 Our cats are not particularly clever . But , they had this device open in no time . We have a cat mate device which in several years they have not been able to open . This device is just not usable for its intended purpose .
 This product works fine for 3 months and then the mechanism that rotates the dishes stopped working . It seemed liked a poor connection to the battery , but the 3 month warranty had already passed . So I was out of luck .
 I read all the reviews on this and ordered it because of the low price . It started acting up and not working properly within 2 weeks . My cat loved the double feedings but that was not the point . I ended up purchasing a PetSafe 5 Meal Feeder for twice the price at the local PetCo and it works great . It 's programmable and has not had one problem in the 3 weeks that I have been using it . Now I have to return the Lentek .
 Have had the Lentek dish for years and motor finally gave out . New one acts sporadically , not good to leave pets for weekend .
 I would not recommend this product to any pet owner . I had the feeder for one week before it broke the first time . When I recieved a new one that one lasted three weeks . The battery died once a week and 9v batteries are not that cheap . By the end of the third week with the second feeder it stopped operating completly . My cat got her paw pinched in the feeder when she tried to stop it because it just kept turning . It is a great idea for if you are going away or just to have your pet on a feeding schedule but I would suggest trying a different feeder .
 They could have done a way better job of constructing this . The timer starts the 6 , 12 , 24 hours the moment you turn it on so if you need it to go off at 5am you need to get up at 5am and set it otherwise it will go off whenever you first put it together and turned it on . They should have added a clock to fix that . You feel like you 're going to break it putting it back together because it does n't easily fit and click into place .
 It was cracked when I received it and it would not stop going around when I put the batteries in . Also it was very loud .
 It 's cheaper than other cat feeders which is why I jumped the gun and purchased this . However I ca n't recommend this product to anybody . Even though the individual components are designed well , the overall functionality is pretty bad.It 's not intuitive to use , and cats can easily defeat it and its motor . The battery does n't last very long.I was about to throw out the whole unit and remembered that I had n't left a review .
 I bought this cat feeder to use when I was going to be gone overnight . It was easy to program and looked like it was going to do the job . The cat had the lid off in less than 2 minutes , before I even left . Save your money . This would not work even for a really stupid cat .
 I could never get this to work . The dish would spin to one dispenser , stop for less than a second , then keep spinning to the next dispenser . Unfortunately I did n't get around to opening this until after it was eligible to be returned .
 The lid is to easy to get open ... the cat lifts up the lid and gets to all of the meals without difficulty . Poor design .
 I have had it for two days now to try and give my pet treat when I am not home to keep them occupied . After 48 hours of loading the battery and filling the dishes , the thing has not move at all . The light is on and blinking and it was set to run every 12 hours . My pets can smell the treats inside and one wanted to start trying to force it open . If it does n't open in 1 more day , I just may let him before I throw it out .
 I loved this cat feeder until it just stopped working right before i went out of town !! I am hoping its still under warranty . I will contact seller .
 my cocker spaniel snapped the lid off in 20 seconds to get to the other food . Might work well for a cat . It also has ice cube trays inside to help keep food fresh . you can set it to feed every 6-12-24 hours.Company charges a 20 % restocking fee on returns , plus you pay for shipping .
 I am really upset regarding this product . I bought it a month ago specifically for my Presidents Day long weekend vacation . I have been gone 4 days and this thing is opened in between 2 food trays and my 4 month old kitten is upset because he is hungry . Cheaply made and do not waste your money .
 my cat pushes the lid over to the next feeding on his own . he is eating more than he should . i would love to get my $ back on this . Strongly suggest you do n't buy this product !!!!
 The dish did n't go all the way around to give the full amount of serving it was a good thing I had a friend check in for me
 We had this product before and it worked amazingly for several years . This new one I ordered does not work at all however . The timer simply does not even open to the next portion ! Luckily Amazon is sending a new one . I hope this new one will work as designed !
 This product does not work for a dog . I put 2 meals in to try it out , and set the timer for 12 hours . The battery died in about an hour , and my dog got into both food trays . She was then overfed . I tried to not give this product ANY stars , but the screen wo n't let you get past if you do n't rate at least one star . It does not deserve ANY stars . I have seen this product in many places ... NOBODY should sell it !!!
 USED THIS A FEW DAYS , IT STOPPED WORKING , MY DOG WASNT GETTING ANY FOOD.WASTE OF MONEY . SO I TRIED CHANGING THE BATTERIES , STILL WASNT ROTATING !
 I normally do n't leave product reviews , but this is such a dud , that I feel compelled to warn others ! This does n't work.I read the instructions and followed the directions to assemble the product . -LRB- I usually do n't have problems putting things together ; I assembled my elliptical exercise machine myself . -RRB- Here are the problems with this feeder - the cover does n't cover -LRB- or reveal - whatever you prefer -RRB- properly , and the `` advance '' button -LRB- to mover the cover one cycle -RRB- is n't working .1 -RRB- The cover is misaligned - The cover does not properly uncover one feeding tray unit ; it uncovers most of one and part of the next . The motor unit locks into the base via some prongs/tabs -LRB- the motor can only be snapped into the base in one of two positions - at 12 and 6 -RRB- . The motor unit has a vertical slot for a tab one the feeder cover - so the cover hooks into the motor unit , so the motor will rotate the cover 's opening to the next food tray section . The slot on the motor is lined up improperly so that the cover does not line up well with the food tray sections . The cover opening uncovers most of one section and part of the next . This is n't good . I ca n't manually correct it by twisting a portion of the motor unit -LRB- it does n't seem to be adjustable and I do n't want to force and break it -RRB- ; the directions are brief and do not address misalignment ; and no one is answering the customer service number that came with the product . To be fair , it 's Christmas Eve , but this is n't a federal holiday , and most places are open .2 -RRB- There is no way to test to see if the motor even works -LRB- or maybe that feature is broken -RRB- - In spite of the cover problem , I want to try it anyway to see if the product works otherwise , but I ca n't . The motor timer has 3 options ; it 's supposed to turn the feeding cover ever 6 , 12 or 24 hours . There is also a button for `` advance . '' Since I obviously do n't want to wait 6 hours to see if this will work , according to the directions , the `` Advance button allows you to manually rotate the cover to the next feeder tray without changing the interval setting . '' So , I pressed it . Nothing . Power on ? Yes - little green light is flashing . Press `` advance '' again . Nothing . Hm . Directions say `` manually '' , so I try to press the button -LRB- disengage motor ? -RRB- and rotate top myself , manually . Nope , wo n't budge.So , the top does n't line up , the advance button does n't work , and `` customer service '' is an answering machine . No idea whether it will actually uncover another partial food tray at the next interval , so I 'll have to get someone to come over to feed the cat.If possible , I 'll update this post if I manage to speak to customer service . Out of the box , however , this is a dud .
 Why is it so ridiculously difficult to make automatic pet feeders that are reliable ? I have a light timer that comes on at almost exactly the same moment every day . My alarm clock goes off at the same time every day . My COFFEE MAKER can brew coffee at the same time every day . And yet , there does n't seem to be a way to make an automatic cat feeder that functions reliably every day . I have two cats who need food regulation . If I had two feeders that went off generally within a couple of minutes of one another , that would be great . Unfortunately with these , one was n't even OPENING reliably , then when I returned it for a new one , the other stopped opening at reliable times . Just randomly . WTF .
 Purchased this product for feeding cats on W/E as we gor to our house in VT each W/E . Instructions were very vague and obviously not written by someone who has a grasp of the english language . Because of vague instructions , this feeder did not feed my animals but starved them for 2 days . Well constructed , comes with ice packs and need a 9 volt battery . Has an on and off switch which is nice and you can electronically advance to a new feeding station . However , unless can deal with the vague instructions and have the timne to play with it , I would not buy this prodcut again if I want to feel secure that my cats were fed on a daily basis.I also found that the 6-12-24 hour settings are not convenient , and a clock setting that you can set -LRB- AM/PM -RRB- times would insure consistent feeding times .
 My cats had it open with a couple of hours ! It maybe worth it if you have a cat who is not inquisitive -LRB- do they exist ?!! -RRB- but it certainly was n't for me ! I love the idea and if anyone knows of an affordable feeder that works , I 'm all ears !
 This pet dish did not work as advertised . Our trusty cat - 1 , Lentek 6-Day Automatic Pet Dish - 0
 Not worth the money . The individual dishes are very small . Maybe if you have a cat this would work well but defiantly not for dogs .
 This product looks modern and sleek , but after the first week I noticed my cat left scratches on the plastic . I could not understand why so many reviewers could not figure out how to program this , or complained about needing to set the timer at a certain time.I assumed this product was working fine -- even went on a weekend trip . However , today , several weeks later , I noticed that my cat had somehow figured out how to get food out of the other compartments !! I am not sure how long this has been going on , but I am disappointed that I ca n't use this now -LRB- and am returning it -RRB- . Unfortunately , there are not many automatic cat feeders that have consistently outstanding reviews . I am going to give the slightly more expensive automatic feeder with the LCD screen , and voice message option -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005GJNFFC/ -RRB-
 Overall the idea is great . Setup your feeder and your good for 5 automatic meals . The reality is a little different . The timer ONLY has three settings . 6 , 12 and 24 hours . IT DOES NOT HAVE A CLOCK . That means that if you want to feed your cat at 6pm you have to be awake at 6am to set it . IT ONLY HAS A DOWN TIMER . It does not have a display to show you how many hours till feeding and no way to know how long after the last feeding . I was looking for a unit to make my feeding times easier to manage , not an extra series of complicated steps and early morning fancy footwork to get it to go off in the future.There is also NO WAY TO SEE HOW MANY TRAYS ARE STILL FULL . This may sound like a no biggie , but coupled with the down timer problem it means that you have to shake the feeder to see if there is still food in it and guess what that noise represents as feeding cycles left before refilling.Another problem is that the feeder advanced when you push the motor unit and cover down into place When your done refilling it.Apart from that major detail which is seriously underplayed on their description , it 's an ok unit . My cat zooms off to the feeder when he hears the motor.I would suggest you find a unit that has a clock with a display instead of this one as its crappy design introduced more timing problems then it 's worth .
 There are two big drawbacks with this feeder , both related to `` smarts ''
 I wanted to get an automatic cat feeder so that my cat would n't wake me up at 5 am , and also so that she could eat more regularly scheduled meals and lose weight . I really liked the idea of this since you get to pick the portion size , and I did n't have any problems with her trying to get to the next meal early . The problem I had was that the timer on this thing is totally off . Sometimes it worked fine , and other times it would n't feed her until hours after it was supposed to . Sometimes I was n't home when it was scheduled to feed her , so I had no idea that she had n't been fed until I heard it turning hours later . I could n't count on this to work properly , so I returned it and switched to the Crown Majestic . It was a little more expensive , but far more reliable .
 First off I feel like it was not an honest ad , I feel like it should say 5 day feeder , because the first tray is open so he starts with one empty . It said that it could hold 2-3 cups of food per container , but I can not even get one cup of dog food in each one . On top of that it has been really hard to use . When I turned it on -LRB- batteries not included -RRB- nothing happened so I assumed that it was set and 24 hours later it would rotate , instead it rotated 6 hours later , and then did 24 hours after that . I am assuming that it was tuned on and then turned off and maintained the original start time . It was very confusing . My dog sitter ended up not using it . I wish it had a way to say `` 24 hours from now '' but it 's doing its own thing . I do n't recommend this item .
 Glad I tried this out for a week before going on vacation because my cat would have starved . The exposed feeder compartment was unreliable . Although the battery is blinking , indicating it is working , the feeder only moved twice in 4 days -LRB- and was set to a 6 hour schedule -RRB- . A pet owner could unwittingly leave the house to find out the daily food dose was not exposed and their beloved pet did not get fed . I am tossing this .
 My cat figured it out in one day , and was able to get all feedings at once by moving the lid .
 Ordered this , received the product and it did n't work . The battery connection was faulty so the unit would n't operate . Sent it back , got replacement ... same issue . Ordered the Pet Safe brand unit . . perfect operation , no problems at all .
 Absolute garbage ... that 's where it ended upDo n't waste your money . It 's poorly designed , cheap plastic and does n't work well . Mine had far too many problems to list here . Very disappointed.Also note that it can only be set to feed every 6 hours ... Unfortunately this seems to be the state of Auto-feeders ... cheap materials used to manufacture it , high cost and poor performance . This is the second feeder I have tried -LRB- Petsafe was the other -RRB- only to find that it does n't work well at all .
 The cover rotates , not the dish - so the unit needs to be placed so your dog can reach it from all sides . This does n't work in my kitchen , I feed my dog at the end . It is also somewhat small . I have a small yorkie who eats 1/4 cup of small kibble . This unit would work for that quantify , if you have a bigger dog I do n't think it would work . I 'm returning it . It seems sturdy , so if the design works for you I would highly recommend it .
 It is poorly made and unreliable . Do n't trust this device to feed your pet . It will starve . It does n't allow you to choose feed times except in 12 or 24 hour intervals -LRB- which means if you want it to start feeding at a certain time you have to turn it on exactly 12 or 24 hours before that time -RRB- . It does n't open so that the opening lines up with the lid position . The cooling packs do n't do anything and food spoils .
 My cat is an early morning beggar , and expects to be fed again every time I walk past her food bowl . In an attempt to break these habits I bought this pet feeder based on the positive reviews . It was really wonderful for two months of daily use and then it stopped working . I thought at first it needed fresh batteries , but it is the motor . The Lentek warranty that comes in the box is good for 2 months , and I had owned it for 2 1/2 months when it broke . I know some customers have gotten more than 2 years of use with this feeder , so maybe I got a faulty device . My experience with this product is only worthy of 2 stars , but otherwise I would recommend it . I have not contacted Lentek yet , or tried to return it through Amazon , but I would like this product to be replaced or to be reimbursed . A two month return window seems unfair considering it barely lasted that long .
 This is actually the third time I 've ordered this product , because the first two only lasted a year each . Unfortunately , this last one seems to be be even worse than my other two . The second time I went to open it up to reload it , the center controller broke into two pieces . All the screws came out and did n't work right even after I tried to fix it . The convenience of the product is great - assuming it works - but it 's a worry that they 're made so cheaply that I ca n't even open it up twice without it breaking .
 I had one of these items for about 6 months for my adult cat and I loved it because he never tried to break in to the other compartments , but as soon as I got a 6 month old kitten and ordered a second one , the kitten broke into it on the first day . Not only did he eat all the food in all of the compartments while i was at work , but he also broke into my other cats dish and ate all of his food as well . needless to say , he ended up getting sick from eating so much food . Plus , he taught my adult cat how to get into it , so they both know how . I ended up just throwing both of them away since they ended up being worthless . if you have a cat that is motivated by food in any way , this is not for you because it is very easy for them to open up .
 This was nice when it worked , but it broke after about 6 months . My cat is on a strict diet for health reasons , and she has to have an exact amount of food per day - no more , no less . This feeder started acting really weird . Sometimes it would rotate a feeding section and then reverse two , or sometimes it would n't rotate at all when it was supposed to - allowing my cat to eat more than she 's allowed , or not feeding her at all . Very unreliable !!
 We bought two of these items for our two cats . We tried both items for two days prior to our vacation to a -RRB- make sure the items worked , and b -RRB- make sure our cats would use them . These items worked great for two days . We left on vacation , but when we returned seven days later , one of the two had advanced for only one day , and the other advanced for only two days . We thought maybe that possibly the batteries had died or the rotating disks on top were hung -LRB- which is not supposed to happen -RRB- . Nope , not the case . Both advanced when we pressed the advance buttons . Of course , it left a huge stinky mess as well , because the wet food sat in the containers all week . The items come with ice packs but these do n't last all week . We were very upset knowing that our cats went without canned food for five days . Thank goodness we had a backup of dry catfood for them to eat -LRB- they usually do n't care for the dry stuff -RRB- . The idea was great but the product needs lots of improvements . We would not try this product again .
 I purchased this item to use for my cat who is on a strict diet and needs 3 small meals a day . When I opened it up , I immediately noticed how flimsy the item was . Very thin plastic . The top did n't to attach to the bottom that well at all and left a gap.After I tried to program it , all it did was spin around and around opening to each compartment , it never stopped . I actually sent it back as defective .
 I should 've known when I first tried putting in the battery -LRB- when I tried to remove the battery , which is seriously difficult , it ripped off the metal contact point , wasting an expensive but otherwise new battery -RRB- that this product was no good . I figured since Amazon 's return policy is a bit of a pain , I would stick with it and see . Well , about 8 months of using it , it started developing problems ; it would turn halfway , then backtrack , then turn to the intended slot . Now , 10 months in , it completely ping-pongs back and forth -- and it wo n't stop ; I have to turn it off midway and then turn it back on so it will turn to the correct food slot . I figured no problem , I 'm still under the 1-year warranty -- wrong ! I checked the manual and they only offer a 90-day warranty . What ?! Had they offered a 1-year warranty AND I was out of that 1-year warranty , I would 've bought another one as a replacement . But the 90-day warranty is pretty worthless and shows they have no confidence behind their products . I 've already purchased the QPet Timed Automatic Pet Feeder -LRB- hopefully I wo n't have the same issues -RRB- . Other dislikes
 I bought this product for a vacation I was taking . Unfortunately , I received it too close to my departing date to give it a true trial . So I filled it up several nights before leaving and trialed it briefly . Well , all I can say is I am glad I had a neighbor check on the cat while I was away , to ensure the feeder was rotating ... it did not !!! I changed batteries several times thinking that was the problem . . no the product was just a piece of junk ! So I cleaned it out and shipped it back for a refund !!!
 I purchased this feeder after being unsatisfied with the Bistro feeder giving inaccurate amounts of food . Unfortunately , when I hooked a brand new 9V battery up to this feeder the power light would not turn on . After some adjustment of the leads I could get the power light to flash a bit , but it was still not enough for it to actually turn the feeder . Maybe I got a dud , but it sounds like I am not the only one . Why is it so hard to make a reliable automated cat feeder ?
 I used this device to feed my cat over a vacation and the device skipped days of feeding resulting in my cat getting significantly less food than she was supposed to . She was fine but rather angry with me.I have since tested this device by numbering the trays and checking to make sure that the lid rotated every 24 hours . The problem is that the lid is rotating randomly . Some days it would not rotate at all and others it would skip over 2-3 food dishes.I do not recommend buying this product as it did not reliably feed my pet .
 Wanted a solution for cat feeding for when I go away for 2-3 days , as my cat will eat in one sitting whatever food is left out . This seemed like a simple and not too expensive solution . However , I have found that it is not very reliable -- timer seems a bit off -LRB- 12 hours is more like 8 hours . Plastic not tood strong -LRB- only a small plastic tab holds the motor to the food dish . And , the feeder can be turned manually -LRB- by me and it turns out by my cat , too -RRB- . So ... unfortunately , I do not trust the feeder and will be looking for another solution . Money not well spent .
 It worked well for a few weeks , but now the cat has figured out that he can rotate the cover with his nose . I came home today and found the feeder completely empty even though I had filled it less than 24 hours ago -LRB- it 's set on the 12-hour feeding cycle -RRB- . After refilling it , I watched the cat clean out the open section , then gradually rotate the cover with his face to make another section available . I checked to make sure the cover was secured properly before watching the cat repeat his newfound skill . Time for plan B.
 This product has such severe design flaws that I am surprised Amazon is willing to sell it.I have two housecats and they figured out how to break into this feeder within six hours . It consists of basically three parts
 My problem was that my cat constantly meowed for her food , waking up anyone who was sleeping . We were also looking for a solution to feeding her when we go away without troubling the neighbors everyday . Because my cat is a glutton , she will eat any amount of food that is set out , so we needed a feeder with portion control.This feeder seemed to fit the bill and be exactly what we needed . It was very easy to se tup and worked as it was supposed to . However , the lid that tops the food is rather flimsy . If the center piece is not positioned exactly right , the devise does not work properly . And my cat figured out right away how to flip the top lid up . So now , every morning , she has helped herself to all five meals ! -LRB- Making her fat , and defeating the purpose . I have tried taping weight down to the cover to make it more difficult for her to flip up , but she still manages . And if I add any more weight , I am sure it will stress the motor , which sounds a little weak to begin with . So , sadly , despite it being a good idea , I am returning the product . When I called the manufacturer to report my problem , the CSR basically laughed at me . Owners of greedy or smart pets , beware .
 Our little 11 week old Boston Terrier was able to get into the dish almost immediately . The dish rotated properly and all , but the plastic was warped when we got it and the top did n't mesh or snap onto the bottom . The dog was just able to get it open in a snap.It is not worth the nearly $ 80.00 it took to order it and pay shipping.Don ' t waste your money .
 The product sucked . It was hard to insert batteries . It did not turn as it should have . The cold packs were insufficient .
 I purchased the cat feeder and thought it would be just great . As soon as I loaded all the sections , out cat promptly knocked the entire lid off including the timer . The design of the feeder needs to be attached in some way so the entire lid can not be removed by the cat . I subsequently boxed it up and returned it for a full refund . It was a good idea but a bad design .
 This worked beautifully for a few weeks , until my cat figured out not only how it works , but that he could push the lid and eat two to three meals at once . He 's a four year old male , so maybe your kitten could n't break in but he certainly can .
 Would only feed once and then never again and the time settings were messed up . Send back for a replacement . Replacement would also only feed once and then never again . Sent back for refund and got a different one with an actual digital timer and it works fantastic !
 My automatic pet feeder showed up the other day . I have to say that I am really disappointed with the craftmanship of this product . For one , its a pain to get the center motor snapped in and out of the unit each time it has to be filled with food . For two , the plastic cover over the center motor unit falls off each time I open it up . Overall it just feels very cheaply manufactured , I bet this thing lasts a couple weeks , maybe a month .
 As others have mentioned this unit has no clock . So since I want it to go off at 6:30 -LRB- 15 minutes prior to when I wake up -RRB- I have to turn it on at 6:30 . Then it only hold 5 days worth of food so when it 's empty I have to fill it , then be sure I turn it back on at 6:30 AM again . Very annoying .
 We ended up returning this product . It 's very hard to use , the food compartments might be too small for your pet -LRB- they really are not that big and we tried to feed a tiny Chihuahua -RRB- . The device is round so you need to make sure your pet can access it from all angles meaning you probably can not put it next to a wall , having your pet food dish in the middle of the room is not something we liked to do.The worst thing is that taking off the feeder in order to clean and refill the food compartments is just very hard , you need to simply apply a lot of force to release it and then putting it back is also very hard , it must be at a specific angle for some plastic clips on the bottom -LRB- which you can not see -RRB- and then you must apply lots of force to push it in . I would expect some smarter way that is easy to use for humans and not so much for pets.Returned this product .
 I have an overweight cat on a diet and thought this bowl would control his food intake . For the first few months it worked great and was happy my cats were getting a controlled amount of food , but in no time the motor burned out . I contacted the company to see if I could get a new motor , but they do not sell them by themselves you have to buy the whole food dish . I am not buying another food dish for 40 dollars for it to break in a few months . I was hoping they would honor their satisfaction guarantee and send me a new bowl or at least motor . I will not shell out another $ 40 to them to have it only last a couple months . very disappointed in them !! Bad customer service !! We did have other small issues with the bowl , but still like using . Sometimes it would get stuck on food and rotate back and then should clear to be able to open and it would n't rotate back and cats would miss a feeding . Cats faces would be in bowl as opened and I would be afraid whiskers would get caught , but what really made me made it having the motor burn out !! It 's not a cheap bowl to break so quick . Time for me to find anther brand which I hope it better .
 I can tell that you are supposed to snap the center piece down firmly in order to get everything to work properly , but I found it very difficult to pull out the center piece in order to load food , and impossible to snap it back into place properly . I threw it in the trash without ever having used it successfully -LRB- who can be bothered to try to return this sort of thing to the seller ? -RRB- .
 We put it out in the evening & set the timer for 12 hours . We even froze a few meals as was suggested by another customer . In the morning all the food was warm , not even a little cold . Do n't buy this if you want to use it for canned food . It will be returned .
 Dish operated well for a week then stopped . Looking up the makers and using the on line form they did not reply . After digging in the web site for an actual e-mail address Koolatron wrote back that it was up to the seller to handle the problem . After I replied that I got it from Amazon.com I was not contacted any further.I opened up the center drive hub deciding that I was on my own . There are no belts in this unit to fail . It is all gear driven back to a worm screw on the electric motor . Motor and switches all hard mounted to a printed circuit board and IC chip is cemented down . Banks of resistors and electrolytic capacitors would indicate that it works on a simple 555 type IC chip and is a countdown timer . Nothing looked obviously damaged -LRB- broken lead , bad solder joint , burnt up cap -RRB- and lacking further test equipment I re assembled it.I left the unit un-powered for several days having removed the 9 volt battery . On a whim I re installed the battery and it worked again . Perhaps a memory needed resetting via lack of power?Still working after another week , best of luck and do n't expect any help from the makers .
 I got this for wet food because it had ice packs for the bottom . Their is a flaw in the design . The motor key point does n't secure the rotating plate . Cat 's are very smart . After my car figured out that it was going to provide food . All she had to do was knock it off it 's keyed position . Free assess to all compartment .
 This feeder is terrible . I set it up , tested it , and left medication for 5 days for my cat . When I came back , it had moved one day only ! I tried it out again with worse results . The pin holes that have to line up to get top carriage to move , ca n't be felt or seen . I ca n't get it lined up . This product is poorly made and totally unreliable with possible serious consequences . DO NOT use this if you will be away . Using it to feed or medicate for your pet could have deadly consequences .
 I returned this product because the quality and features were below my expectations . I thought it would be more rodent proof than my old one , but it 's built really poorly . It did n't fit together well out of the box . The feeding options are limited . there is not a clock or `` start '' button , so it was unclear to me when the food would be available . After setting the unit up , i waited a couple hours for the unit to turn , and it never happened . the first section is always showing , so you have to leave it empty or have food available immediately.My mother bought one of these for her outdoor cats , and a groundhog completely destroyed it in one day . So it 's not rodent proof either .
 I initially ordered this product because it was inexpensive and would give me greater flexibilty to be away for more than an afternoon without paying someone to feed and medicate my dog . I have a large , picky dog that requires meds two times a day , so I thought this would be perfect . The shipping was excellent . It arrived a day earlier than scheduled , but when I opened the product box , I found it difficult to figure out . It 's NOT intuitive what-so-ever . Then when I finally figured it out , I discovered that the first compartment would not open and/or stay open on its own . It 's also very light , so that when your large dog is eating out of it , it will skirt around as they root in the corners for all the food.The company is sending me a new one that they say works . So hopefully my next review will be a better one.The customer service at As Seen on TV was very nice and accomidating . They get 5 stars ... but so far , not the product .
 This product does n't work . It is not worth the money . I ordered 2 of them and it and it was sent from `` as seen On TV '' products . When I received it , one of the two had a spring missing from one of the lids -LRB- on one side -RRB- the other seemed to be fine . I tested it out , but it never opened . I contacted `` As seen on TV '' and they told me to call the Manufacturer . I called the Manufacturer and they told me that I have to deal with where i purchased it . SO , I ended up sending it back , since it didnt work . They replaced them and send me 2 new ones . I received the new ones , AND SAME THING , One of the Two lids on one side was missing a spring that prevented it from popping up . The other seemed to be fine . AGAIN I tested it and set the timer , BUT IT NEVER OPENED ... . MY CATS STARVED FOR 2 DAYS > ... . They never got fed . When I called `` As seen on TV '' they claimed that it never happened before and that I shoudl send it back for a full refund . YOU THINK !!!! The first time I sent it back they sent me a pre-paid shipping label , but the second time , I had to pay to have it returned . DO NOT BUY IT !!!!! 4 ITEMS , ALL THE SAME PROBLEM >> >> DOES NOT WORK ... You are better off just buying extra bowls ... . The only reason I even gave it one star is because Amazon makes you give it at least one to review this . . It should have NONE
 This product never worked . When I tried to manually open it , the right side did not open properly , and would fall down , which could hit your pet in the head , if it worked at all . I set it and it never opened for several days . Do n't buy this product .
 Lid broken upon arrival . Tried to fix with duct tape to check it out . Fussy to set up with switches in three different places w hard to read labels . No feedback whether the timer is actually worked . Decided to shop for a different brand .
 This product does n't deserve any stars . I read the bad reviews for this product but thought I might get lucky so I purchased it anyway . That was a mistake . The product arrived in very unprofessional packaging . The product box was shipped loose in a used Cheez-It box . There was no additional packing material inside the box . When I open the product box it rattled from loose chips of plastic that had broken off the feeder . There was also a long crack in the plastic lid over one of the compartments . I inserted a battery to see if the feeder still worked but nothing for 2 days straight . The light in the feeder would flash but the feeder never actually released . The compartment lids do n't appear to have any springs so I ca n't imagine this product would ever work even if it were not chipped.This product feels like a total scam to me . Do not buy this product . I 've always had such good experiences with Amazon and because this product was listed on Amazon I expected the same quality . I will never look at Amazon in quite the same light again . I wonder why they even associate with such low quality vendors .
 Brand new batteries and this product worked for about 20 minutes , then never worked again ... even with a fresh set of new batteries . Repeat
 In December 2002 , I purchased the pet chime and paw & two additional paws . I was extremely satisfied with them until the past couple of weeks . In the past couple of weeks 2 paws have stopped working for unknown reasons and repeated emails and phone calls have gone unanswered by Lentek . They 're great , IF THEY WORK !
 Worked once from 1 foot away . Did not work from 15 ' away . Then stopped working altogether . Here 's what I did : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Returned it . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Went to hardware store , got a wireless doorbell button and chime for half the price , which DID work from 15 ' away . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Mounted button on back door , taped a paper plate over it . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Now training pooch to just nudge the plate with her nose .
 The paw works but the quality is very low . It is made out of cheap plastic and I found paper stuck inside . The bell rings randomly as others have noted . The random ringing happens if the button gets stuck down . It does n't always pop back up after it is pushed . It is n't even waterresistent for those thinking of putting it outside.The intercom part works fine and seems to be of decent quality . The barking option is just irritating though .
 Before I bought this doorbell , my pet beagle had the awful habit of clawing at the outside door to get our attention . He practically ripped the door apart , so I looked for an alternative . I received my pet doorbell several weeks ago , and was thrilled with the idea that I did n't have to keep repairing the door . The product itself looks exactly the way it does in the picture , but I discovered problems with it right away . I first tried to ring the bell with it on the ground . It did n't ring . I thought it was broken , then I noticed it rang when it was n't on the ground . So I tested it over and over again to figure out what angle it needed to be at to ring . Then I realized it also would n't ring if the receiver was n't placed in the right spot -LRB- relative to the doorbell -RRB- . I decided to attach it to the door with some nails , and discovered my dog could not press the button with the paw facing up on the door . So I turned the paw over -LRB- toes facing the ground -RRB- , and it would n't ring . So I tilted it at an angle using 2 other nails . It seemed to work for a while , but it was n't consistent . At this point , I really did n't want to return it because my dog had been using it diligently -LRB- and the door was no longer getting ripped apart -RRB- , so I tried testing out the angles once again . I realized it worked if I let the battery hang outside of it 's compartment - it seems ridiculous , but it worked -LRB- finally -RRB- . So now it is on my door to the yard , upside down at an angle , held up by 4 nails , with the battery -LRB- and the wire -RRB- hanging out . Eh , oh well ... at least everytime I hear the doorbell ring it makes me smile .
 This pet chime was a good idea , but I am sending it back . Sometimes the chime wo n't ring and at other times it rings on its own and worst of all it starts ringing and wo n't stop . Clearly the manufacturer needs to work on quality control .
 Brand new product , brand new batteries and the bell would only ring intermittently even with the paw and receiver right next to each other . Do n't waste your time on this poorly developed product . I 'm heading to the hardware store to purchase a remote doorbell that I 'll rig up instead . Furious that I wasted my time , and trips to the store to buy batteries and a TINY little screwdriver to open the battery case . Absolutely ridiculous .
 I have been trying to get my dogs to press it before they go out but it does n't help that first it does n't get the advertised range and second does n't always work when the dogs do try to hit the button . I wanted to be able to place the doorbell closer to the middle of the house but instead I have to keep it within 10 ft. Anywhere outside of that and it wo n't work . The only possible explaination outside of it being faulty is if there is interference that I do n't know about .
 I thought this was just great for the first month . But after a couple rain storms , as others have said , the PAW sticks and it 's unreliable . It will continue to BARK OR RING , depending on how you 've set it , CONSTANTLY . I 've thrown my out ; it was way too annoying .
 I had this less than 2 days and the button on the paw pad would stick causing it to chime over and over until the button is pushed again . Then it started to randomly chime by itself . Thinking it was the batteries , I added fresh new ones , but the problem still exists . Since it continued waking me in the middle of the night I have discontinued using and it 's been less than 3 weeks since I purchased .
 worthless piece of junk . Never worked properly . Did n't work most of the time , kept getting stuck when it did . We finally threw it in the trash .
 Worked great for 2 weeks , dog easily used it , perfect , no problem . Then suddenly the paw started to be inconsistent , then stopped altogether . Tried new batteries , adjusting etc. . Nope its done . I 'm not gon na bother to return based on other posters comments . I will go back to using a &#34; human &#34; wireless doorbell from the hardware store . Those do work better but the concern is that the battery compartment is a pop open , unlike the paw which screws shut . If the dog pops open the doorbell and eats the battery , yikes ! So , I am hoping like others someone will build a better doorbell . If the paw had worked it would have been great , but the quality is just too low .
 For the first several weeks , after my dog figured out how to use this product it was great . Unfortunately , after about 2 months it started acting up , where the receiver would chime at random times . As you can imagine this was quite annoying , and essentially made the device useless.I do n't recommend it .
 We really liked the idea of the product , and when we first set it up , it seemed promising . After having it less than a month , the button randomly sticks and starts `` barking '' randomly throughout the day . Of course , this completely confuses the dog and makes it a useless teaching tool .
 I just got this from Amazon - working on returning there is no range between the PAW and doorbell chime . Even at 2 - 3 feet away with brand new batteries it seems to have issues . I thought it would be more usable than a hanging bell and easier to install with less holes and hardware . The PAW is more like a toy so you have to mount it and since there is no range u have to mount the reciever directly above it . With the range of the one I have it would of made sense to combine the two .
 I read the mixed reviews but went ahead and purchased this item to give our labradoodle an alternative to scratching at the door . The wireless paw did not work further than 16 inches from the receiver . This prevents you from placing the paw outside and the receiver inside , or even from putting the chime on a table with the paw on the floor . The volume on the chime is so low that it 's less audible than my dog scratching outside . Very disappointing .
 This product seemed very interesting to me and I love the concept , but after a few days it would start going off on its own , which drove us all nuts . I also have a big dog -LRB- a Great Dane -RRB- and she actually learned to use it , but she ended up kicking it around because it is fairly light weight . Not my best investment .
 After seeing a video of a pug using this doorbell to get out I thought it would be a great way to train our pug to let us know he had to go out . We attempted training him on it for a good 3 months before accepting that he just was n't going to get it . It did n't work for dog , but that does n't mean it ca n't work for yours . In theory , this is a great idea , but I think it just needs the right dog.L
 This product does not work , your dog will pee on the carpet waiting for you to open the door . It only rings about 50 % of the time buttom is pushed even with the receiver 5ft away . A piece of junk made in China . I am sending mine back for a refund .
 I gave it 1 star because there is no option to leave less than 1 . This product is great when it works . Which is where the BIG problem is.If you spend time , and are a bit mechanical , you can get it to work for a little while.CUSTOMER SERVICE IS REALLY BAD BAD BAD . THEY WO N'T EVEN ANSWER THE CALLS . The first time I called I got to talk to someone . She was very short with me and claimed she had a customer call to answer -LRB- What was I ?! -RRB- so she had to hang up . Since this call to them I ca n't reach anyone . I leave messages and never get a reply . It 's been months!It looks cute . And the comments from guests are fun.It 's poorly made . Does not stand up to outside weather.It 's a fabulous idea if they would make it to stand up to the kind of use it gets.I made my own version prior to finding this product . I 've gone back to my home made version.My advise is to go buy a wireless doorbell and make your own instead of wasting your time and money on this company.In my experience : KOOLATRON COMPANY DOES NOT SEEM TO CARE ABOUT YOU OR YOUR PET . DEFINITELY DOES NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCT.IT SEEMS TO ME THEY CARE AS FAR AS GETTING YOUR MONEY AND YOUR PHONE NUMBER TO PUT ON THEIR `` DO NOT ANSWER '' LIST .
 I got this product because my dog was trained to ring bells hanging from the front door but I could n't always hear them depending where I was in the house . This seemed like the perfect solution ! It is a good volume and easy to use but I 've had a very hard time getting the dog to ring it before she goes outside !! The bells she recognized that she was creating the sound , but the door chime is in another part of the house and she does n't seem to realize that she is making the sound when she steps on the paw ... I also have trouble with my cat laying on it when he 's looking out the window by the front door and it going off constantly until I go and shoo him away !
 It worked great for one week and then went to a continuous barking upon depressing the paw pad . Only way to shut it up was to take out the batteries . We tried new batteries three times . It was a great waste of about $ 40.00 -LRB- w/extra paw pad -RRB- for one week of training and the confusion for my two dogs when we went back to our old method . DO NOT PURCHASE unless you have money to throw away .
 Great idea , my dog learned how to ring the bell but it stopped working intermittantly after a few months and then the button started to stick-we heard the ringing continuosly . Again , great idea but need to be made better and they need customer service to replace them.Now I hang large Christmas bells by a rope both inside and out and my dog rings them .
 Very unreliable . Never worked correctly , even straight out of the box . Sometimes it rang , sometimes it did n't . We never took it outside , as some other reviewers tried , so it was never exposed to the weather . Also , it did n't matter how far away the unit was . Eventually , it quit completely .
 Once I received this item I went right out and bought all new batteries and set it up . Within probably three days of little to no use ... it stopped working altogether . Do n't waste your money .
 I 've spent hours trying to teach my Pug to press the button ; I started trying to teach him when he was a puppy . Even the dog trainers have tried . We 've tried rubbing it with meat and peanut butter . I 've tried pressing it every time I we go outside . He still only tells me he wants to go out by standing by the door and staring at me , which is not good if I 'm asleep in the other room .
 I 've bought just about every kind of hoof pick I 've seen over the years . This one -LRB- same as the Equestria brand pick -RRB- is by far the most comfortable to use and the blade is easy to work around the hoof - much better than the $ 1 plastic picks with the brushes on them.BUT it is the only pick I 've ever had that has broken
 I purchased this item based on reviews , but after only limited use the metal pick started bending when used to pick out a horses hoofs . Fails to perform as designed .
 I still have not received this item . I have had no contact with the company either . My next step is to contact the credit card company and cancel this and report it .
 It hardly picks up any cat hair ; and what it does pick up is hard to remove efficiently . What works well for cat hair on furniture , towels , their bedding , MY bedding , etc. , is a double-sided red lint brush made by Evercare . Every time I have tried something new , it is never better than the Evercare .
 This one is also very expensive and too small . I can , t use it with my big aquarium . Sealer should but the actual size in amazon website .
 I got this for my parakeet . She hated it . She would n't put it on for me , and she screeched and bit it furiously . But it all depends on whether or not the bird 's willing to stand for this . the only way to get it on is to manhandle it if it 's a small bird . The bigger ones just might bite your head if you bend down to fix its feet ... And they can wriggle loose . i feel bad whenever i put it on my bird . she looks lopsided and walks like a drunken monkey
 Terrible product . Say 's it 'll fit conures , I have a green cheek , she 's quite a bit smaller than your average sun conure . Her name is Kira she let 's me man handle her most the time , I lift her wings and play with her feet and she 's easy going about letting me touch her most the time . However , she wanted to have nothing to do with this product , it was literally IMPOSSIBLE to get it on her . Not to mention it seemed way too small , I know I never got it on her to be for certain and I understand it needs to be well fitted so it does n't slip off and they ca n't easily pull it off , but it seemed rather unreasonably small . Very disappointed , dunno how I 'm going to take my bird outside this summer , really do n't want to clip her wings , seems abusive to me , but this product seemed worse .
 This is one of the least dusty cat litters I 've tried , and for that reason I tried both Super Scoop and Multi-Cat before giving up on Arm & Hammer litter . Unfortunately , I have nothing else good to say about this litter.The Arm & Hammer litter does n't clump firmly . In fact , it seems to be somewhat water repellent . Instead of being absorbed into a clump , the urine spreads out over the top of the litter in a shallow puddle , which often means the cat gets his feet very wet , distressing him and disgusting me . -LRB- And just in case you think this is my fault
 Let me start off by saying I 've had cats for all but , maybe 4 years of 30 years.Five days into this litter , that should have lasted a least a month , judging by competitive brands , I was hit by the strongest smell of ammonia I have ever smelled in my life -- it burnt my nostrils -- it was that strong . I tried to quickly scoop all the bad stuff away , only it became clear that IT WAS ALL BAD.As other 's had mentioned this litter DOES N'T clump like even the cheapest of brands rather it spreads contaminating the entire litter pan . After 10 mins and two scoops -LRB- yes , this litter actually broke a scoop -RRB- and a half of a box of the Arm & Hammer litter freshener powder -LRB- yes , I 'm aware of the irony -RRB- I was some what confident that I had enough decent litter to add the rest of the box to . It was only after I did this that I realized , by the color difference , that in spite of my efforts the entire pan of litter had become contaminated . Not having the time to deal with it I assumed that it would be acceptable to my male and female cats . And it was , for exactly two days . Yesterday I walked into the bathroom -LRB- where I keep the pan -RRB- and right away noticed the nostril burring ammonia and the fact that one of the cats had left a present on the floor in front of the pan . I , right there , had enough with this `` product . `` I bought this stuff because I did n't have time to go to Walmart to get their usual litter . And after trying literally every other brand 's `` scoopable '' litter - ` Fresh Step , ' ` Tidy Cat . ' ` Cat 's Pride ' name it I 've tried it - this was the only brand I had n't tried ... I was in a pinch and boy did I get burned . Lesson learned - I will buy multiple months of their usual litter from now on . It 's Walmarts house brand `` Special Kitty '' that stuff is cheap , like $ 7 for 28 pounds , and honestly it 's the best litter I 've ever used - and believe me I hate saying that as I belive Walmart is the devil.As for this stuff . I 'm just at a lose . I ca n't believe a company as big as ` Arm & Hammer ' have gotten away with selling such a horrid product . I 'm even more stunned that two people actually give this stuff a favorable review . I 've concluded that this is the only litter they 've tried -- that has to be it.Bottom line ; Sometimes in life you get what you pay for . Sometimes in life you get more then what you pay for . An then they 're those rare occasions , such as this one , in which you fail to get what you pay for . It 's insistences like this that infuriate consumers who feel cheated out of their hard earned money and for which have very little recourse . And it 's precisely this feeling that lead me to write this review of a product that I did n't buy on this site . But I do so in the sheer hope that no one who reads this review is duped into buying this inferior product . Especially when you consider they 're so many alternatives -- better alternatives .
 Smell is n't too bad but when cleaning the box , especially where the cats have urinated , the litter sticks to the scoop like wet cement . It also adheres to my cat 's paws .
 I have one cat and two litter pans . For the first few days this litter performed well and my cat liked it , however , after less than a week it developed a strong sour animal shelter stink that quickly pervaded my house and offended both of us . My cat would stick her nose in a pan and sneeze violently before leaving . It became clear she was holding herself rather than use it so I quickly found another brand.I must mention these litter pans are cleaned promptly every time the cat uses them so they are both near immaculate most of the time . I gave this litter a point for low dust but it had really poor odor control . It was closer to odor amplification .
 Although it seems to clump well , it is a very dusty product -LRB- all versions that I tried -RRB- , despite the claims on the box . After using it a while you will notice a layer of dust on surrounding horizontal surfaces . You also breathe the dust when you clean your cat 's litter box .
 This litter is pretty cheap as well as readily available , but I hated it . It does n't clump very firmly at all , and I ended up needing to change out the whole box after only a week or so -LRB- I normally do this much more rarely -RRB- because the broken-up clumps became evenly distributed throughout the box and the whole thing smelled . It 's pretty lightweight too and scatters easily .
 The reason this is called SUPER SCOOP is because you literally need a SUPER SCOOPER to dig the litter off the bottom of the tray . It does n't clump like good quality cat litter does , it turns into more of clay substance and it sticks to the sides and bottom of the pan making it impossible to scoop . It basically turns into one rock solid chunk of unscoopable matter . Definitely not meant for multiple cats and definitely will NEVER buy this litter again . I usually go with TIDY 's in the giant 30 pound buckets but I could n't find any on Amazon so I ordered two of these , I figured $ 9.99 for two boxes of litter , how bad can it be . One of the boxes busted open during shipping so it made a mess when I opened it . I use one box per small litter pan which fills it up pretty deep to prevent them scraping the bottom of the pan . It 's dusty when you first pour it but after they use it two or three times , it turns into a damp smelly mess . Definitely does n't mask the smell very well . I 'm going back to TIDY 's , I recommend anyone thinking of buying this to do the same .
 As you know cats have their noses in everything , I bought arm and hammer cat litter and found that it had a lot of dust in it . The dust got in my cats lungs and I had to take him to the vet because he could n't breathe . He was put on antibiotics , He got so bad I thought he was going to die . Both my cats are inside .
 This is the worst litter I ever used . My cat hates it too . It smells awful even just 1 day after refill .
 I thought this was a much bigger box , as I did n't have my old box around to check quantity . Boy was this expensive . I can get the bigger box for like $ 11 at my local bodegaThis was the most expensive litter I have every bought . Buyer beware !!!!
 We bought this litter for two new cats we adopted . It was on sale so we thought we would give it a go . I had always used another brand in the past with my cat who recently passed away so I thought trying a new kind would be no big deal at all . As soon as we started using it , the smell was almost unbearable . The cats would not even go near the litter box and the smell of this litter was making us sick to our stomach . I seriously thought there was something wrong with the litter . Possibley a bad batch ? But I went back to the store and smelled another box , and it was the same . Never again . I changed back to my old brand and all is normal and the Cat 's are happier than ever . I do not recomment this product at all .
 I have to agree with other reviewers . The odor control and clumpability of this product leave a lot to be desired , especially in the corners of the box . If I fail to clean the box out for a day , the corners become super-saturated because that 's where my cat prefers to winky tink , and it stinks to high heaven.The litter itself is unfragranced , which is absolutely essential as the fragranced products give me a migraine . I 've switched to the unfragranced Multi-Cat Arm & Hammer litter . It controls odors a lot better without adding an obnoxious odor of its own .
 My old cat has been sing this litter formula forever , refuses to use anything else . I am satisfied . The smell is minimal and the routine is acceptably hassle-free . its the subscribe and save service that is a disaster . I went for it a few months ago , and after a few disasters , I am considering canceling it . Twice it came in a box that 's been torn and mishandled
 One of the worst I 've tried as far as odor control is concerned . Clumps well , but that 's about it . I 'll try one of the scented kinds next .
 I purchased this brand at a local store . I will never buy it again.It did n't clump and the residual smell of the clean litter was horrible . Muddy and weird smelling . Here I am thinking that the Arm and Hammer name would make a great litter that had baking soda in with it . They came up with it but it 's not good.The smell is sort of like a mildewy wet litter/powder smell.I 'm sticking with Scoop Away .
 Arm & Hammer Super Scoop Clumping Cat Litter Is The WORST !!! It does ` nt clump it seems to hold moisture & stinks to high heaven . It also has scented perfume in it , combine that with the lovely smell of cat feces stuck to the rack of my litter maid and you get the picture !! Do n't waste your money . Arm & hammer really has nerve to sell this garbage as clumping cat litter .
 I agree with the other reviewers . This product is just like old kitty litter ... no clumping whatsoever . You wo n't be able to scoop any clumps . The urine-soaked grain just pours through your scooper . I ca n't believe they call it `` Super Scoop '' . Major fail .
 This is really not a good litter at all . I used it briefly when I first adopted a cat . It clumped fine , but did nothing to cover the smell . Anything arm & hammer I 've tried other than their plain baking soda has been very disappointing . You can check my reviews for better . Fresh step was much better at clumping and covering the smell . I would recommend precious cat now due to the large amounts of dust from fresh step .
 I thought A&H ; would have the best cat liter to fight off unwanted scents . WRONG !! lol . I usually buy Fresh Step but A&H ; was on sale so I bought it . The scent of the litter stinks , and as soon as I walk in the house It smell like poopy yuck!I NEVER had this problem with Fresh Step NEVER ! I 'm going back to what works . I only have one back and his litter box should not smell like I have 4 cats .
 I specifically ordered this plant because it looks so realistic in the photo , I open the package and it 's pearly and bright green , one color , just horrible . Going straight in the trash .
 I have been buying Blue Dog Bakery , Peanut Butter and Molasses dog treats for over three years . My dog did love them , but since the recipe changed he wo n't eat them any more . I noticed that they did n't smell the same and that each individual biscuit was harder than rock . I thought they were old stock or stale and returned them to the super market where I bought them and got my money back . I tried them again from a different super market and found out the old and stale smell and feel of the dog treats was in every box I bought . I returned them all again . I went to the ` wonderful and friendly ' Blue Dog Bakery website and contacted them by using their web form email for contact with the company . I wanted to find out why they ruined a wonderful product . The website claims that they will get right back to you regarding your comments and concerns . Have n't heard a word from them to this day . How is that for great customer service ? I have gone back to good old dependable Milk Bones and my dog is happy and I 'm actually saving money rather than buying those stale over priced dog treats from Blue Dog Bakery .
 The entire box of treats was so hard I had to hit them with a hammer to break them small enough for my 60 lb dog to eat .
 I 'm surprised at how many people have given these cookies a high rating . They are huge . One I just pulled out of the box is 3 inches long by 2 inches wide . I use treats to train my puppy and reward good behavior . The StarMark Clicker literature suggests using a treat the size of a navy bean ! Dogs do n't really seem to have any concept of size , and treats are for training not supplementing food . If I try to break these down in size , a good part of the cookie turns into unusable crumbs . Also IMPORTANT
 My 2 dogs will accept these treats with a look of '' ... and what am I supposed to do with this ? '' They walk away slowly and then drop the biscuit . They do eat them , but with distain . One of their least favorite treats .
 I have two dogs and one of them did n't like the treats at all . She refused to eat any of them no matter how small . My other dog , who will eat anything -LRB- and I mean that ! -RRB- loves them . So I wo n't purchase them anymore since I want something they both like
 My dog loves these treats and they smell so good ! I 've tried three different stores and ca n't find them anywhere . Too bad no one from the Marketing Dept. reads these reviews ; maybe they would start carrying them again . I 'm very disappointed I can no longer buy these treats .
 The flightliners are almost the same as women 's `` Always '' , so actually there is no need for them . If they would have been made in a different way , I believe they would be much more comfortable to use . Because using these liners the avion fashion suit still gets dirty , so ...
 I bought 4 of these and I 'll probably end up throwing them away . The little teeth are good but the thimble part is so small and the plastic they made it out of is so thin that a suction gets created when you try to pull it off and it 's a little like the chinese handcuffs I had as a kid - the harder you pull , the harder it is to get it off . Nobody tried them before they decided to freeze the design , I guess .
 Pretty cheap , but pretty useless . So small and hard , if you leave them on the floor they will either end up under the nearest furniture , or getting underfoot and it is a foot breaker !!
 This product is a thin base metal wire spring with cheap paint that chips off . The edges are sharp . This is not the plastic spring made by Spot . These are going back .
 Nicely made , nice colors . And the cats could n't care less . Not a hit at my house . They do n't even touch them .
 My cats both love spring toys that I 've purchased a pet store that 's pretty far away from my house , so I figured I 'd try these out as the image looks exactly the same as the ones they have . The product looks pretty different , and is a thinner gauge of plastic that seemed more flexible and possibly still fun for them.They both definitely had fun with the toys , but within a few minutes of not too rough play , the springs started to break apart and the cats started to try to eat the pieces . Luckily I was supervising them -LRB- as with any new toy -RRB- , and was able to get the pieces away from them.Definitely fun for most cats , but I 'm very concerned about the safety of this product . Please supervise your animal if you do choose to try these .
 I do not recommend these thin springs at all especially for kittens in particular . My 12 week old kitten started to lose weight and failing to thrive when he was always the largest and strongest of a litter I am fostering . A barium study revealed 5 broken pieces of these springs in his GI tract which will now have to be removed either endoscopically or by surgery if the pieces migrated to his intestines . This would have killed him and/or caused perforation if not caught in time . I ca n't tell you how much I regret buying these toys . These kittens were carefully supervised for a month during playing before the one kitten ingested them a few days ago.UPDATE : My kitten is doing great now and we were lucky the pieces did not move beyond his stomach . I wanted to clarify that my kitten swallowed pieces of the Ethical WIDE Colorful Springs Cat Toy and Ethical THIN Colorful Springs Cat Toy which were both plastic . The thin and narrow version is brittle and do not coil and spring back like the wide version . They also broke easily . Despite the breakage , I do n't believe my older cats would have ingested the pieces like my kittens . However , I do not want to take a chance moving forward with the wide coils either and wanted other pet owners to be aware of the potential danger .
 I also purchased these for my cats , and they did start to break . As soon as I saw my cats start to put the pieces in their mouths , I threw them all away . My vet bills are high enough -LRB- I run a shelter for special needs cats -RRB- . If you ca n't watch your cats while they play with these , DO NOT buy them .
 This product was a complete washout . The pictures were misleading . Not a single cat -LRB- and we have many -RRB- even looked at these springs . This is not a cat toy in my opinion .
 The pads were much smaller than advertised -LRB- 15x22 perhaps -RRB- and they are not very absorbent AT ALL . The product got two stars due to how cheap it is ... but the product definitely reflects the price .
 The size was acceptable for my cat but they leak all over the place . They also drip as you try to dispose of them . I am now using 3 pads at a time which really cuts down on the bargain price !
 There were not absorbent enough for a dog . They wo n't be absorbent for a puppy . I had to use twice as many as normal and was not happy w / the results . The pad leaks and if you do n't put two or three pads on top of each other , the floor gets wet .
 I received an item that is not at all what this company shows . The item that is being advertised look like Prevail liners . Prevail have the light green backs . I had originally canceled the order the next day after I placed the order due to not hearing from this company regarding the order . . not even a confirmation email . They then sent an email the next day stating that they shipped the order , regardless of me canceling it . I received the box and , in good faith , decided I would keep it . I could n't belive what I saw when I opened the box . I found these tiny little blue pads , sort of like paper towel material ! I have been so ripped off ! The package is going back !!
 These pads are too thin and do n't absorb . Great price but I had to order new ones after 1 week of use with these , because they just are n't adequate .
 So disappointed the pads you get do n't even look like the picture advertised , they are so thin and smaller thanwhat they are suppose to be , very disappointed . : -LRB-
 These pads are thin , deceptively thin . I had to use two pads folded in half with the absorbent pad half on the bottom of the doggy pee station/tray and half on the top . Is this saving me money , hell no and I recommend that you look elsewhere for your pads . I can not imagine that the pads sold by other discount suppliers are worse for absorbing liquid . I also tried twice to post my discontent directly on the vendor 's website with no success so I am turning to Amazon to make this happen . The point is you will not receive a product that lives up to the implied advertisements .
 This is a horrible product . Should not be sold on Amazon or anywhere else as wee wee pad . Very very thin , non-absorbent and is totally not fit for intended purpose . Do n't let the price fool you . A lot of the pads even have empty spaces where there should be padding . They are virtually useless .
 Wish I had read the other reviews more closely . I 've been buying absorbant pads for 5 + years for cats who miss the box . I do n't think they could make a thinner less absorbant pad ! I 'll go back to Northsupply which is still less than my local drug store .
 they r 2 small , dont hold liquid well at all.must use about 4 the liquid 2 hold . so the 300 , did n't last me at all .
 These pad are thin and not absorbant at ALL . When wet it goes right through the backing . I had to change them 5x as much as the others I have tried .
 Pure Chinese made junk , a paper towel has more absorbency than these pads . hold them up to the light , little or no absorbant material ,
 While these pads look like what you could get at a pet store or Wal Mart I was a bit unhappy with the size of them when I unpacked them . Sure enough they measured 15 '' X 22 '' . Not 17 '' X 24 '' . While 2 '' may not seem a lot , add them together and you come up 4 '' shy of available surface area . I also notice that the shipping weight on the box states 13 pounds not 20 pounds , this company charges a handling fee plus a per pound charge for shipping . So I got pads that were smaller then they were suppose to be and I was over charged on shipping . I will not be doing any further buisness with this company .
 Compared to other pads these were on the cheap side . There 's a reason they were n't that expensive -LRB- although they certainly get you on the shipping costs -RRB- . We found them to have a bit of leaking due to the cheap absorbant material .
 I guess the price was too good to be true . One small `` pee '' by my Maltese resulted in the entire pad being soaked . Other wee pads are able to contain the urine without it spreading . This resulted in having to change the pad with each void . Never again !
 They are much cheaper because they are super thin . The ones from other brands , or even just Petsmart cost about twice as much , but are about 3x as thick . You can see through the padding to the plastic on these . If you have a puppy toy dog they may be fine , but for normal sized dogs they 'll overflow it much too quickly .
 I have been through alot of different pads , and not downing these , but in my experience , with these and any other pads , you get what you pay for . These do the job , and all the ends are sealed , so that is a plus . On the other hand they are thin , just remember that when purchasing .
 Company refers to these as wee , wee puppy pads which makes you think you are getting the original `` WeeWee pads '' ... NOT !!! They are soooo thin , leakage big time . Suitable for a 4 pound dog . Mine weighs 12 pounds and they are not absorbant enough . Cheap is expensive .
 I have never bought wee wee pads that were so thin , pee goes right through the plastic ... I am very dissapointed ...
 I liked the price of the pads nut they seemed to me to b thin.But buying the tray helped
 Very disappointed with these pads . Not as absorbant as I am used . The price was good , but the quality was n't .
 These pads are SMALL , I measured the area where the absorbant part is and it 's 12x19 not 17x24 . I have to tape two of them together for my pug and it sometimes does n't absorb quick enough and rolls right off the pad and I end up having to clean the floor . These would be good for a dog 5 pounds and under . They were packed nice and arrived fast but I would n't order these again .
 These wee wee pads were very small . The picture shows them as the normal size that I typically get , but when I got them they were the size of a diaper -LRB- for a small child -RRB- . It was very strange . Also , they were in a box , bundled in bags of 3 . So there was 100 bags of 3 each in the box when it arrived ... another strange deal . Anyway , do not order this product , there are many others which are much better and almost the same cost .
 I have purchased the Cat Grass PLUS that comes in the container for years now and the cats LOVE it and leave my plants alone . I am no longer able to find it at the retail store and when I do its over $ 5 . Thought I would try this version , cheaper and by the same company so what could go wrong ? I am now on the 4th package -LRB- Ibought 6 of them -RRB- and I barely get a dozen blades of grass ... my cat is not interested and misses her lush Cat Grass PLUS ... POOR SUBSTITUTIION on my part . .
 I bought the leash for my 8 pound dog to replace a similar item . This leash is very compact and cheaply made . The button to hold the leash at a shorter length is difficult to get into place and frequently pops out of position . Choose a different brand & you 'll be happier .
 I 've owned two of these and used them on two house cats . Both units broke in the same way . The return spring breaks after a while -LRB- 3-6 months -RRB- and the cord no longer retracts . Although they were under warranty , cost and hassle of returning them to Flexi for replacement seemed not worth the effort . I have replaced them with another brand .
 Yes , the leash is meant to be for small dogs . However , most humans have hands too big for this leash . I have very small hands and I can only fit 3 fingers in this leash . I kept it because my old leash had broken , and I 've been using it for about 5 months . I do n't mind having such a small leash , but I wish I 'd looked at the dimensions closer . Also if you ever leave your dog locked outside of public places , the clasp will become unlocked quite easily . My dog blocked the doorway of a Chipotle and scratched at the window of Cosi looking for me . And she is VERY well-behaved , so I know she was not making a big effort to escape . Overall , I do n't feel all that safe leaving her outside with this leash .
 I bought this product hoping it would help keep my cats teeth clean and their breath fresh . I wish I had read the ingredients before I purchased it because it does n't seem to have any enzymatic ingredients found in true , working dental treats . It also does n't have any breath freshening ingredients . I think the only reason why they are `` dental '' treats is because they are crunchy and not moist treats , which is very good . These are MUCH better than the pounce soft and chewy varieties or any soft and chewy treat that can stick to cat teeth and cause bad breath and tooth decay . Another issue I have with these treats is that my cats only like this product while its very fresh . They seem to go stale really easily , like within a week , and then after that my cats do n't care for it . I always close them tightly and I 've even tried putting them in a separate bag - in container , but still no luck . If your looking for a real dental treat I would Crunch n ' Clean with DentaShield . Greenies brand does n't have many beneficial dental ingredients either , but they are another pretty good one as they too contain vitamins but with a little bit of added breath freshening ingredients in them , so they are much better than these . This treat my not help teeth , but they definitely wo n't hurt them . Also there are vitamins in these , which is pretty cool . They really are pretty decent treats , and I would probably give them 3 stars if they were just treats . However , to be marketing them as `` dental , '' they really should have at least one dental ingredient .
 It is 20 degrees outside , I replace the bucket , feed the horses and fill the new bucket . The buck leaks . Now I have to let it leak 5 gals of water that will freeze on the flooring then I have to see if I can fix a new $ 45 bucket . Not pleased with this at all .
 I am very disappointed with this heated water bucket why ? I plugged it in and it did not work . I used another outlet and it still did not work . Needless to say the water froze while I was at work and my dog went without water most of the day . I had thrown the box and invoice in the trash which means I can not send it back for a refund ... waste of hard earned money . Suggest Farm Innovators test product before shipping .
 I was very dissapointed with this product . My great dane puppy -LRB- 10 months -RRB- had this toy destroyed in less than a day . The description claims a tough toy for tough dogs but this is definitely not the case . My dog had the end seams pulled apart in no time and the balls inside were rolling around the house . The balls were more fun to him at this point as the toy was now just a piece of fabric . Long lasting toy for long lasting fun for about a day , then it 's garbage . 1 star for the almost 1 day that it lasted .
 I thought this toy would be made from true tire material . I does not seem to be . My dog had destroyed this tire in a few days . I have bought other tire toys that have lasted for months .
 My dogs do n't care for this toy ... just too hard for them , I guess . Was hoping it would be softer construction .
 The pictured item is a `` corded '' leash . I received a `` tape '' leash which is exactly not what I wanted . Also it does n't tell you the length of the leash . A large Flexi is usually 24feet . This one came to me as a 16foot . Now I have to return it and my dog is bummed .
 My dog weighs about 90 pounds . We used the leash a dozen times and now it is broken . The first foot or so , with the hook , disconnected from the rest of the leash line . I do not recommend buying this product . I 've written Flexi 's customer service and will update on well they back their product .
 This leash looked great out of the package , nice re-spooling action and all , but when I put it onto my 4 month old in the house so he could get comfortable with using the included safety collar , he chewed through the tape in literally less than 3 bites ! I realize that a dog will be able to chew through a lot of things eventually , but come one , this has got to be able to stand up to the ocasional nibble !
 This leash is very light weight and has very smooth action . It also features a lock button and a lock set button that both work well . However , this tape measure style leash is very thin . I only had it 5 days before the cord snapped . All of the damage was inflicted during the occasional bites whenever the leash gets wrapped around my dog or a pole . The ribbon becomes tattered very quickly from the bites and then snaps . I would not recommend using this leash until your dog is completely disciplined to not snap at the leash .
 Woulf prefer to mark zero stars , but have to put something . Nothing redeemable about this product . Dangerous . First time out of the package . Walked my dog two blocks , regular walk minimal pulling - leash snapped about 3 '' from collar hook . My dog ran into the street , luckily she was not hurt , but two cars almost collided trying to avoid her . Very frightening . Terrible piece of junk . Never trust this product .
 The tape on this item broke in 6 months . Considering the cost , I 'll stick with a rope .
 I own a few of these already and was ordering two replacements . Two tape leashes showed up at my door which is not what I ordered . Contacted customer service and they 're supposed to be sending me what 's reflected in the image -LRB- a corded leash -RRB- . They should be here tomorrow via overnight delivery so we 'll see if they can get it sorted out . I ca n't stand the tape leashes . The only way to go is the corded version . I 'm just sayin '
 It lasted one day . Used the rope Flexi for 10 years with no problems . This tape one is garbage - junk - doggie doo doo .
 I looked for a long time to find a cord retractable leash and finally thought that I found it in this item . The picture shows a cable leash , the product description says a cable leash but yet when I get it , it is a tape leash . Very disappointed .
 I was very , very disappointed when I received the product
 I ordered this for my new yellow lab puppy . She is only 4 months old and the leash broke about the third time it was used . The strap where the clasp is attatched to broke/tore . I would guess at this point that my dog only weighs about 30 pounds and this is supposed to hold a 110 pound dog ... not a chance . It did work well until it broke though I guess .
 This is also my second Flexi leash I 've purchased . They are both of excellent quality . However , this item is NOT as pictured . This 16 ' Large 110lb . leash does not come with the foot-long strap between the end of the cord and the collar latch -- it also does not have the cord as shown.I was quite disappointed and am returning for a full refund of shipping and purchase costs .
 I was happy with the leash at first , it worked well . We have had it a little more than a month and the clasp broke off the end . Our dog is only 75 pounds and the leash is rated for 110 . So I would not recommend this leash .
 I purchased two of these leashes within 6 weeks . The first one snapped within two weeks , the second one snapped this morning.This is supposed to be for dogs up to 100 lb . Well , my 8 month old labrador retriever puppy weighs 50 lb now , and still the leash just snapped above the buckle ! This product is crap to say the least . I am more than disappointed.Even tough it is easy to use and can be managed with one hand and just the thumb , the quality is very poor ! If this would have happened on the street , God forbid , my dog might have been hit by a car . I am really angry and do n't recommend this leash to anyone !!
 I would not recommend this product to anyone . I have a 4 month old labrador puppy that was able to break this in a few weeks . He did not chew through it but actually snapped it off where the leash attaches to the hook . He went running after a bird and got to the end of the line and just kept going , snapped clean off . I thought for sure it was his collar that broke but it was the leash itself . I 'm going to try and get a refund . He was around 20lbs when it happened , this thing is supposed to be rated at 110lbs !
 I thought this toy would be made from true tire material . I does not seem to be . My dog had destroyed this tire in a few days . I have bought other tire toys that have lasted for months .
 My dogs do n't care for this toy ... just too hard for them , I guess . Was hoping it would be softer construction .
 I expected a hard rubber type toy . Instead its a hard plastic . How do you tell a dog not to chew on their toy ? She had the toy for a couple of hours . I had to repeatedly tell her not to put it in her mouth . She did not understand . She bit into it and sharp pieces of plastic were everywere . I threw it away . Its not a very good toy for any dog .
 I bought this toy for my dog and in an hour he had completely torn it apart and had gotten the small ball out and it was in his mouth !! He could have swallowed it ! The noise also stopped after a few minutes like the batteries went out ! Terrible and unsafe toy for your dog !!!
 This item is terrible !! Please do n't bother because it is a junky plastic tire with a ball in the center that only works about half of the time . Who wants a dog toy you have to keep put up and away from your dog ??? Terrible product ! I wanted to rate a zero but it makes you give atleast one star !
 i bought one to replace the color max light bulb -LRB- one that came with the light fixture -RRB- but it died in about 1 month 's time . the other light bulb -LRB- 6,700 K -RRB- that came with the light fixtures as well how ever is still working although it became dim . it seems the light bulb has a huge range of life from weeks to months and results may varies . im going to get these light bulbs 1 more time and this time im going to remove the acrylic cover on the light fixtureAqueon Coralife 05618 Aqualight T5 Freshwater Dual Lamp Fixture , 30-Inch -LRB- since i have glass hoods anyway -RRB- so the light bulb wont get as hot and hopefully it will live longer .
 Took my dogs out on it once for about three minutes . Went to put it on for another walk and one of the latching mechanisms simply fell apart . I want a refund .
 I have a Chihuahua and a Boston Terrier , one out weighing the other by 10 lbs give or take a little . You must have dogs of equal weight or strength because the boston pulls the chihuahua around and the chihuahua kept getting strangled and pulled all over the place . I ended up having to pick up the boston and let the other one have a minute to take his time to go to the bathroom . What a waste
 I thought my dogs would have space to walk a bit away from eachother with this leash coupler . I figured 36 '' is long enough but if its 36 '' end to end minus an ninch or two for the coupler piece , your dogs wont get but 15 '' each . I have 2 small Chihuahuas . 3lbs and 9lbs and it doesnt take much at all for the bigger chi to drag the little one along . She would have to be walking exactly at his pace and keep up or get dragged . If each end of the leash was 36 '' it would have worked out better . Its definitely made well and heavy duty . Its just not long enough even at the full 36 '' split . The dogs need to be close and walk at the same even pace . NOT likely !!
 It worked fine for a ONE week . Then , the two dogs pulled in different directions and one of them was already running off leash ; it was broken !
 arrived as a big mess . not worth returning it . Would suggest a better packaging for mail . Otherwise product is good
 This review is easy to write : - pumps bubbles good - ` whisper ' is misleading , because these pumps are very buzzy , noisy.I have 3 - 27 gallon aquariums and 3 Whisper pumps . They are all the same , with the same noise problem . I am thinking of finding something less noisy and tossing these in the trash.My advice to the consumer is not to buy ` Whisper ' pumps.Ask to try one out in the store - guess why they wo n't let you ?
 I ordered the Tetra 40 gallon pump after reading a lot of the reviews . There were a lot of pros and cons on the amount of noise it made or did not make . I hooked mine up and immdiately noticed an unacceptably loud humming noise coming from the pump . The humming was so loud I could hear it down the hallway and from adjoining rooms . I let it run for about 48 hours hoping the noise would tone down after it was broken in which did not happen . The good news is that Amazon is crediting my account after I sent them an email . This is the first of many things I have ordered from Amazon and the only one where I had a problem and had to request a refund . I do n't know if I just got a defective pump or what . I will say Amazon 's price was the best I found . Shopping locally I found the same pump in pet stores was selling for over twice what I paid at Amazon .
 It is quiet not ultra quiet . I want a pump you do n't hear . We had one 40 years ago when I was a kid back in Dallas . I just turned this one on and now I am shopping for a completely quiet one for I can replace it .
 I had this for a few days , it worked great first few days , but it started to get `` too '' noisy -LRB- even though it still works -RRB- . I opened it and i found a broken piece inside . It still pump air , but it too noisy . I would not recommend this air pump . It happened first few days after i bought , not worth for the $ to ship it back .
 Its an alright air pump for what they charged , some $ 12.99 . So far its been running just shy of three months wit no real problems , only it does seem to have gott 'n a bit noisier since i first plugged it in , but over all its pretty good . As long as it does n't get any noisier , any noisier and it 'll drive a fellow mad .
 `` Whisper '' is a strange name to choose for this pump , because it sounds more like a mini-jackhammer . Almost immediately after I began using it , the thing went from reasonably quiet to obnoxiously loud . I opened it up and found that the magnet used inside to create the pumping motion was poorly attached to its metal arm . I used some aquarium silicone to better fasten it and dampen vibration . That helped , but I 've found since then that it 's gotten noisy again and I have n't been able to fix it , this time . So , the pump does move air , but not quietly .
 This pump was pretty weak to begin with , and slowly died after several months -LRB- completely stopped pumping any air at all -RRB- . Also , it moves a little due to vibration , and when it touches something by its side , it starts making a vibrating noise . A bit of a design flaw.Overall a poorly designed product with little reliability . You should pay a couple of bucks more , but get something reliable .
 After a few days it made a constant loud insane noise . I tried tapping it moving it , etc. . Never buying from this company again .
 Worked great at first , slowly started to die over time , after 4 or 5 months it completely stopped functioning . They do n't make anything like they used too I guess .
 I bought one of these for my 29 gallon tank to use with a bubble wand . It was easy to set up and worked fine for two days . On the third day , when I came home from work , the first thing I heard when I walked in the front door was a loud buzzing sound . I followed the buzz to find out that it was the air pump . It was n't the pump itself vibrating against the shelf it was on , but the motor of the pump . My aquarium is towards the back of the house , so for me to hear it as soon as I walked in tells you it was pretty loud . On top of that , there was only a small amount of air coming out of the bubble wand . I figured I 'd just gotten a defective one , so I returned it and got a replacement . It worked great for about a month and a half until it woke me up this morning making the same exact loud buzz that the first one did . Low airflow to the bubble wand as well . Unfortunately , it broke after the store 's return period expired , so now I can either deal with the manufacturer -LRB- which is always fun -RRB- or just count my losses and move on.Would not recommend to others .
 I 've owned this air pump for about 4 months now and tonight it died . It started making a really loud rattle , so I unscrewed its case and found that a cheap piece of plastic was holding the vibration mechanism and this piece had broken and so the vibrator was rattling all over . Basically it 's now trash . Pretty pathetic that this thing died so fast , it 's clearly built cheaply inside . It 's almost as if it 's designed to fail . The broken part is very obviously in need of reinforcement .
 Our dogs love these treats and 2 years ago were made in the U.S. . We thought we were giving them something healthy until we read the package and saw that they were now made in China . We are now looking for a similar product made in USA .
 Although the package had an expiration date of 02/2014 , these strips were stale and brittle . I checked stock at a pet store of the identical product and the strips were flexible as jerky should be . The seller had a no return policy , but Amazon was able to give me a full refund .
 Our builder installed the medium doggie door with the plastic frame . This lasted 2 months before the frame cracked . I installed the medium doggie door with the aluminum frame . This lasted 3 months before the vinyl flap covering the door tore at the top . The flap is not replaceable , so the mfg sent me another doggie door . Also , the `` lock '' on the doggie door is a spring loaded pin which scratches the paint on the door in which it is mounted - very poor design . The product has a 12 month warranty after which I will shop for a more durable product .
 I expected this to last much longer than two years , the top of the flap is torn and it is about to fall off . I only have one dog who does not go in and out that often and my climate is very mild . Unfortunately it can not be replaced so now I have to buy a new pet door . This will be the last Havahart product I buy .
 The clasp on this leash does not work . It is difficult to open , and once you have managed to open it , it often times wo n't close .
 This lead is not only very thin and lightweight material , but the width of only one half inch makes it difficult to manage in my hand . If you 're working with a tiny dog - maybe it would be preferred , but I work with larger dogs and it 's just too lightweight for my use .
 This training lead did not last a month . I use this for one of my dogs , in training to stay in the yard , and not chase critters . The lead was never left outdoors , and only used a couple times a day . It did get used in the rain , however . One day , I noticed that lead was divided in two . . It had separated , and it seems the material just could not stand getting wet . I found this , and then attached the pieces together ... However , two weeks later , the lead broke in another place ... I tried to fix it , and it broke again . This was all while the dog was in the yard , being supervised . He did not chew it ... It might have gotten tangled in a twig , but that is about all . I still have a another lead that I bought . . Paid a bit more for it , and it is still intact after 6 months .
 The general quality is average . I wanted to use on them to restrain a dog inside the house . This wants to attack one of our other dogs . Without going into detail , a sturdy lead is a must . I can only speculate about the sturdiness but I was not impressed . My larger concern was with the sewing.The lead is very inexpensive and probably worth the money for small dogs . I already own two leads by -LSB- ... -RSB- and decided to simply buy two more from them.If you have large dogs and strength is an issue , I would consider the `` fordogtrainers '' approach .
 My fish -LRB- mainly cichlids -RRB- did n't like this product and most of it sank to the bottom of the tank without being eat . Very small pellets.Won ' t buy again .
 The clasp on this leash does not work . It is difficult to open , and once you have managed to open it , it often times wo n't close .
 This lead is not only very thin and lightweight material , but the width of only one half inch makes it difficult to manage in my hand . If you 're working with a tiny dog - maybe it would be preferred , but I work with larger dogs and it 's just too lightweight for my use .
 This training lead did not last a month . I use this for one of my dogs , in training to stay in the yard , and not chase critters . The lead was never left outdoors , and only used a couple times a day . It did get used in the rain , however . One day , I noticed that lead was divided in two . . It had separated , and it seems the material just could not stand getting wet . I found this , and then attached the pieces together ... However , two weeks later , the lead broke in another place ... I tried to fix it , and it broke again . This was all while the dog was in the yard , being supervised . He did not chew it ... It might have gotten tangled in a twig , but that is about all . I still have a another lead that I bought . . Paid a bit more for it , and it is still intact after 6 months .
 The general quality is average . I wanted to use on them to restrain a dog inside the house . This wants to attack one of our other dogs . Without going into detail , a sturdy lead is a must . I can only speculate about the sturdiness but I was not impressed . My larger concern was with the sewing.The lead is very inexpensive and probably worth the money for small dogs . I already own two leads by -LSB- ... -RSB- and decided to simply buy two more from them.If you have large dogs and strength is an issue , I would consider the `` fordogtrainers '' approach .
 The general quality is average . I wanted to use on them to restrain a dog inside the house . This wants to attack one of our other dogs . Without going into detail , a sturdy lead is a must . I can only speculate about the sturdiness but I was not impressed . My larger concern was with the sewing.The lead is very inexpensive and probably worth the money for small dogs . I already own two leads by -LSB- ... -RSB- and decided to simply buy two more from them.If you have large dogs and strength is an issue , I would consider the `` fordogtrainers '' approach .
 The clasp on this leash does not work . It is difficult to open , and once you have managed to open it , it often times wo n't close .
 This lead is not only very thin and lightweight material , but the width of only one half inch makes it difficult to manage in my hand . If you 're working with a tiny dog - maybe it would be preferred , but I work with larger dogs and it 's just too lightweight for my use .
 This training lead did not last a month . I use this for one of my dogs , in training to stay in the yard , and not chase critters . The lead was never left outdoors , and only used a couple times a day . It did get used in the rain , however . One day , I noticed that lead was divided in two . . It had separated , and it seems the material just could not stand getting wet . I found this , and then attached the pieces together ... However , two weeks later , the lead broke in another place ... I tried to fix it , and it broke again . This was all while the dog was in the yard , being supervised . He did not chew it ... It might have gotten tangled in a twig , but that is about all . I still have a another lead that I bought . . Paid a bit more for it , and it is still intact after 6 months .
 Firstly , the smallest size is way small - not the company 's fault , but I thought I 'd mention it for future buyers . My small-med breed dog is 12 pounds and it was a little teeny for her . Second , she got the knot out in about 5 minutes . So it went from box to dog to trash in less than 10 minutes . Not really worth the money . This is not a toy for any dog that is remotely smart , or is a chewer . Its too smooth , so the knots unfold easily . Your dog will figure it out in 5 minutes .
 I was not happy at all with the Jeep Wrangler pet stroller . I purchased the stroller for my senior dachshund . The front wheels wobble horribly causing the entire stroller to shake . I expected a high quality durable product with the name Jeep Wrangler associated with it . I was very disappointed and will be returning the item .
 This is a horrible product . The front wheels wobble uncontrollably , even on a flat , even surface . This made the stroller completely unusable . We double-checked our installation and oiled the wheels just to make sure it was n't user-error . It was n't . If Jeep vehicles are constructed as poorly as their strollers -LRB- and other accessory products -RRB- , you can be sure that I will NEVER buy a Jeep !!!!
 When I bought the Pet Portage Sport Backpack with the intent to wear it while I ride my bike and be able to take my Dachshund along , I took the chance that it would fit my body , and his , since the weight requirements matched . The ad said it was on sale for 35.99 , so I took a chance , since I 'd been researching and shopping for a long time now.When it arrived , I realized that there was nothing specifically pet special about it , and there was no way to secure the shoulder straps in front of my own body , as would be on any real hiking pack , especially if you are carrying any kind of weight in it.So , it did n't fit me quite right , but I figured I was only out 36 bucks ... til I got the credit card statement and discovered I 'd been charged 75 dollars ... . and of course , no response from either the seller , nor Amazon as I tried to find out what happened during ordering.I ca n't use it , I ca n't return it , I ca n't get a refund . Not happy .
 The general quality is average . I wanted to use on them to restrain a dog inside the house . This wants to attack one of our other dogs . Without going into detail , a sturdy lead is a must . I can only speculate about the sturdiness but I was not impressed . My larger concern was with the sewing.The lead is very inexpensive and probably worth the money for small dogs . I already own two leads by -LSB- ... -RSB- and decided to simply buy two more from them.If you have large dogs and strength is an issue , I would consider the `` fordogtrainers '' approach .
 The clasp on this leash does not work . It is difficult to open , and once you have managed to open it , it often times wo n't close .
 This lead is not only very thin and lightweight material , but the width of only one half inch makes it difficult to manage in my hand . If you 're working with a tiny dog - maybe it would be preferred , but I work with larger dogs and it 's just too lightweight for my use .
 This training lead did not last a month . I use this for one of my dogs , in training to stay in the yard , and not chase critters . The lead was never left outdoors , and only used a couple times a day . It did get used in the rain , however . One day , I noticed that lead was divided in two . . It had separated , and it seems the material just could not stand getting wet . I found this , and then attached the pieces together ... However , two weeks later , the lead broke in another place ... I tried to fix it , and it broke again . This was all while the dog was in the yard , being supervised . He did not chew it ... It might have gotten tangled in a twig , but that is about all . I still have a another lead that I bought . . Paid a bit more for it , and it is still intact after 6 months .
 My cat does n't like them at all . I have even tried to re-wet them and she refuses to eat them . I have placed them within her wet food , and she eats around them . It was a waste of money . I had to wait almost a month for them to be delivered , they should have kept them !
 After reading most of the reviews for these dog toys - I ordered 4 for all of the special dogs in our lives . We were hoping to get a very durable toy -LRB- and cute - which they are -RRB- , but they did n't even last 15 minutes . Our Lab had the arms and tail off in no time . Our friends all reported the same thing . So - if you are looking for durability - look for another product !
 The general quality is average . I wanted to use on them to restrain a dog inside the house . This wants to attack one of our other dogs . Without going into detail , a sturdy lead is a must . I can only speculate about the sturdiness but I was not impressed . My larger concern was with the sewing.The lead is very inexpensive and probably worth the money for small dogs . I already own two leads by -LSB- ... -RSB- and decided to simply buy two more from them.If you have large dogs and strength is an issue , I would consider the `` fordogtrainers '' approach .
 The clasp on this leash does not work . It is difficult to open , and once you have managed to open it , it often times wo n't close .
 This lead is not only very thin and lightweight material , but the width of only one half inch makes it difficult to manage in my hand . If you 're working with a tiny dog - maybe it would be preferred , but I work with larger dogs and it 's just too lightweight for my use .
 This training lead did not last a month . I use this for one of my dogs , in training to stay in the yard , and not chase critters . The lead was never left outdoors , and only used a couple times a day . It did get used in the rain , however . One day , I noticed that lead was divided in two . . It had separated , and it seems the material just could not stand getting wet . I found this , and then attached the pieces together ... However , two weeks later , the lead broke in another place ... I tried to fix it , and it broke again . This was all while the dog was in the yard , being supervised . He did not chew it ... It might have gotten tangled in a twig , but that is about all . I still have a another lead that I bought . . Paid a bit more for it , and it is still intact after 6 months .
 I have 2 tiny dogs and I often have to clean the floor where their spot has spilled onto to the floor bc these are so thin . These stated that they were highly absorbent but my dogs only weigh 5 lbs and these dont work . There are companies who do sell thick pads where the spot does not spread , it 's just hard to know who is telling the truth until you get them home . I would say pass on these .
 Do you want cheap or good ? These are the cheapest pads anywhere . If your dog is bigger than a hamster they are not going to be absorbent enough . They are probably fine for small puppies .
 This pad I ordered is very poor thin quality same as what I ordered from a different seller for less then half the price ! What a rip off and the delivery shipment was very late ! Yes the seller Overpriced it ! I contacted the seller for return shipping and the seller wants the customer to pay for the return shipping . And the Product is not opened and still in original shipping package . Shipping cost estimate was too much ! So I just keep and use it . Warning do not waste your money on this poor thin quality pad . I just want to share this to everyone before they decides to order this . Hope this save people from wasting their money .
 I just received the pads , but they are no where near the same quality of my previous orders ! I received 2 boxes containing 15 packages of 10 flimsy underpads each box . The only thing that is remotely similar to my last order is the size of the pad ... nothing else . I should have been told this horrible product was substitued for the product I received in the past ... the old bait and switch con ... very bad !!! Buyer beware!They are not worth the money I paid for them !!!!!!!!!
 I was really disappointed with this.The Good : - only took about 20 minutes to put together , all the tools you need are included - good size , small footprint - very good door placement , all the spots are easy to reach - easy to remove cage part for cleaning the bottom - you do n't need them , but the instructions are very clear - looks like it 'd be fun if it worked - the solid bottom with deep sides is an excellent design for cleaning , you ca n't really appreciate this until you 've tried anything elseThe Bad : - super-cheap plastic , my ramp was broken in the box - maybe okay for rats , but all the holes were almost too small for my baby ferrets to get through -LRB- they 're chubby but not THAT chubby -RRB- - my ferrets might be dumber than most , but they could n't figure out how to use the tunnel or spiral stairs , i think mostly because the turns were too sharp and the passage too narrow . they resorted to climbing the cage wall to get to the next level - with the cheap plastic , the ramps/tubes/spiral are not sturdy , they shook horribly , even with my tinniest ferret , this made them very nervous and reluctant to even try using them -LRB- the fastening mechanisms were fine though , i do n't think there was actually any chance of the ramp/tube/spiral actually falling -RRB- - the cage just sits on the wheels , i feel like if there were little kids around they could easily accidentally knock the whole cage over - my ferrets could open the doors , i had to adjust the latches myself with pliers - again with the cheap plastic - the cage fastens to the plastic bottom with 2 small plastic fasteners , which are on the verge of breaking after only taking them off twice -LRB- you 'll probably want to take them off weekly to clean the cage -RRB- - the deep sides on the bottom make it hard for things that latch to the cage bars to reach the floor - litter box / water bottles / food dish were all too high off the groundConclusion : as it is , it 's unusable -LRB- for ferrets -RRB- . i scrapped mine for pieces to build a new cage myself
 the discription and pic all say it comes with a stand but it does not it only comes with a tub with wheels you can atach , which works i guess but i already had another cage that did have the base and i was going to hook them together and so when i got the first cage i ordered it did n't have the stand so i asked for a replacement because it did n't have a stand and they do n't even look at the reason that you want a replacement cause they sent me another one just the same without a stand uhhhh so now all is going back and i have to start all over again.Good product just need to be aware that it is n't what they say it is ...
 Its a decent size and gives your pet lots of room to play . The design make it very hard to leave without taking completely apart , and as you know ferrets are very messy eaters so you have to clean it a lot . The plastics of the cage are n't very strong , and even a small ferret will cause it to bend and deform .
 I originally bought this cage in store for my large male rat , Andy . Though it was a little large for just him , he loved it . Lot 's of room for toys and boxes . However , as he got older it was harder and harder for him to navigate the ramp , tube , and slide.Fast forward to 3 years after Andy passed , I adopted 3 baby male rats . Out came the cage . Well I learned a few things . The bars are too far spaced for baby rats . One escaped the first night , which earned him the name Ninja . Otherwise , they love the space and the amount of toys that can fit.What I do n't like is the lack of ease in cleaning . The shelves are grooved , textured , and solid , which allows urine and feces to collect . They are also not handy to remove and/or replace for cleaning . The doors are almost too small to remove them , and shelves like to hang up on all the bars except the one you 're trying to use . If you leave them in place , it 's hard to get all the little grooves and sides cleaned , especially where the tubes and slides hook intoI find myself cursing everytime I clean this cage . As a result , I 'm looking into other homes , such as the Rat Manor.One other problem I had with it , is the latch on the spiral side broke as I tried to put it in place . I also wish the shelves had a way to attach toys to the undersides.So , great for the size , but horrible for trying to keep clean .
 This cage gives the illusion that your pet will have ample space but because of poor design it wont . The floors are only half floors so your pet does n't get the benefit it would have if the top 2 floors had been entire floors . If you do n't understand my wording then look at the picture . Each level only gives the animal a small area to walk . Oh and the slide is very flimsy . My ferret is very skinny but the slide barely supports his weight . The cage was hard to put together and while assembling the plastic parts I often felt as though I was going to break them because they were not sturdy . My ferret has fallen all the way from the top floor to the bottom several times . I just adjusted the setup from the recommended set up to one that protects my ferret , now I cant open the middle door but my ferret cant fall all the way to the bottom and I also have a harder time cleaning and configuring the cage . I have n't owned another multi level cage so i cant make a recommendation for another cage -LRB- thought I hear good things about the ferret nation -RRB- . I can however recommend that you should either not buy this or modify the set up from the recommended setup to protect your pet from falling . Oh and the back corner on the lowest level is very hard to clean behind the tube without removing the bottom level -LRB- There is no set up other then removing the elbow tube that makes this easier -RRB- . Over all the design is not good and unsafe So I do n't recommend this cage !
 The cage is perfect size . My ferret loved the room to run around it in . But first thing to fall apart was the slide . I dont know who they are kidding but it does n't seem designed to hold the weight of a ferret at all . The slide was no big deal , after about the 5th time of it falling apart I just took it out and my ferret could still get to top easy enough . The real problem is how thin the bars are and how easy they bend . My ferret chewed a corner loose and bent the bar enough that she could slip through . Two times we came home to find the ferret running around our place with the cats . We were thankful the cats didnt eat her .
 I found this cage while searching for a cage for my sugar glider . I was excited when it came . We got it assembled and ready to put our glider in his new cage . We put him in and within 2 minutes he was out , so we put him in again and back out he came . This cage should not be listed under sugar glider cages.They can fit right through the bars .
 This cage is made very cheaply and was a pain to put together . Not only that , it is not good for ferrets as it claims . In order to get to each level , the ferret needs to go through a hole which is tiny . They also have to go up a slide and elbow . This is not very practical at all . My ferret fell many times because he could not get to the bottom through the holes and other obstacles . The slide and ladder were both broken before my ferret had even been in it a full day . I took it back to the store .
 After looking around for a cage we chose this one based on the height to provide more space for our ferret . It is a bit cumbersome to get the shelves to into the cage and to stay latched to the cage . The sides of the cage hook together but are not very secure . Our ferret pushed through the sides of the cage where the sides did not stay hooked together . We were not home and so she was squeezed by the metal as she got only 1/2 way through . Therefore , she died . I would not recommend this cage due to the poor construction and safety implications .
 I bought this cage as a first home for my ferrets . The bars are very flimsy and the doors latch by forcing the latch in between two bars . As you can imagine after a while the bars bend and even break . One broke at the very top of my cage and my ferret was able to climb the bars and escape . So many horizontal bars is a bad design for ferrets . And they hated the slide , would never use it . Would leap from one level to the next instead of dealing with it . I ended up purchasing two more of the tunnel elbows and removing the slide and ramp . They liked this a lot better . I finally upgraded to a Ferret Nation habitat . Hands down the best ferret cage on the market . Ramp covers for safety , removable plastic shelf inserts for easy cleaning , strong bars and dual lock doors .
 This cage is plenty large enough . BUT . Its extreamly hard to clean , and the ledges that come with it easily get poo stuck into the little ridges -LRB- Meant to keep urine in I think -RRB- I cleaned that cage every other day , and eventually just knew I had to get a new cage . This here :[ ... -RSB- Is a much better product for my rattie Girls .
 ferrets can get quite large . an un-neutered and not descented male can push 7lbs or more . my little 8 month old kit bowed the cheap plastic on these shelves . its just too small for a ferret . there is no shelf space , and its hard to clean . not to mention the doors are too small to get in there and rearrange well . the `` slide '' is a joke and the `` tunnel is laughable , its an elbow for crying out loud , not a tunnel !! however i think this would be suitable for rats and the like . skip this for your ferret please .
 I was looking for a cage for our 6 female ratties , and the size is great ! The down side is cleaning ... we ended up taking the slide out , it just was too much of a problem to put back on after every washing ... the purple shelves are a BIG pain to clean -LRB- they `` snap '' back on - and it 's not easy - awkward and bulky -RRB- . If you do have adolescent rats -LRB- 2 to 3 months old -RRB- , they will be able to squeeze through the bar spacing -- we had to elevate ours off the floor on a large end table , so they could n't get to the floor below . All in all , it 's alot of cage for your buck . It has spurred us to get a Critter Nation cage though . The cleaning issue is just a big one with this cage .
 I do n't understand why this cage 's description states that it is `` Ideal of Ferrets '' when this claim could n't be farther from the truth . I have two ferrets , one is a rather large 4lb male and the other is a tiny 1lb female . The tubes and slide would appear to be a fun way to access the shelves but neither of them could fit in them so they just jumped up and down and quickly just gave up on even using the top few levels . I ended up just removing those shelves and left just one with the ladder as access . Even using the ladder they struggled to get up due to the slippery plastic . The shelves are also fairly weak . With both my ferrets sleeping on them the sagged a lot making me worried that the snaps might break . Another concern is if you have a sneaky ferret they may be able to open the door and get out . My big ferret was able to pull the latch back with his teeth and push it open . This was on the second level and if I had n't heard it from the other room he could have been seriously hurt by trying to jump out . It might work for smaller pets but it is no good for ferrets . It is also very difficult to clean and if you use a bedding material in the bottom like I did then you basically have to disassemble the entire thing to clean it out . The shelves can come out the top for cleaning but working them through the latches takes 2 people . I would not recommend this cage to anyone .
 If you are looking at this for a sugar glider beware . The slats are a little too far apart and small gliders can easily crawl through the bars . We purchased this to bring home our gliders and had to come up with something quick overnight because our female just slips right through the bars .
 We bought this cage for our two ferrets we had at the time -LRB- we have since added a third ferret -RRB- . It looks pretty cute from the picture . The problem is it is very cheaply made and not feasible for ferrets.The slide does not connect very well with the platforms . I have two male ferrets which weigh about 3 - 4 pounds and one female who weighs about 2 . Not even my tiny female could get up the slide without it popping off the platform . We ended up taking it out completely . Also , even if it would stay connected the turns are too sharp for them to take.The tunnel connects more securely , but if you have it on the bottom of the cage it gets poop all over it if your ferrets are n't litter trained and just go in the corners of the cage . It also is a little too sharp of a curve for my ferrets to get up , but they do like to slide down it on their backs.The ramp was completely useless out of the box . One of the clips was not formed correctly so it would constantly pop off on one side . I had to use a ramp from our old cage so they can get to the top . Also , in the picture it shows the ramp going under the top platform so your ferrets can just come up through the hole . It does n't actually work like that . The spacing of the bars is too wide to secure a ramp to them so you have to clip it to the edge of the platform . If it 's clipped to the edge of the platform it 's almost too steep for my ferrets to walk up . My biggest male ends up just lunging at the top of the platform and pulling himself up . My female just climbs the side of the cage.The sides do not clip together very well . The way they connect are one side has metal ` hoops ' and the other has a hook that are both part of the metal cage . You have to snap the hook into place over the hoop . Some of the hooks were too tight so they would n't snap over the hoops and some were too lose so they would n't stay snapped in place . When we first brought it home I was sitting on the floor next to the cage while the ferrets were in it getting their hammocks ready to go in . I felt a tug at my sleeve and when I looked over one of my ferrets had come through the corner where it connects because one of the hooks did n't snap in place and he was getting squished trying to get out . He had grabbed my sleeve trying to pull himself out.So why , after all these complaints , did I not just return it you ask ? Because we bought ours from a pet store that is about half an hour away from my house . When I called them to ask about returning it I was informed that they do not give refunds , only store credit . And at the time the cage cost $ 160 . So I would have to drive 30 minutes every time I needed pet supplies so I could use up a credit . Lame.We have had the cage for over a year and just recently purchased theMidwest 142 Ferret Nation Double-Level Ferret Cage with Ramps . It is more expensive , but absolutely worth it -LRB- so far -RRB- .
 I owned this cage and at first was thrilled with it . Time and 2 ferrets proved this cage was a great waste of my hard-earned money ! You really do get what you pay for.The slide was the first thing to break which was fine because my ferrets never used it . The shelving units , unlike other plastic shelves I 've had were flimsy and eventually began to warp in the center under the weight of the 2 ferrets using them -LRB- ferrets combined weight ranged from 4-5 pounds -RRB- . Finally the wires themself began to break from their welding where the ferrets would chew on them.My experience mirrors many others who I 've seen posting at various places and I wish I could offer a better review . I loved the cage upon first sight but it proved to be flimsy and difficult to clean to endure 2 active ferrets long-term . While a smaller animal may fare well in the cage I could never recommend this cage to a ferret owner , which it is named to be suitable for.There are much better quality cages on the market and I would say if you 're spending $ 100.00 on this , you 'd be better to save your money for a better quality cage -LRB- like Ferret Nation 's -RRB- . There 's a reason they are highly recommended and they will completely change the experience and what you will expect forever from cage manufacturers.I chose this product because I did n't want to spend $ 200 + on a high quality cage . Well , $ 100.00 wasted trying to be cheap . That 's what I get.Buyer Beware !
 Length :
 This cage is terrible . My two pet rats have lived in this cage for less than half a year and have already chewed a hole about 5 '' by 3 '' which , needless to say is easily large enough for them to fit through . I covered it with cardboard which they manage to chew off in one day . Another thing is that the ramps and tubes are so wobbly that my rats wo n't use them . They are also starting to chew through the bars . The first little platform is always covered in poop , seeds , and sunflower seed shells . It is a nightmare to clean because it falls apart and I had to zip-tie the corners together because there was a gap big enough for them to squeeze through . I would not recommend this cage to my worst enemy .
 I bought this as the first home for my two ferrets since it looked like something they would have fun in and it was a great price ... * Cleaning the base of the cage is difficult unless you have very long arms ... * Cleaning around the tube , ramp , and slide is next to impossible -LRB- I removed them after 2 weeks -RRB- * My ferrets have taken to using the shelves as their litter box ... In fact for two days straight they used nothing but the shelves -LRB- those have now been removed as well -RRB- * Although they are only 1 and 2 pounds , they have successfully figured out how to get out of the cage and have bent the door bars . I have to make sure it is `` double locked '' before leaving the house.I wish I had spent a bit more money and bought a cage that was longer and not taller .
 I inherited this cage -LRB- I 'd be furious if I had paid the going rate for it -RRB- and the one year-old ferret in it from a parent who had grown tired of the cleaning involved , and did use it for over 2 years for the adopted scamp along with my own fluffy lovebug . However , I had to ditch everything in it over time , including the platforms , just to make it safe and more easily accessible . In the end it had six of those smaller plastic crates with the holes attached to one side as steps so that my babies could get to their pirate ship , hanging tunnels , hammocks , and cuddle cube . I added the hammocks next to shelves because they were otherwise unsafe for such heavy sleepers . I eventually removed the shelves altogether because as my nine-year-old ferret 's age began to affect her willingness to trudge all the way down to the litter pan , she decided to start pooing in the grooves on them . That made the already difficult to clean cage even more of a time suck . The doors on the cage are impossibly tiny for an average sized adult to fit into , the bottom required either removal for cleaning or the hiring of a contortionist to reach the back edges , and the platforms continuously attempted reattaching to the cage bats as they ate wiggled toward an opening . You ca n't even remove the blasted things at all unless you remove all the toys , hammocks , or anything else that may be barring the way.In the end , and after two more ferrets joined the family , I decided to finally rid myself of the thing and invest in a double-decker Ferret Nation cage . The new cage has been the best investment I could have made , and one I wish I 'd made years ago .
 I like many others was looking for a cheaper ferret cage until I could save up for the FN cage . Do n't buy this . While my female kit loves the slide and loves climbing the sides , the bars have snapped twice and I had to return it today for another one . The plastic is very cheap and I find it bending under her , and she 's only 2 pounds . The tunnel does n't fit in the spot it 's supposed to , and my ferret is able to take off the secure clips on the side . All in all , it 's not worth your money . Go for the more expensive cage . It 's better in the long run .
 I have 2 ferrets to house in this cage . Meaning , I have to clean this thing frequently . Biggest pain in the ass I 've ever dealt with . My ferrets are also stubborn and refuse to use a litter box and kick out any bedding I use , so all of their urine runs to the middle , so they get to hang out in their own smelly mess all day.When I finally muster up the will to clean this cage every 3 days , I have to fight with this thing.Also , they do n't play on the `` slides '' . They just rip them off the hinges and throw it into their waste .
 We bought this for our ferret and it would have been okay that it was so late if it was n't so broken . Our box showed up and it was all dented and had looked like it had been thrown around . A wheel was broken right out of the box and we thought we could work around it but then we noticed that several of the latches where broken off . We could n't even put it together ! I 'm sure that if it had n't been broken it would have been a wonderful product but it was broken so it was crap crap and more crap . I hope our replacement is better then this one ! Warehouse deals should pay more attention to the quality products they give there customers ... Bad first impression and once we get this figured out it will be last !
 I was so excited when I purchased this for my two rats . Unfortunately when I received it , I notice the bar spacing was much larger than in the description , especially where they bent apart due to cheap materials and bad shipping . I tried to put it together anyway , trying to be optimistic that my rats would n't try to get out . I could not get the pieces together . The plastic on the slide would start to bend and just as I was about to actually get the pieces together they slipped and I scrapped my knuckle . So much for `` E-z directions '' . I am now bleeding , though the nice thing was that it was much easier to take apart than put together.I DO NOT recommend buying this . EVER !!!
 I 've had this cage for about four months and am already ready to replace it . It may be great for very , responsible 6 year olds , but for an adult , it 's difficult to clean . The doors are so small . If I 'm just trying to do a quick clean without disassembling the whole cage , I either regulary bump my head on the cage door or find myself in gymnastic-like positions trying to reach the back and far corners of the cage.I also found that I ca n't use a locking litter pan in this cage because it wo n't fit through the front two doors and will only go through the top one with a little maneuvering . Even then it 's not great because I ca n't get the pan into the bottom of the cage where my ferret prefers to use the bathroom . There 's no point in having a litter pan on the top shelf when the ferret insists on going to the bathroom in the bottom . The triangular , locking pans will fit in the front doors , but unfortunately are so small , I may as well have not used them because my ferret would try to fit in the pan and end up missing anyway . This has made litter pan training very difficult . A small kitten litterbox will fit in the front doors , but you 're on your own to try and figure out how to secure them to the side of the cage.Lastly , the slide and tunnel are cheap . My ferret is about two pounds and regularly breaks the slide just by trying to walk down it . He wo n't even attempt the tunnel . All in all I find myself trying to creatively arrange hammocks so he can get around the cage without having to climb the walls -LRB- he 'll do this instead of dealing with the slide -RRB- . I also have a lot of blankets in the bottom because unfortunately trying to navigate through this cage causes him to fall a lot.I was reluctant to replace the cage because it is a nice size , but I do n't think he 'll miss the space as the only time he even attempts to get to the top is when he wants to eat -LRB- his food is on the very top -RRB- . I think he and I will both be happier with a sturdier , more ferret friendly cage even if it is a little smaller .
 This cage is a very cheap cage . When we first bought this cage , we had two ferrets . It is very easy to set up , but the plastic is very easy to break . The `` slide '' broke while we were putting it together . The ladder was too steep for them to use -LRB- the ferrets were still really little at the time -RRB- , so they just turned it into a toy . The cage itself kept coming undone in the corners . Also , one of the ferrets figured out how to unlatch two of the doors , the one on the roof of the cage , and the one in the middle . The shelves are bent from the ferrets standing one them , and they weigh maybe at the most 2 pounds . I did like the fact that it was easy to snap the cage off the bottom to change it , but the bottom has little latches , and those broke within the first couple weeks . Another thing I liked about the cage is that the bottom was deep enough for them to go to the bathroom and not get it every where.This probably would be a better cage for rats .
 I was really disappointed with this.The Good : - only took about 20 minutes to put together , all the tools you need are included - good size , small footprint - very good door placement , all the spots are easy to reach - easy to remove cage part for cleaning the bottom - you do n't need them , but the instructions are very clear - looks like it 'd be fun if it worked - the solid bottom with deep sides is an excellent design for cleaning , you ca n't really appreciate this until you 've tried anything elseThe Bad : - super-cheap plastic , my ramp was broken in the box - maybe okay for rats , but all the holes were almost too small for my baby ferrets to get through -LRB- they 're chubby but not THAT chubby -RRB- - my ferrets might be dumber than most , but they could n't figure out how to use the tunnel or spiral stairs , i think mostly because the turns were too sharp and the passage too narrow . they resorted to climbing the cage wall to get to the next level - with the cheap plastic , the ramps/tubes/spiral are not sturdy , they shook horribly , even with my tinniest ferret , this made them very nervous and reluctant to even try using them -LRB- the fastening mechanisms were fine though , i do n't think there was actually any chance of the ramp/tube/spiral actually falling -RRB- - the cage just sits on the wheels , i feel like if there were little kids around they could easily accidentally knock the whole cage over - my ferrets could open the doors , i had to adjust the latches myself with pliers - again with the cheap plastic - the cage fastens to the plastic bottom with 2 small plastic fasteners , which are on the verge of breaking after only taking them off twice -LRB- you 'll probably want to take them off weekly to clean the cage -RRB- - the deep sides on the bottom make it hard for things that latch to the cage bars to reach the floor - litter box / water bottles / food dish were all too high off the groundConclusion : as it is , it 's unusable -LRB- for ferrets -RRB- . i scrapped mine for pieces to build a new cage myself
 After a week my ferrets had the ramp and the slide broke . I figured they were cheap so I made my own , but after a month one of the plastic platforms buckled under their weight . I would NOT recommend this cage to anyone . It is a pain to clean and very cheap construction
 I have replaced the bottom of this cage 4 times !!!! My rats chew through it easily . One time , it only took a day for them to chew through it . I am really getting sick of paying $ 30 for a replacement piece of plastic ! It is really hard to clean too !!! Also , The rat poop and hay is all over my floor . I think it would be better if it was made of metal and had taller sides !
 As most others have said , -LRB- which I wish I had read prior to purchasing -RRB- , this is made with extremely cheap material . My slide was broken out of the box and I sent it back to the local pet store to replace . The ramp is a joke and neither stays on nor functions as a suitable walk-up ramp . I 've had for one week and already the shelves are all sagging -LRB- she 's just a baby ferret !! -RRB- I do n't have a problem cleaning it out , but I have n't found a litter pan that fits correctly either . My ferrets just try to climb up to the shelves by vertically scaling the walls . We took out the ramp and slide and just use various hammocks now for them to walk from hammock to shelf to hammock to shelf . Save your money and buy one that will last . I 'm already trying to figure out how to stabilize the shelves ... after a week . Pathetic .
 Had this cage since Dec. 2007 . It 's VERY hard to clean out . The only plus is that the doors lach good .
 I brought this home for my fuzzy , and I wish I 'd gotten something else . The tunnel at the bottom is too small , so he ignores it , and the windy ramp thing on the 2nd level is n't sturdy at all . I 've actually had to reinforce it so it stops wobbling when he steps onto it . Again , though , it 's too small ; he just uses it to step up to the next level and ignores the holes . I suspect this cage would work well for rats , since they 're smaller , but save yourself the trouble if you 're buying this for a ferret . I 'd rather have simple ramps in the cage between the levels , and I can tell that my little guy agrees with me .
 I do n't know if this cage works better for other critters but its not built for ferrets at all . The ramps are n't at the correct angle for my fuzzy to walk up them . Its also a PAIN to clean and take apart . -LRB- Which happens when your litter training a ferret -RRB- I received this cage free from someone else but its not even worth being free . When I upgrade I 'll probably just throw this away .
 The cage itself is nice , and would be perfect for my ferret . However the package was missing most of the pieces . The sides and pan and shelves were the only thing in the package , no accessories . So we have a stationary cage -LRB- no wheels -RRB- with no way for the ferret to travel between the levels except to climb the sides and nowhere to sleep . Very disappointed .
 Bought to be used with a pair of rats . Took a lot of assembly , wire gauge was `` eh '' , hammock is tissue thin , and the rats spent the first few hours exploring the outside of the cage -- they fit right through the bars . Plastic was high quality and it 's a huge cage . Too bad . The rattys are sleeping under glass tonight .
 I am so disappointed with this cage . I did a lot research on different cages , including reading several reviews here . I have 2 rats and do not see what the rat people on here see in it . It 's extremely flimsy . How this is supposed to hold ferrets is a mystery to me . The actual bars connect so poorly that they pop apart with little effort , the spacing of the bars where the panels connect is much larger than the bar spacing . The slide broke right away . The tube never quite came together how it should . Its entire design , door placement etc. make it a HUGE pain in the behind to clean or rearrange the shelves . Dont waste your money , I 'm thinking the people who say it 's great for the price get ripped off a lot !
 This cage is horrible . I could go on and on about how much I hate it.-my ferret has no room to play in it.-the ramp and slide broke in about a month.-he has to climb the side of the cage witch makes an awful sound when you are trying to sleep.-my baby ferret that i only had for a few months died because he fell off the top shelf . -LRB- horrible safety problems -RRB- - they cold easily get out of the doors . I had to go out and buy locks so they did n't escape . -LRB- again with safety -RRB- - the shelves sag , and they collect food and poop in the little grooves , it makes it really hard to clean.-the tiny doors also make it hard to clean.I just absolutely hate this cage . After ronnie died I went out and bought a quality cage company ferret cage . It was with the money .
 At first glance , I loved this cage for my pet rats . It was recommended to me by a sales associate at PetsMart . First , my young rats could get through the bars!Second , the shelves do n't stay where they 're supposed to stay . They pop out of place.And cleaning the cage ? Forget it . It takes forever to clean , the shelves pop out of place , and the top wo n't come off easily to clean the bottom.I promptly returned this cage and bought a Critter Nation Double .
 My rats chewed THROUGH the bottom of this cage . Do not buy it if they are nibblers . I came home to find a hole about the size of a softball in the purple tray at the bottom.I suggest the Rat Manor over this cage any day . Again , this cage is NOT CHEW PROOF !
 I tried the SuperPet cages with ferrets and rats . While SuperPet models do offer a ton of space for your fuzzies , the design is just not user-friendly . The doors are very small and it can be tough getting access to all of your food dishes , hanging toys , and critters . The shelves have a little groove on the inside which tends to collect urine , kibble , and water . They do not unhook from the cage easily , so unless you wipe everything down before pulling it out , you 're likely to scatter yuckiness everywhere.The cages are very heavy and awkward . Yes , you can unhook them from the bottom and clean them as two separate pieces , but getting both to a bathroom or outside for cleaning can be a real chore . They do offer a lot of customization possibilities , but the difficulty of moving things around and putting things back in after a cleaning are just not worth it . I 'd rather get a Ferret Nation or a Martin 's .
 my cage came missing the top piece so i had to destroy their old cage to use piece to make a top myself . Then after using this cage for three days all the levels were just pools of pee and poop i had to clean it 3 times a day or more . Now that i figured out how much i hate this cage , i already destroyed the otherone and threw it out so i had to go buy aother one just like my old one -_- THIS CAGE IS JUNK
 My main issue with this product , is that I purchased it from the manufacturer through Amazon and I was upset to open a package with multiple missing parts . Besides teh hammock missing , half the slide was missing , which effected the entire use of the cage . In addition , it does seem even if the missing parts were included , that this unit would be extremely hard to clean as there are no slide outs of grates . I realized this when purchasing it , of course , but upon further inspection decided that this factor , along with the parts missing , made it necessary for the product to be returned . Also , I do not approve of this for chinchillas . I do understand this is not necessarily a product `` made '' for chinchillas , but Amazon markets it to Chin owners and while some people found the use satisfactory , I do n't think it would work . The plastic could be easily destroyed by nibbling teeth and the tube to go to the bottom is not big enough for most mature Chins . I 'll stick with my two story cage from the breeder until I can save up for one of the pricier Chinchilla cages .
 Decent cage when we set it up . has lots of plastic but then again , so does my honda . first problem is the door is only large enough to use corner litter trays -LRB- which male ferrets do n't like , do the math on what happens when they do n't like the litter trays . -RRB- within 2 months our male ferret had learned how to open the top door and escape . we dealt with this situation only to find a couple months later he started breaking the welds on the cage wire with his teeth and continued to escape . so 5 months down the road we had to replace the cage . this would be a good cage for most female ferrets since they are usually smaller and dont have a problem with corner litter trays . however the larger , stronger males are able to break out not to mention they avoid the litter trays . if you have the room would reccomend the ferret nation double cage . full opening doors , stronger bars , lots more room and more . you get what you pay for and i wished we would have gone with a better cage to start with instead of cheaping out and wasting $ 80 on a starter cage .
 I bought this as a starter cage , but after two weeks have decided that I have had the cage too long already . The setup was not hard , getting the cage on the base in the right spot was a bit tricky by myself though , one side always ended up in the wrong spot so none of them would go in right . So this made me not want to take the cage off the base very often.My ferret has already fallen off of the top shelf , and although he did n't get hurt it definitely gave me something to worry about . He seems to be able to get up the slide and other bottom tunnel but it does n't look like he 's having fun and most of the time he avoids them and has even pooped on the slide as if trying to tell me something . Although a ferret is not that heavy the shelves still seem on the weak side and when I 'm cleaning them they bow in the middle . The doors pop right open which he has almost figured out , and if you twist the piece around the bar to secure it , it does not come back out easily and the bar its wrapped around starts to bend . The ladder always falls off , and is a pain to reattach , and the slide is very flimsy and I 'm kind of glad he does n't like it because I keep thinking it 's going to fall apart when he 's on it.Cleaning is a nightmare , my little guy is not using his litter box all the time yet and trying to access the various spots is twisting arm pain . The crevices in the shelves must be getting poo stuck in them because he keeps using the same spot on one of them , despite my cleaning . You can take the shelves off and probably scrub them , but getting the shelves out and in is a large project especially if you need to do it daily or even weekly . Oh and the hammock it comes with has been rejected by my little friend , not a big deal but it was kind of nice not having to worry about buying one with all the other stuff I already had to get . It 's not a very nice material.I also have a dog and I do not feel safe leaving her in the same room as the cage , I think the dog could pulverize the cage in a matter of seconds not hours.All in all this cage has provided my ferret with a home for a few weeks but I am very excited to have my ferret nation arriving soon and will probably not waste my money again on one of these .
 I have two ferrets from a prior owner who had this cage and a Marshall cage . We decided to put this one in my boyfriend 's house for when I visited . The cage really is n't for ferrets - they are fully grown and too big to go up or down the slide or through the tubes . One of them just climbs up the bars to get up and down . This is probably great for rats and hamsters and such , but definitely not for ferrets .
 The cage was in great condition and easy to put together for me but the size was really small for just one of my ferrets . The picture looks great on the box but I dont think its a good cage for ferrets . Every thing in the cage was just too small .
 We bought this cage for our lil ferret girl Miley and it was a hassel from get go . Putting it together was very hard becuase the snap together parts did n't snap together very well in fact the slide does n't stay up and the ramp does not stay in place . It does have easy assable doors to let you get your pet where ever it maby be in the cage and so far she has n't got out of the cage so that is why I gave it a star however the cage is very low quality . The sleves are very flimsy the slide , ramp and tunnel do not stay together very well and the cage is impossible to clean unless you are a good contorsionist . It takes two people to clean it really becuase both people have to lift the cage part off the base and to put it bact on . What a 10 to 15min job should be is like a 30 to 45min job with this cage . Also you have to either let the ferret run loose or have a kennel handy when cleaning the cage . I rather not remove the shelves becuase of fear of never getting them back on due to all the trouble it was to put them in the first place . Please save your money and buy another cage , if you can spare 5o bucks more you can buy a much better quality cage that is easier to clean .
 This is not the home you want for your little fuzzy . They easily fall off the ledges and get hurt very badly . It may be expensive but is better in the long run just to get the Midwest Ferret Nation cage.Also they chew through the plastic whether you let them out or not , it is not sturdy and very hard to clean !
 I got this cage mostly because I needed somewhere to house a new baby ferret ... but this cage is junk and reminded me of why I stopped buying super pets cages . Single level cages are okay but this is the second multi level home I 've had and the second one I got tired of . This cage lasted me a few hours until I got online and bought a different one . The bars do n't snap together very securely . They ramp came broken so the top level is unable to be used at the current moment . And I got a baby ferret who needs a little bit of training on the litter pan so he went to the bathroom in the corner , it dropped down into the bars making me have to remove the entire metal cage piece to clean it . I used to have a ferret nation cage with my old ferrets so maybe I 'm spoiled on cages but I hate this cage . Also because of it 's 2 feet depth and odd square shaped base , it is impossible for someone to reach to the back corner to clean ... that was the final straw for me . . So I bought another cage with better reviews for $ 20 more . . I ca n't wait to return this junk or sell it . .
 I bought this cage for two adult rats . The rats loved the cage . It was very spaciousand had tons of room for them to run around . After having the cage for a couple of weeks , the older rat , Samantha escaped from the cage two nights in a row . We tried placing cardboard around the edges of the top of the cage , Samantha got out again . We then tried to place wood blocks on the top of the cage because we learned she was squeezing between the bars at the top . This did n't work either . Samantha has escaped a total of ten times from this cage in the middle of the night . Several of the members of the family have been awaken in the middle of the night with the rat crawling on them . I wouldnt recommend this cage to anyone who has pet rats ! Total waste of money ! We have two large dogs in our house , which makes this cage completely unsafe for the rats . At any time of her escape our dogs could have ate our beloved pet rat .
 Our dogs love tennis balls , so loved the bone when we bought it . It gives to allow chewing on it and squeaks ... but our lab/shepherd -LRB- who is an aggressive chewer -RRB- had the nub torn off within minutes ... they still chew on it ... but it is not a durable item for dogs who really chew . Better money spent on the tennis ball ... Two stars for interest ... but one or less for value in $ spent .
 We bought this toy for our 8 year old , 73 pound , Airedale Terrier and he immediately loved it ! Sadly , we had to take it from him in less than an hour because he started to rip the yellow fuzz off and expose the squeaker . It 's too bad , because he really took to this toy straight away . I know it 's not a `` chew toy '' but expected for it to last longer than 50 minutes .
 I really like the size and base construction . Problem is the tennis ball type material that covers the bone seems unnecessary and was compromized in 5 minutes of the dog playing with it . This was probably the shortest lived toy ever for this dog . He is a 55 pound Golden Doodle .
 Our corgi loves this toy , but it did not last more than a couple of weeks . The cover seam parted after some play time and it did not take long for the entire cover to start coming off .
 I think dog toy would have been better had it been made out of some kind of silicone outer layer , and not the fuzzy tennis ball it is . For little dogs with little teeth they tend to pull the fuzzy layer off and then you find it all over your house and some I 'm sure got eaten by the puppy . I even found my older dog with some of it in her mouth so I know my puppy ate some of it .
 Our 7month old maltipoo loves to play with tennis balls and squeaky toys , so we thought this would be great . unfortunately , he tore off the covering on this toy in 5 minutes ! do n't bother with it .
 I purchased thinking that the squeaker was built into the middle of the toy . My 1 year old beagle was smarter than me and discovered it was set into one of the ends . He promptly tore off the yellow fuzz around only the squeaker part and once exposed , pulled the squeaker value out . Luckily I was monitoring his play time so I prevented him from eating it.At least it seems resistant to puncturing and still works as a toy . I do n't think my dog will have much interest in it anymore without the squeak however . Maybe he 'll still enjoy tearing off the yellow fuzz -LRB- which may be the only thing he wo n't eat -RRB- . His purpose in life is to locate and destroy the squeaker . This toy was no challenge for him .
 Yep , Unlike the original KONG , these were goners . I was hoping they would last somewhat as long as the KONGS . They did not , wo n't buy anything other than the original !
 I have a brutally aggressive chewer -LRB- 35 pound springer spaniel mix -RRB- . She uses her incisors to rip toys apart . She immediately ripped the fabric off the toy . The pieces of the bone were in the trash within five minutes .
 Chewbone is not durable enough for a dog to chew . It lasted no timeWhat a rip-off !
 My English Cocker Spaniel had this ruined within 30 minutes . Not one that I would buy if your dog is good at taking soft toys apart .
 Dog ripped the felt off in less than a half hour . Expected a little better quality . Still squeaks after all the felt was removed .
 My Shepard was able to get to squeaker and rip it out upon presentation . Unless constant monitoring of item is enlisted it will be torn apart in minutes by your large dog .
 I thought KONG was supposed to be a very durable brand of chew toys . The night this product arrived , my 1 year old Beagle had it destroyed in less an than hour . It seemed to break apart very quickly and the quality of this toy is very poor .
 When they say small , they mean small . I love the Kong products for my 1 year old german shepherd that has chewed through every toy I have ever bought ... Kong products usually last an extra day or two ... . I could n't even give him this one without fear of him swallowing it . I gave it to a friend with a small dog . Good but for small dogs only !
 I bought three of these Air Dog toys in different shapes and my small dachshund-chihuahua mix chewed them all up in less than two hours . I know it says in small print that they are made as `` toss '' toys , not for chewing , try telling that to your dog . The most dangerous thing of all is that the `` squeaker '' is held in place with a small white plastic screw that is the first thing to come out and can easily be swallowed by any dog . Luckily I found all three screws on the floor and not in his throat . I normally like Kong products , but definitely not these .
 These pellets float around on top until they get caught up in enough current from a powerhead to get pushed under . Specifically wanted a sinking pellet , I would not buy again . My fish seem to like it , some just do n't get much to eat because they are too skitish or its against thier nature , to eat from the surface .
 Our dog is a chewer . This toy tok ten minutes to totally demolish.It loked like hard rubber but was not even close . Would I recommend this one ? . Nope !!
 Just do n't give this to them . In case you have n't heard ` The Real Ham Bone ' by Dynamic Pet Products is being investigated for a bone similar to this ... many dogs have died or became ill because little pieces of these kinds of bones cause blockages and later sepsis in their bodies . No , this is n't the brand that is being investigated but , it 's the same kind of bone . Do n't do it !
 This toy ripped open along the arm seam from the neck to the `` armpit '' during the very first game of tug-of-war .
 Turtles didnt like it ... they 'd only eat it if I fed them only it and they got hungry enough after several days . Not much more to be said . Could have just been my weird turtles but they didnt have problems with ANY other foods
 These kits are rotten , the results are terribly inaccurate . They say to wait 10 -20 minutes to get proper results tsting ammonia and nitrate and both tests just get darker and darker even in FRESH MIX SEA WATER with no opportunity for ammonia to be there.Never buy em again .
 It was hard to tell exactly what the toy was based on the photo but since the reviews were so good -LRB- and it was pretty cheap -RRB- I decided to purchase it anyway . To be honest , I am not impressed and neither were my cats . I was not surprised that my 15 year old cat was not interested . Give him a string and he will play for hours . Other than that he does not like much . However , I expected my 4 1/2 month kitten to love it . Nope . He will dab at it a few times but quickly loses interest . Instead , he likes to bat at the occassional pellet that they track out of the Breeze Litter box . Go figure !
 I made the horrible mistake of leaving this toy out one night . The next morning my husband found my poor cat tangled up with the toy -LRB- wire -RRB- wrapped around his body so tight it blocked blood supply . We rushed him to the Animal emergency . Our dear Sparta had to be put down . To much damage had been done to his internal organs from lack of blood supply.I blame myself for not being more careful but It was a cat toy and should be made safe ! Cats love this toy , but it 's not worth it . Accidents can happen to easily . Please beware .
 I did n't grasp this toy neither did my cats they looked at me like , Why did you waste your money on this piece of cardboard ? Happy that I did n't pay to much for it , but was still to much since I threw it away . Maybe for kittens it 'll work and you have the time to play all day to get them interested in this toy . Your cat will probably have more fun with an empty tissue roller , it 's made from the same material it looks like .
 This is just a piece of flexible wire that has cardboard attached on the ends . My cat turns her nose and back on it . She 's very curious and to have her ignore this toy , I 'd say - Not for my cat !
 My cat did n't really care for it . And its so cheap you could make something similar yourself.its just a piece of wire and some cardboard .
 My cats love Da Bird cat toy but for whatever reason they are not in the least bit interested in this . They are probably just spoiled , but if you are looking for a cat toy , you are better off spending a few bucks more for a Da Bird , than wasting your money on this . Just sayin ...
 I bought this for our 9 month old kitten . Unfortunately , he shows no interest whatsoever in it . I 've tried moving it in all different ways . He looks at it for a few seconds then walks away to play with other things . Our older cat is n't even curious about it . I 'm sure some cats would love this , but it 's not for ours .
 After all these glowing reviews , I decided to spend the equivalent of a Starbucks and order my cat this toy . What a waste . When I opened the box , it was a piece of wire with cardboard at each end . But , again having read the reviews , I thought , well , let 's give it a try , perhaps the wire will awake some primal hunting instinct . Wrong . My cat looked at me like `` You 've GOT to be kidding !! '' And I realized I could have made this toy with a simple trip to the hardware store . I say spend a little more money and get your cat `` Da Bird '' ... Da Bird Interactive Feather Cat Toy - Easy Store / Pull Apart Rod ... he or she will LOVE it !
 My four cats love this , but I am not comfortable letting them play with this product . Smacks in the face and inevitable chomps on the wire just make me uneasy . I prefer using Da Bird , which they love even more than the Cat Dancer , but without the hard springing action that is not in control . A scan of some of the reviews here confirmed that I was not alone in eschewing the Cat Dancer .
 Wow ... this thing sucks . My cats were not interested at all . Cat Dancer makes another toy with some colorful cloth at the end . They preferred that one by far .
 it is just a thin wire with some tiny cardboard tubes tied to each end ... probably fifty cents worth of material if that . My cat batted it a little but did n't care for it much . She loves the 4 dollar soft material strip on a long stick much better and will go to her basket of toys to tell us when she wants to play with the other . the cat dancer toy was a waste of money .
 Not that I blame the toy per se , but really ? 4 buck for a piece of wire with tiny cardboard rolls ? And my cat does n't even like it .
 I found this toy very lacking and not worth the money . My cats do not like to play with this . Very short and cats are not interested in `` cardboard '' which is on the end of toy . do n't bother
 Although there are a lot of good reviews about how other people 's cats loved this item , unfortunately mine did not . I tried dangling it in front of them and just setting it up , but they did n't seem to care . They usually like toys , just glad this one was n't too expensive .
 I 'm no genius , but neither am I a moron . This toy invariably ends up bonking my cat in the nose/face . It consists of a fairly stiff wire with a lure on the end of it . The wire allows the cat to swat at the lure and have it spring back ; however , the wire is pretty invisible and often nails my cat in the face . I 'm tossing my two into the trash in favor of softer toys on a stick .
 This product is a couple pieces of cardboard attached to a wire.When I had read other 's reviews of this , I thought to myself , `` So what ? I 've made tons of cat toys over the years out of string , yarn , crumpled up paper , etc. '' If the maker of this toy had a creative idea in cat toy design , it was worth $ 3.01 to me to find out what that design was.The cat barely noticed the toy , and when he did pay attention , it fell apart quickly.In addition , it is difficult to control to play effectively with the cat .
 This thing is a piece of stiff wire with cardboardy paper bits on the end . My cats sniffed and batted a few times . They occasionally chew on the paper part . Save your money .
 So I 've seen this toy before at the no-kill kitty shelter where I volunteer , and I 've thrown it away not knowing it was an actual toy -LRB- I thought it was some homemade toy made by a kid and left there , or part of a larger damaged toy that would harm the cats if left alone with it -RRB- . None of the cats at the shelter played with this much.Then I decided , based on the good reviews , to buy this for my own 2 cats . What a waste of money ! Maybe a younger kitten might play with this , but not even my crazy , playful 3 yr old kitty would do much than just watch this . Plus , I think at one point while dancing the little cardboard pieces around I might have poked her in the eye accidentally . Dangerous!I 'd recommend either buying `` Da Bird '' or the mouse version of Da Bird . With feathers and mouse tails , those toys actually make sense and bring out the hunter insticts in cats . This Cat Dancer toy might last long , but that 's because it does n't get much use . Also , I feel kind of foolish now for spending good $ on a wire with some cardboard pieces attached !
 Bought this item due to the rave reviews . Maybe I do n't know how to use it properly , but my cats do n't pay it much attention . They were n't let down though , cause it came in the same shipment as their Da Bird toy . At least it was n't very expensive .
 this is a wire with something attached to it-swinging anything at home would work as . I am surprised they advertise this as a product .
 This toy is a waste of money . It is just wire with cardboard attached . My cat would not even acknowledge it was there . This is not worth ordering .
 I bought this product because of the great reviews , but my cat was totally uninterested in this toy . He loves other toys similar to this one , but just was not interested in the bouncy pieces of card board at the end of this toy . I went ahead and attached a feather to it and that peaked his interest , but he still prefers the ones on the rod rather than this wire . I guess it just depends on the cat .
 Cheap toy that consists of a wire with a little cardboard strung on the end . Wire seemed a bit short , and has the potential to cause injury if not used with care . When you use the toy you can hear the wire whizzing through the air , I am sure it does n't feel great if your cat accidentally gets smacked with this . My cat is mildly amused with this , play time is short lived . There are better interactive cat toys to invest in . You get what you pay for .
 The photo indicates this toy has 5 twist cardboard pieces at the end of it , but mine only had one piece . Not much of a toy . I would return it but that 's too much of a bother for a $ 3 item . Too bad because I was thinking of buying a bunch of them for a local shelter , but wo n't now at least not through Amazon . I 've seen them in stores with the 5 pieces -LRB- albeit for higher price -RRB- so will have to get them there .
 I 'm with the dangerous camp on this one . Sharp thin wire and small carboard pieces that a kitty could choke on . Kind of facinated at the 5 star reviews for this cheap quality toy.Additional clarification based on comment received
 I had one of these . The `` fur '' slid around on the loop & my cat got the hook caught in his cheek !!! NOT A SAFE TOY !!!!
 Please do n't purchase this toy . Many kittens and cats are almost like having a toddler in your home their curiosity and `` pounce before you think '' mentality is so innocent . I hate to give such a derogatory and scary review for a product that for play value alone I would actually give a 5 rating . I will admit that in the rush before Christmas I DID NOT read the reviews for this Cat Dancer before I purchased it . That is one of the greatest value 's of Amazon and the ommission was my mistake . FIRST DANGER
 My cat loved this toy but he only has one eye and I 'm not about to risk him losing the other one when the metal `` fish hook '' accidentally pokes it out . If you use this toy make sure you throw it away as soon as the cardboard starts to disintegrate , which it will relatively quickly . I seriously believe this is a semi-dangerous toy , especially in the hands of an annoying rugrat who will swing it around like a bullwhip and be poking out cat eyes left and right .
 I purchased this for my cats and at first they got a few minutes of play out of it , but other toys suit them much better . I would n't buy another one .
 All the positive reviews swayed me into buying this thing.It does what people say ... it entertains cats of all ages.BUT this product is horrifically dangerous!I played with my 5-month-old kitty ... she went crazy for it , but she ended up biting the little metal part between the cardboard pieces.She lost both of her big bottom teeth from it!I feel so sick and guilty about it ... she kept opening her little mouth and licking the air , because she knew something was wrong.She 's not in any pain , and my Vet said that those teeth will actually grow back since she 's so young.But people need to know how dangerous this is ... it 's essentially a coat hanger , so I 'm sure full-sized cats lose teeth from this thing too.I know you 're not supposed to let them bite it . But you have to let them catch it once in while , and it 's just not safe for any cat to bite the cardboard , with the metal being so close to it.It 's not worth the risk ... stick with safe toys!I hate you , Cat Dancer .
 Your mileage may differ , but my cat was completely uninterested in the Cat Dancer . She literally would not even look at it.I think this would be best for very young kittens who will bat at anything that moves .
 I thought this toy was a little odd - a wire with rolled cardboard on the end . its seemed springy enough to get my cats attention . But they did n't think much of it . Did n't entice them one bit . Then when i inspected it , i noticed that the wire was looped around the last cardboard ` stick ' - the edge of the wire was somewhat sharp . guess it is safe enough but its just not worth it - and they did n't like it anyway ... so that was that . shipping was fast .
 The cardboard at the end did n't hold the cats interest much and the other end is awkward to hold . The movement is pretty random but they did n't go for it . Would need to be used on a younger cat.I bought two other cat toys at the same time to test them out.Cat Dancer Cat Charmer . It comes as a piece of fleece on a pole that is too short -LRB- shorter then the picture looks -RRB- , you have to be standing next to your cat to get it above them . I could see the pattern on the material but it did n't interest my 2 grown cats that much . One cat sprints after a laser pointer for minutes at a time but the cat charmer did n't hold her interest for long . The other cat is more laid back and did n't care for it.Da birdDa Bird Interactive Feather Cat Toy -LRB- easy store pull apart rod -RRB- had a nice design that made the feathers spin while in air . The pull apart rod was sturdy enough and let you manage up close with it . Interested my lazy cat to bat it , he liked feathers as a kitten so these toys probably work best when introduced young .
 This is just a useless piece of wire with some cardboard `` twisties '' at each end . My cat was totally unimpressed and he will play with everything . Cost is n't a problem but advertising as `` Interactive '' is misleading . If it could be attached from the middle I could see possibilities . Anyway not worth the few dollars . Get a free piece of crumpled paper or an empty box . Much moreInteractive '' .
 I thought my cat would like this toy as much as other pole toys he loves . Eh , he really did not go for the Cat Dancer like I had hoped . I 'll stick with the Da Bird .
 My cat was n't interested at all in playing with this toy , so I have to give it a thumbs down .
 My cat loved this toy , it got tangled with another toy and was stuck around her leg , I had to hurt her to get it off , I would never leave laying around if not home she would have probably lost keg or worse !!!!!!!! I threw away
 I was not satisfied with this toy because I do n't like my cats chewing on metal wire , and I was also concerned about the wire hitting them in the eye .
 Pure GARBAGE ! Do n't wast your time or money ! Not worth $ .99 Cents . I could make something better myself !! Skip this product !!!!!
 Ordered slicker brush in a size small , thinking it would be smaller than the brush my husband had purchased in a size large at the local farm store . When I received the brush it was the same size as the large . Will not return due to the shipping charge . Still too large to use on a teacup yorkie . Still looking for small slicker brush . Disappointed in size . Also it claimed to be a soft slicker brush , but the only thing soft was the handle , and it was rubber coated .
 This brush is not worth the $ 12 it cost to get it to me.Design looks acceptable but it is very awkward , hard to find a comfortable position where the brushcan be used properly and does n't slip out of my hand .
 My 35 lb . springer spaniel mix is an aggressive chewer . She immediately tore the fabric lining off this bone and had it in small pieces in 10 minutes or so . This toy is not tough enough for aggressive chewers .
 My Dachshund started to tear off the tennis ball type material within 60 seconds and within 10 minutes had to whole toy scalped .
 I brought this product to help housetrain my dachshund/maltese puppy . Since we adopted her a month ago , she has continued to mess in the house , despite our best efforts to teach her to use the doggy door . Realizing that she was at least toileting only in certain parts of the house , I felt that training pads would help to prevent the floor from becoming stained and smelly . Eventually , I hope to slowly move the pads outside and get her fully house-trained . I brought a pack of 50 pads , hoping to give them a try and then buy a greater number if the brand worked as desired . Unfortunately , after trying the product for the last three days , I must say that I will be trying alternative brands when these have all gone.Simply put , these pads are not very absorbent at all . After my dog has urinated on the pads , the liquid quickly seeps through and dampens the floor beneath . This leaves me having to mop , disinfect and deodorize the area every time my dog uses the pads . This is not what I intended ! On the tiled flooring , this is n't so bad , but I wanted something that would stop the bedroom carpet being ruined . And this product just is not going to do it.Not only does the urine soak right through to the floor , but it also remains wetter on the top than I would have expected . If my dog walks on the pads after she 's relieved herself , her paws are damp with urine.On a positive note , I 'm not sure whether it is because of simple luck -LRB- I have been placing the pads exactly where my dog continues to mess -RRB- or the scent of the pads themselves -LRB- meant to encourage dogs to use the pads -RRB- , but so far , my dog has had about an 80 % success rate using these pads . They are fairly large , so when she does use them , they easily contain her mess.Another positive thing I can say about these pads is that my dog , -LRB- thankfully -RRB- has not attempted to use them as a toy . She would typically try to play or destroy anything that she can , yet she simply uses these pads for the purpose they are intended and leaves them alone at all other times . I was rather impressed -LRB- do n't know if that 's just my dog that does n't want to play with them , or whether the product has some scent that discourages her from using them as a play thing . -RRB-
 This is my second or third box of weewee pad . The other boxes worked well and absorbed what it is intended to absorb . This current box is not doing the job . I have to put one on top of the other to hope for absorption.This is very disappointing and a waste of money . Why happened to this one product ?
 Pros
 Puppies need larger sheets , and these are too small . Otherwise , just buy the generic ones .
 This male puppy -LRB- Pom / Yorkie -RRB- peed every where ; but on the pad . So did n't work out for our needs ! Purchased for our sons new pup
 compare to others I tried before you need at least 2 pads for half of the results ... it is like they chose only products with defect.So avoid buying this crap .
 I got these because of the good reviews and even bought the 150-pak right away . They 're not as absorbent as I would have thought . My breeder actually gave me a couple of pads when I picked up my Yorkshire Terrier and I used those first because I figured it would remind my new baby of his old home . They were fine ! My Yorkie is so small , just 2.5 lbs so when he goes pee , it 's not THAT much pee . I leave the pee pad there after he uses it since I 'm trying to housebreak him so he would come back there . The first weekend we switched the pads every other day and only because our Yorkie liked to rest on the pad so we didnt want it to be TOO dirty.After I ran out , I started using these wee-wee pads and once he pees , I can see the blue underneath already ! It 's not leaking through but if I can already see the blue I feel like it 's not that absorbent at ALL ! I had to switch it everyday . When I pick it up , I need to wipe the floor underneath it just in case -LRB- because the outside of the pad feels damp -RRB- . I do n't actually end up wiping anything but the damp feeling makes me feel ehhh about it all.I have 145 more of these pads to go through . I guess it 's a good thing I need to make sure it 's changed everyday then because then I can go through it faster ...
 These were on sale orginal price was 59.95 for 6.25 . I thought they would be bigger and thicker.They are very small and hardly worth the sale price the 59.95 as orginal price is a joke they should take that off the ad
 These pads are the worst . They leak right through the pad back to the floor and are flimsy that if you have air flow they will fold over .
 I mistakenly ordered this brand of pads , when I meant to REORDER another brand I 've used . But since I 'd run out , I just accepted this order and began using it . It took me a while ... I thought I waa imaginging things but ... the cotton inside these pads is not uniform at all . There are entire sections of the pad where I can see clear through the other side of the blue plastic , because there is no cotton in between.My other pads I 'd bought ... they were VERY white all the way through the entire pad . These pads are white in part , and blue in others -LRB- cuz there 's no cotton -RRB- . Someone else in a review said that there were better quality pads out there , made in the U.S. I did n't notice but let me guess ... these ones come from -LRB- ugh -RRB- China ?? I ca n't think of anything of good quality that ever comes out of China ...
 The liquids saturate through to the floor . And this is for a 10 pound dog.I would not recommend this product . There are USA made ones that are much better quality.Sorry , but they did not save much time in cleanup .
 Unfortunately , these pads did not work very well . If my puppy peed near the edge of the pad the urine would not absorb but would run out onto the floor and under the pad . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B002VS6PYE Four Paws Wee Wee Housebreaking Pads 150/Pkg -RRB- . Will not buy again .
 I do n't know where these came from if there to old or something is wrong with them , but our 3 month old Yorkies wo n't use them they want to tear them up every time we put a new one in the tray .
 I just received from Amazon a box of 150 Four Paws Wee-Wee pads -LRB- march 22nd delivery -RRB- . They are decidedly thinner that any I 've purchased before and , therefore , are more susceptible to leakage.I do n't know why the company made them thinner but it was a poor idea . Was it to make more of the almighty dollar by providing less ? PerhapsWee-Wee Housebreaking Pads for Dogs , 150-PackWEE WEE PADS PUPPIES , Size
 ***** Update - since writing my review I have changed my mind about this product . The first small package was great but I 'm finding that with my second purchase , a 150-count box , about half the pads do not absorb well at all . ***** When my usual Iris brand puppy pads were dropped from the Prime free shipping program I decided to try these in the smallest quantity just in case they were n't up to snuff . I have a cat who will poop in her litter boxes but wo n't wee in them . I have to keep her highness supplied with several `` urination stations '' -LRB- small low-sided litter pans with folded baby blanket and wee-wee pad on top -RRB- lest she opt for the carpet . I was afraid these pads would be so different she would not use them but she does use them and they are actually better than the Iris in a couple of ways . They are larger than the regular size Iris and the plastic backing is a blue that even with my low functioning eyeballs I can tell without feeling which side is which . And I think these pads are more absorbent too . I 'll be buying the 150 pack next . The 150 pack is a rigid cardboard box . It is much easier to remove the pads from than the plastic bag-like packaging of the Iris brand .
 I have bought this product 3 times and by each time the pads are getting thinner and thinner . I have rescued a very fearful dog and she is afraid to go potty outside of the home . I have to keep looking for a better quality pad . Sad that I have to change .
 I bought this product before and it was fine . This latest box of 150 pads is defective . The center of the pads leak , even if you pile them on top of each other . For a while we thought our dog was missing the pads until we realized that urine seeped through the pads immediately after my dog used them . These defective pads are in the middle of the box of pads . The ones on top seemed to be fine.My wood floor beneath these pads has taken a beating from these leaking pads . My dog is 10 + years old and has been using pads since she was 3 months old . This is the first bad experience I have ever had with pee pads and I must now run out to pet smart to buy a box . At least there if they are defective I can return them , anytime , without a problem . these I will have to chuck without a replacement or refund . Not right .
 I 'll keep it short and to the point . I have a 5 lb maltipoo and when my little tiny dog goes pee on the pad it soaks and spreads throughout half the pad . Just from one pee pee then I have to change the pad . They work no better than a less expensive brand here on amazon .
 I used this pee pad for my dogs to pee on when they could n't go out and wondered for months why I still smelled their urine after replacing the pads . After checking every crevice of my house for pee spots , I finally got around to checking the pads themselves . As it turns out , they are NOT completely waterproof . Apparently the plastic lining is not really plastic , because after checking the pad directly after a spill , I felt -LRB- and smelled ! -RRB- urine seeping directly through the pad.I resorted to double padding , and sure enough , every urine mark leaves a shadow of urine on the pad underneath it . I suppose it 's still a decent price for the number as long as there 's a double layer , but these pads are still pretty unreliable .
 I was extremely disappointed in the product . The pads have very little stuffing in them and I have to use 2 of them on top of each other . By having to use the 2 pads there goes the savings on this product . Next time I have to order , I will probably go elsewhere .
 These pee pads are so flimsy and thin , they wo n't even absorb the pee from a miniature dauchshund ! She weighs less than a house plant , and every OTHER pee pad product we 've used , we 've at least had SOME degree of success ! If the animal does n't hit the exact center , like a bulls-eye , it 's poring out the side of the pad , and down my `` old house , sloping '' floor ! I will never be buying this mistake again !
 Those pads are way too thin . I tried several other brand and those are the worst . We have a tea cup poodle that usually wet a 2 inches round spot on previous pad . But with these pads , she makes a 10 inches spot ! So all her fluffy paws become damped with pee and when she jumps out the tray , she makes wet marks on the hard wood floor everywhere . That 's not good ... I bought the box of 150 and return deadline is over so I ca n't return it -LRB- without paying for shipping and getting only partial refund -RRB- . So I am stuck with them . Anybody here -LRB- that gave a 5 stars review -RRB- that would like to buy them back from me ? I 'm in San Diego ... :-RRB- Just add a comment to this review with email ... Only good point is , the pad does n't smell pee after a while , like some other brand does .
 These are inferior pads all around . They do not hold the urine well . If not disposed of quickly te urine seeps through . Ihave to double them up . Sorry I purchased two cases and not a smaller amount .
 Until this order , we have found wee-wee pads to be the best choice on the market -- saving us lots of roll off cleanups . For some reason this batch is not doing the job . Make me wonder if the good price is because these are a knock off .
 These pads are very slow at absorbing urine . When my small dogs -LRB- 11 and 13 lbs -RRB- go in the center area , the urine spreads out into a large circle . If they go near the edge but still on the padded area , the urine simply rolls off the edge of the pad and onto the floor .
 I was reading some of the recent reviews and it seemed like this would be a great product . I was using the Simple Solution puppy pads but I noticed that they recently became thinner and less absorbent . I was VERY disappointed upon receiving these . They are probably the LEAST absorbent pads I 've ever purchased , and SUPER thin . Definitely sending these back . Guess I 'll stick with SS .
 Pee leaks through plastic ! Ended up buying a holder to protect my floors . Not worth the price or shipping price
 Not much point in using a pee pad that the pee leaks right through ... do n't buy these and waste your money like I did .
 My first order of 150 of these pads was fine and did n't leak so I ordered 2 boxes of 150 pads and they leak BAD ! I have used approx 15 of them so far for a 4 1/2 lb Maltese and the floor was all wet underneath so these pads are definately not worth buying again !!! Seems they have made the blue liner thinner and cheaper so what you will get is a product that will ruin your floors . DO NOT BUY until they change back to the ones that DO work and we get what we are paying for .
 I have purchased a box of 150 Wee Wee Pads from Amazon before and the box I received looked exactly like the one in the picture displayed.I would give it a 4-4 .5 stars because it does it 's job . My puppy was potty trained really quickly but it did n't exactly absorb everything . But like I said , it did it 's job . I 'd rather clean up my puppy 's mess from one area than in more than one place around the house.After using up all the wee wee pads , I purchased another box of 150 pads and received a different box . The number of pads and the brand was the same but the quality was not . Apparently it has a `` leak-proof 5-ply floor armor system '' . My puppy seems to enjoy tearing and ripping through it & even eating it . Although I can see that it does absorb a lot better , it also seems to rip more easily and has more separated cotton -LRB- ? -RRB- which may be why my puppy seems to love tearing it apart . I have replaced his pads over and over again which results in a waste of unused pads . I have had to take it away for periods of time so he ends up peeing all over the place again and it 's been driving me nuts.So in a way , I guess this low review is partially Amazon 's fault . They misrepresented the product because I was expecting the same quality of wee wee pads that I ordered the first time around since it worked well for me and my pup .
 These particular pads were thin as paper ! The pee was NOT soaked up at all . I had to use two or three at a time . Very disappointed .
 When I receive a new bag of pet food , I immediately place the food in an airtight container and discard the original package . Diamond Pet Foods has recently issued a large recall due to Salmonella contamination , with this item as one of the affected . I do not have the original bag so can not tell for sure if my item was recalled but the date it was purchased coincides with the manufacturing dates of the recalled product . I am throwing this food away as I do not know if it is safe , it would have been nice of Amazon to notify us about this recall.For more info on the recall , -LSB- ... -RSB- I had just tried switching to this food due to the lower price point . My cat did not like the food so luckily she did n't really touch it . After I discard the remaining 27 lbs in the nearest dumpster , I will be switching back to blue buffalo .
 The coconut hut has a very small whole that most crabs wo n't fit through and its too hard to cut . The background is rolled up so its hard to put in place , you 'll have to put it under a heavy book or something and they only give you two , tiny velcros to attach it with . The sand is smaller than what is pictured , its not colored either . The replacement shells are worthless , they are so tiny only very small crabs could use them , smaller than any i 've ever seen for sale . The food is okay , feeding shells are nice size . the sponge is very small they cut it instead of giving you a naturally formed sponge .
 I bought this because my daughter love my hermit crabs and she want to start a tank of her own . I told her she had to pay for at least half the cost of set up . When we resided this first the sand bag was riped open and leaking every where second the bag of sand shown is a 2 lbs bag not what was in the box it was a 1/2 lbs bag . Third The crab shack was tore up and busted . Do n't buy this at any price . Thank you .
 The telescoping handles do not lock properly in place so any time pressure is put on either the scoop or the scraper , the handles collapse down . I 'm not sure what they use for adhesive for the hand grips , but it is oily . When the weather warms up at all , it leaks from under the hand grip and runs down the handle which ends up on your fingers . When hung by the loop on the hand grip , the handles have slid out of the hand grip leaving the tools to fall to the floor . I have found a garden rake and a sand shovel much more useful in cleaning up my yard .
 I 'm sure the product does it 's job and for that I gave it two stars , but I was looking for pyrethrin alone , without all the added other pesticides , and this product only has 0.97 % pyrethrin in it . Less than a single percentage . Very disappointed that fact was n't made clear as the name of it implies that it 's the main ingredient , and you ca n't read it from the picture .
 Initially these pants were fine . After a couple of washings the material separated from the edge binding . For the price , they were a disappointment .
 I bought this product for my paraplegic kitty with incontinence . It did not fit . The only measurement around the waist does not provide enough information for you to understand whether this garment is right for your pet or not . The cutout for the tail is HUGE -LRB- 4 '' in diameter -RRB- and everything -LRB- pooing and peeing parts of the body -RRB- is exposed through it making this garment completely ridiculous and useless . So , if someone wants to use it for the dog in heat - it 's , quite likely , not going to work . The front part of the garment is too long and even if it is gathered with the elastic band - it does not fit snugly around the pet 's legs exposing everything yet again and it looks very baggy , not wide enough and uncomfortable . The welt fabric of this garment is not soft enough and may cause irritation and even sores on a very tender inner legs ' and tummy 's skin . The Velcro used there is so stiff , that it makes very loud popping/crinkling sounds when bent and it looks like it is an industrial strength Velcro . The elastic gathering of the front of the garment is not elastic enough to provide snuggle yet comfortable fit around the pet 's waste and I think that it might cause digestion problems like acid reflux .
 This looked great at first , but the lid kept popping open on it 's own.I would hear a loud crashing sound and the lid would be open . I really do n't know if my hamster learned to twist the lid open since the lid is very easily twisted to open.I only had this for 2 days and I regret buying it.The lid flew open again in the middle of the night which lead to my hamster 's tragic death . My dog found the hamster before I did !!!!
 My hamster died because of this !!! he was trying to get down from the tube and he fell head first down the tube and hit his head and died!DONT buy this unless you want your hamster to die .
 I completed a search for ferret tubes and this item came up and I got it , when I recieved it , it was TOO SMALL for ferrets to use .
 This product is good quality and fits in the Crittertrail cages very well . However ! My hamster is a boy and a bit on the larger side and NEVER went up in the lookout tower . There 's not much area in the little dome for them to sleep . Perhaps if I had a smaller hamster , he would have enjoyed it .
 I bought this to add to a basic Crittertrail cage and the only place to attach it is the sides of the cage . Well , it 's top heavy and swings over . Plus my dwarf hamster was too scared to go down the long section of tubing once she got up to the lookout on top . I was able to take out one section and then it became a little more stable plus Mochi could climb down . However , there is no room in the lookout for bedding and my hammie just huddles up there and stays when I attach it . Not sure if she 's happy up there or not , so most of the time , it 's detached . I think if the little room had and entrance and exit and tubes that went over top or side of cage , this would be a better addition .
 I bought this to add on to my crittertrail cage , it was a disaster !! It does n't stand up by itself when attached to the cage and so i have to prop it against a wall ! Also the lid comes off easily and my hamster has escaped from it several times luckily i caught him in time !!
 I bought this lookout on tuesday hoping to connect it to my hamster cage . When I got it , I tried to attach it from the top . First , it wouldnt slide into the whole from the top so i had to open the whole top on the cage and put it in like that . Second , the lookout wouldnt stand up ! the hole was bigger then the lookout so the lookout would slide everywhere . I hated this fun-nel ! Its very annoying ! I would n't recommend this item to anyone because I ended up returning it and its really a bother .
 Not designed well . My hamster hates it and all the bedding falls out the whole on the bottom . The green litter box that come with the other kit is designed way better and my hamster always sleeps in it . This one was not worth the money
 I ordered this as it is the food I always use and pay $ 52 for the large bag , did n't realize I was getting the small 4.4 lb bag . This is not a deal . It is higher than I pay at the pet store !
 Got this same 4.4 lb bag at PetSmart for $ 6 . Not a good price Amazon ! Our dog loves it though .
 makes nasty loose poo ! the dry does the same thing . i 've used the puppy & adult formulas with my puppy & 8 year old dog . both get the icky loose and STINKY poo !
 At first glance I thought what a great deal , then I read some of the other reviews and looked a little closer . This claims that the regular list price is $ 51 for a 4 pound bag?GIVE ME A BREAK ! Seriously , Amazon ????
 Long story short , my dog was able to break a big piece off within 15 minutes of receiving it . He is only one year old . Good thing this was cheap !
 I guess I did n't read the info very well because I was shocked when this came at how small it really was . I have a 22lb Jack Russell and this is too small for her .
 buyer beware , wishbone toy only not a 3 pack as advertised , and at three times what it costs in a local store , should have stayed away from non amazon sellers
 The photos here are misleading . There are photos of toys which are NOT included . This is only for 1 toy , not the 3 pictured . Customer service was less than helpful .
 You would think a noose would n't need instructions , but I just could n't get it to stay around my dog . I returned the product.While I did n't like the product , the company was great to work with and gave me no hassle in returning the product .
 This product has long gone to waste on my cabinet of cat treats and nutrition supplements.Like the others reviewing this fur ball digestive aid , my cats would n't eat their food once this `` gravy '' was added . They sniffed at it and walked away.I was sure that with time and patience , my cats would accept and maybe even like the taste of it . That never happened.Unlike some nutritional preparations like NutriCal , this product just is n't paletable to cats.I should have read these reviews before my purchase .
 All three of my cats walked away from their dishes when I added the gravy to their dry food . Waste of money .
 The playser does n't work . I 'm really disappointed . I planned to take it to the dog park and have the dogs run after the light . I 've tried everything but it does n't work !
 It came without batteries and I have not purchased batteries to see how it works . Too bad . Seemed like a good idea , but I DO wish it had come with batteries .
 This halter is very hard to use . It is very difficult to adjust . No matter what I did it remained tight around my puppy 's mouth . She was unable to pant or drink while it was on . I should have spent the money and gotten a Halti or Gentle Leader .
 by the time I figured out how to put the harness on my dog , we were both frustated . I bought another kind that is adjustable and once he was fitted , all he has to do is step into it -LRB- which took only one time -RRB- then it just clips on , much better and it keeps him from pulling on the leash .
 Looking at this item I just could not figure out 2 things 1 - how does it keep from tightening if the dog does pull ? and 2 - why does the leash part come off to one side rather than the underside so that you could walk the dog on either side - in the pic you can see the woman has the dog on her left - what happens if the dog crosses over to the other side ? With a gentle leader this is a little bit of a problem but then I just flip the leash to the otherside - with this I could not envision doing that because the leash still comes out to the side.Well within a few minutes of using it I had my answer - there is no way to prevent either of these issues from happening and for me that is a problem ! How can you give a correction if it gets tighter and stays tight ? What I really do n't like is that when it does stay tight it is sometimes not noticeable because they can still open their mouth and it looks loose but then you feel the part behind their ears and that is where the tightness stays!I walk my 105lb Moose on a gentle leader every day and he has no issues with it -LRB- though b/c of my own in attention to ` corrections ' he will now pull on that - my bad though - it has been an excellent solution -RRB- . But the first time I putt his on him he refused to move - it is just like his gentle leader but can be fit looser to start with . I convinced him to move we went on a walk with me loosening it every 2 minutes I would guess -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- . Then we get to the front yard and he once again refuses to move - maybe mad about a shorter than usual walk but the thing that made this a serious problem is that I could not pull him to get him to move because it just keeps tightening ! Scary tight ! With the gentle leader the nose loop tightens until their mouth is closed but it can not get tighter - this can keep tightening - there is nothing to stop it ! I wo n't blame the leash for why he was being so stubborn but it is definitely the reason he won that battle ! -LRB- Seriously my dog is not that out of control either ! He is just big and strong ! -RRB- . So if the gentle leader works so well why did I get this ? Because I foster other dogs and as a rule they are all horrible on a leash because they have never been on one . I did not want to get another gentle leader because I would have to re-adjust it for each dog and this seemed like a better general tool for that . It is really easy to put on and the one foster I have tried this on accepted it immediately with nothing more than praise -LRB- not sure if that is just her personality though . -RRB- which is a great thing ! It is light weight and very strong and has reflective material along the whole thing and that is a bonus . Premier brand stuff is generally well made and this is no exception ! However , it is poorly designed in my opinion . There needs to be a stop that prevents it from tightening beyond a certain point -LRB- it would add one step to the adjustment process but worth it -RRB- and something that allows it to slip back to a loose state after a tug . I would love to see them improve on this.Read the other reviews to decide if this is right for your situaton - maybe it will work for you - A dog that walks at a nice ` heel ' would do great in this but then why have it ? If you have a dog who is likely to still pull then I do n't recommend this . If you do get it just be sure to check the tightness of the part behind the ears during your walk , do n't rely on looking at the nose loop to determine it is loose enough .
 I had to return 2 of these harnesses -LRB- and got dinged a 20 % restocking fee from this seller - on top of the cost of shipping both ways -RRB- . This harness does not work with all dogs . Both my dogs fit the `` girth measurement '' but the loop where the leash attaches drags on the ground . My two dogs were able to walk out of the thing and kept getting their front legs tangled up . Also there is one dimension where the harness ca n't be adjusted so you might find , as I did , that the girth measurement is correct , but it still is too big for your dog . The description should have warned the owners of `` short '' dogs that this would not be a good choice.If you want to try this out on your dog , buy it from a dealer who will refund ALL the purchase price without a 20 % restocking fee . It 's too risky otherwise .
 I did n't have a chance to test this product due to the lousy customer service . I ordered a ` Tweener size and received a medium . When I attempted to return the medium for a larger size , the company sent another medium . Then I ended up returning both harnesses because I did n't want to give them another chance to mess up my order . As of this time , my credit card has not been credited for my return.Save yourself the trouble and buy from another vendor .
 I returned this product for a refund . My cat pounced on it and the arms that had feathers on it collapsed . It was not well constructed .
 The pieces are bigger than I thought , and the blue plastic that connects the pieces together is terrible . My kitty likes the feather that hangs down but that 's it .
 Your better off with some Penn tennis balls . These smell like mint but I have n't noticed any minty smell on my pup . That may be because I 'm not smelling my dogs breath on a regular basis.They are n't chew toys , and they are not marketed as them . I tried playing fetch with him and he refused to give it back , I ran all over the place and crawled under the table trying to get it back . Eventually he lost it somehow and my mom found it in her closet.The problem with these is that my pup enjoyed eating the fuzz off of them and peeling the fuzz off the ball -LRB- which came off with a layer of the ball -RRB- I woke up one morning to a half tennis ball , half lacrosse ball.If your dog is well behaved and not a heavy chewer go for it !
 I ordered two bottles of the Organic Citrus Shampoo for dogs ... it was a price too good to be true ... guess it sure was . I ordered on April 21st . . it was to arrive on or before April 27th . I had tried to do a follow up but there was nothing listed for that order number . I finally contacted Amazon via their messenger set up . They contacted the seller which was a business ... they also said they would get set to give me a refund on my money . In the interim , the seller contacted me via email and said they would check on the order and get back to me . Well , they did and said `` it 's lost '' . They told me on 5/5/11 that it was now resent and I should get it . The money from the first order was now back in the bank and I advised that seller that IF the product should arrive , I would be more than happy to pay for it . Today is May 17th ... still no product . It 's been almost 30 days since my original order . I wrote again to the seller who has never responded to me since the last communication of May 5th . This was my first time to order anything on line and guess it will be my last . This is the worst experience I have had with the internet .
 Within ten minutes of playing fetch with my small dog , this ball was coming apart . Under the felt , there are two halves of a hollow ball and they started coming apart at the seam , tearing the felt . Definitely not worth it.My dog was n't even chewing on it and it started coming apart ; I would not recommend for a chewer.I 'm still looking for a solid ball that wo n't come apart so quickly .
 After one hour with my eleven year old dog , her birthday present of her tuff ball was not so tuff . It did last for an hour though and the peanut butter flavor was a huge bonus . I 'm glad we got them on sale though ! She killed it .
 Well , I gave this ball to my 15 pound pug . Within minutes , it was full of holes . Not a solid ball . Splits in half and comes apart . Would not recommend this for anything more than short play sessions .
 My dog can destroy these balls in 30 seconds or less . Great to play catch with but cant allow him to have it unless he is bringing it right back to me . I recommend you stick with good tennis balls .
 Followed the instructions to a T and never got it to stop dripping . The dog also knocked it down every single time I tried to use it , even with additional improvised measures .
 This thing drips continuously . It leaked the entire 0.5 gallon of water into my dog 's crate . Do n't waste your money on this .
 Unless you 're using this outdoors , the item stinks . It leaks ALL over the place . Not good .
 Did n't buy this from Amazon , but wanted to submit a review for other consumers . Followed the directions , but this thing would n't stop dripping . I suppose it would be okay for outdoor use . I am going to return it to the pet store and keep looking for a better one to use indoors during the summer .
 I threw this away after fiddling with it for an hour . First of all , it hangs in the crate with two provided wires which are flimsy , and do NOT hold the water bottle properly . I could not even get the wires to hold the bottle until I realized I had to adjust the wires myself ! Even then the flimsy wires would do little to support the bottle , which was leaking the entire time and making a trememdous mess as my puppy jumped up and down in the newly formed puddles in his crate . Great idea , but POOOOOOOOOORLY executed design of the holder and ball which DOES NOT hold water in the bottle . It leaks everywhere . Totally disappointed . Whoever makes this POS owes me $ 20 to include shipping .
 We purchased 2 of these bottles for our dogs kennel carriers . They attach perfectly to the cage front door . However these bottles leak really bad . I ca n't believe these made it to the market like this . The bottle caps leaks really bad around the edges no matter how tight the cap is put on . You can acutally see the water coming out the sides of he cap . It 's impossible to get a good seal . I know it 's not a once off , because this happens to both the bottles we purchased . Do n't waste your money . Get a different water bottle !
 The seller of this product was very fast but as for the product itself ... not so good . I got it because my when I first had my dog she was only a pup about two months old and did not know how to drink milk from a plate yet . Maybe it was just my dog but she absolutely refused to use . And the liquid would always leak out during unwanted moments .
 I have tried about five times now with the correct instructions . The bottle just wo n't stop leaking . My dog has to be on an airplane for eight hours . The instructions tell you to completely which also means that if it leaks my dog will be sitting in half a gallon of water with nowhere to go . Completely not wort the risk !!!
 The ball inside is not heavy enough , which makes this product leak slowly . The attachment is flimsy and no match for my puppy , so it ca n't be used inside . According to directions , if you are going to use it for a chain link fence , you have to go to a hardware store to buy an additional piece . I plan to return this product .
 i will be returning this as it leaks , i needed one for a friend who has a pet raccoon . he needed one that was bigger so i ordered it but it leaks and makes his bed all wet . i hope the next one they send wont leak as it seems like it would be great
 I bought this dog bottle because the package says for `` cages '' and I needed one for use in my dog 's crate . After getting the bottle I set it up the way the instructions and reviews here said to do . No matter what I did it leaked on average of a 1/4 of the bottle in approximately two to two and a half hours . After writing back and forth with a company rep. , she finally told me that bottles larger than 32oz are not meant for crate use . She said the larger sizes are expected to leak almost to the degree I listed so they should be used outdoors . I think that bit of information would have been very helpful had it been ON the package . I 'm returning mine and getting a smaller bottle for using INSIDE .
 I read all the warning and hints and tried several times but this thing leaked so bad I had to abandon it . Wasted $ : -LRB-
 If you do n't have this sitting exactly at the right angle it leaks ! It does n't matter if it 's full to the top or 1/2 empty ... it constantly drips !!!!
 I received this item as part of a package deal including a cage to attach it to . After filling the water bottle i attached the spout -LRB- very securely , as the directions indicated -RRB- and turned it over so it would create a `` seal . '' I have tried many times and this piece of garbage will not stop leaking profusely , probably 3-4 drips a second . It 's absolutely worthless if you want to use it inside .
 I was going to return this product but unfortunately I had placed it somewhere and could n't find it again until too late . Put it together and hung it on the puppies excercise pen . It constantly leaked , never properly sealed .
 THIS PRODUCT SEEMS TO BE NOTHING MORE THAN ALCOHOL AND WATER.I HAVE TASTED IT AND COULD ADD IT TO MY COFFEE WITHOUT NOTICING.USED IT ON MY AFRICAN GREY IN AN ATTEMPT TO DISCOURAGE FEATHER PLUCKING.IT DOES NOT SEEM TO PHASE HIM AT ALL.MAKES A GOOD SOLUTION FOR CLEANING DVDS HOWEVER.IF I AM MISSING SOMETHING HERE I WOULD BE HAPPY TO KNOW.MY NEIGHBOR OWNS A VERY LARGE PET STORE AND ALSO CONCURRED THAT IT DID NOT SEEM TO BE VERY EFFECTIVE ON PARROTS .
 I have two cats , one hates it the other thinks it 's cat nip ... Does n't really work out so great . Word count
 I tired this to keep my cats from worrying their sutures after a declaw . They sniffed it , went , `` Blech ! I do n't want this on me ! '' and proceeded to lick it off.Though I should note that these cats have shown no aversion to citrus sprays -LRB- like those to keep them from clawing things -RRB- either .
 DID NOT WORK AT ALL AND I ACCIDENTLY GOT SOME ON MY FINGER AND GOT A TASTE OF IT AND IT TASTED LIKE WATER SO I DO NOT KNOW HOW IT SHOULD TASTE TO A HUMAN ALSO THE DESCRIPTION SAYS `` SPRAY WITH DABBER '' IT HAD NO SPRAY TOP INCLUDED WHICH MADE IT HARD TO PLACE WHERE NEEDED
 Although this did repel my kitten on first smell , it did n't repel her long enough -- she was back within minutes -- to bother with it when this bottle runs out . Also , I do n't like the roll-on top for this so put the liquid into a spray bottle . It 's also a repellent to me , as well . I ca n't stand the smell and do n't want to be around it . I 'm trying to keep her from scratching and prowling around places she does n't belong , not me . I 'll stick with other methods .
 This product did n't keep cats away from my wires . In fact , it appears that they became more curious after application .
 Worked okay , two of my cats try to avoid sprayed areas , one could care less . Needed respeayed every day ... Wish it came with a sprayer nozzle , not just roller , so I transferred to my own bottle . Spray better than nothing I suppose , but not sure if will buy again
 My cat is somewhat Pica he eats fabric , so wanted to test this prodcut so I sprayed it on something he would eat and see if he starts trying to eat it , after spending some time to investigate and smell it he then started to chew on the fabric , it did not deter him from eating what he was not suppose to . I guess for me it did not work and I would not buy this product . I would like to recommend another but unfortunately I do n't know of one .
 It might be just my cat , but even dousing something heavily in this does n't make a difference . The product does nothing to repel her .
 Figured it was worth a try to see if it kept the cat away from the Christmas tree . Not sure that it worked . Cat would run when I sprayed but seemingly came back nearly immediately . I could have sprayed water and had a similar effect .
 Length :
 Buying this toy is a death trap for your bird!String was injested and created an abcess which caused a hemorrhage !!! Feet get caught easily!Do not buy !!!!
 Have used this product for years with great success ; HOWEVER , buy Miracle-Gro Water Storing Crystals and make your own . Exact same active ingredient minus the Ca and other minerals but your herp 's diet should be taking care of this or you can dust with supplements . You will cry when you see how cheap it is to make your own .
 Length :
 Buying this toy is a death trap for your bird!String was injested and created an abcess which caused a hemorrhage !!! Feet get caught easily!Do not buy !!!!
 This product was marketed for mice and hamsters . However , it is much too small for a golden or Syrian hamster . Only the smallest of dwarf hamsters will fit . Had to return it , but did receive prompt credit for the return , so no problem with the seller . No hassles and quick response .
 I did n't have any issues with the seller , but the product is horrible . The maze is a decent length and width , but is not very deep . I have a small hamster and he hated this thing . The connector pieces that come with it are VERY small . Again , my hamster is a dwarf and had a hard time fitting in them . I just put it back in the box and living with the wasted money .
 I have a long haired ragdoll cat ... . this product did not help him get rid of his fleas , not even a little bit . I 've tried all the cheap products , but only the topical stuff that costs a fortune seems to work on him . -LRB- Do n't waste all your money trying out the cheap stuff , just pay for the good stuff and get it over with . -RRB-
 Even after following the instructions completely -LRB- filling the entire bottle and allowing for the water to drip out until a vacuum forms -RRB- the bottle still drips and leaks . It would n't stop dripping from the steel spout and it would n't stop leaking from the blue screw cap even though it was securly fastened.I went to the pet store and bought a gerbal water bottle for $ 5 and it works perfectly .
 I 'd give it no stars if I could . I bought one of these yesterday at Petco for my guinea pigs and it leaked like crazy ! I like how it attached to the cage , but that does n't mean anything when your cage ends up soaked and more water is on the bedding than in my piggies ' mouths . To top it off , silly me told the checkout girl that I did n't need the receipt so I 'm stuck with this useless thing . Lesson learned - ALWAYS GET THE RECEIPT.Don ' t waste your money on this bottle . I 've ordered a Water Buddy instead .
 If want to run the risk of having your animal die young because of liver failure or some other disease , you definitely want one of these . This is the most poorly designed product I have ever come across . Why ? Because , as sold , it is impossible to disassemble the unit in order to clean the ball bearings and water delivery system thoroughly . When I saw that the ball bearings were sealed in the metal water delivery section , the first thing I had to do was saw through the steel in so as to release the ball bearings in order to clean this part of the unit . This took me nearly an hour of hard work . Then , in trying to attach the unit to the stand I had made for my earlier unit , I found that the spring was not strong enough to hold the bottle in place . Trying to attach the spring and mount the bottle resulted in water all over the floor . I purchased this bottle to replace an Oasis bottle which I got a number of years ago and have been very happy with , but the rubber seal got worn out . Now I see that the Oasis bottles appear to have the same horrible and inhumane design as the Lixit bottles . I am going to alert the ASPCA about this issue as units which can not be thoroughly cleaned present a clear danger to animal health .
 Have used this product for years with great success ; HOWEVER , buy Miracle-Gro Water Storing Crystals and make your own . Exact same active ingredient minus the Ca and other minerals but your herp 's diet should be taking care of this or you can dust with supplements . You will cry when you see how cheap it is to make your own .
 This gel is so wet it 's almost like pouring water on your feeder insects . . -LRB- think jello that has just begun to set -RRB- I do n't know if I got a defective product but I do n't think I 'll be purchasing this again .
 I brought my 2 mice home today and when they started using the sipper bottle , I noticed them struggling with it a bit . So I tapped on the sipper tip a few times with my finger and no water was coming out . I kept doing it , and still no water came out . I noticed that a bubble had formed inside just above the tube and was not floating to the top , not allowing any water to go down the tube . I had to flick it a bit to get the bubble out , but as soon as they started using it again another bubble would form no water would come out.I 've now had to place a small dish of water inside their cage to keep them hydrated . This is very frustrating and its starting to look like I 'll have to buy another sipper bottle , hopefully one that works .
 Does n't hold much water ... but you can tell that by the description . But it holds less water when your rodents chew through it ... nice Idea though
 Bought this thinking it would be small enough for my little dogs - looked small - did not say actual size . Way too big for my Boston Terriers . It 's about 2 inches around . Contacted the vendor - they did n't offer anything -LRB- could of offered % off another purchase -RRB- - had to pay to return . Bad customer service . Wo n't order from them again . .
 We orded a X small and received a small this item does not fit .
 I love the SS Orange Oxy Odor Remover - but this is not it , unfortunately . If you are looking for the odor remover it appears Amazon does n't carry the `` orange oxy '' formula anymore . Shame too .
 The leak is from the very bottom where the ball bearing is at . I paid $ 60 for this piece of junk and when i complained to Lixit they would not even send me a replacement .
 I spent a lot of money on this product , but it is poorly designed . The screws that hold on the water bottle are inside the cage . My bird disassembled this product and dropped the water bottle and broke it after about 5 minutes ... It would be good I am sure for smaller birds or small mammals , but not at all for the highly intelligent and resourceful macaws ...
 I purchased two of these since I have two cockatoos , both males in two separate cages . One of the birds managed to life up the holding mechanism withing the first week with his beak through the cage bars . The bottle fell and obviously broke . The design of the metal mechanism is not well made . I already took the other bottle off in fear that the other bird will also figure out how to lift and disengage it . Was not happy to spend this money only for it to last a week . Now I 'm stuck with one and have to figure out how to attach it to the cage .
 This is the perfect thing for my little thirsty one . But - it was a nightmarre to install by myself - it took - well - a looong time . Reaching into the crate , standing on end , I have relatively long arms but they were n't long enough to reach through the crate wires to hold a wrench and the metal plate that holds it in place . Shoo ! Finally I got it on but the design of the holding mechanism wo n't allow it to be attached high enough ... my puppy has to almost lie down to drink . He did use it instantly however - no learning curveI also take the bottle out at night and the initial dripping that happens when I put it back on is a mess .
 Regardless of brand name , no animal 's water bottle should be Original Cost $ 70 !!! $ 18 is even pushing it !! I get my water 16-24oz . bottles for $ 3 including bottle , rubber stopper , and metal or glass spout . The stopper/spouts are reusable on glass 16oz . bottles , like Lipton Teas . And with 150 chinchillas , $ 18 is WAY too expensive for my pocketbook . No thanks !
 We have been buying this dog food for the past 6 months and we LOVE it . However , we are going to have to stop buying it because of the HUGE price increase . Boo amazon !
 I got this dog food for my dog and he has been sick since . I am only half way thru the bag and had to start mixing rice with it because I do n't want him to starve himself . I had ordered the largest bag offered on here too . He has had diarrhea from day one from it . I do n't understand all the others saying this is good food for their dog .
 Please google salmonella and diamond pet foods . It 's not the first time this company has had a problem . Also , in January I paid $ 40.00 for 35lbs . It 's now $ 58.00 . My dog loves the food but I ca n't take the chance that he 'll get sick and I ca n't see paying this much for food . I guess the consumer has to pay for the eventual lawsuits .
 I dropped the ball when I ordered a large bag of this for my dogs . I love the Chicken Soup books , and I figured that the company would also produce good quality dog food . Imagine my surprise to find out that Diamond Pet Foods , which has had numerous problems , is the one behind this . There is a news article today about this company and people getting sick from salmonella just from handling the dog food . I feel cheated , but it is my own fault for not doing enough research on the product . And my dogs did n't care for it anyway . I wound up mixing it with another brand . Had I but known , I would have returned it . Live and learn , and I am glad that my dogs survived it .
 Stopped giving this product to my 9 yr old lab mix because she developed really bad diarrhea . Now I have her on probiotics and scheduled a vet appointment . Other than her having a weight issue , she has never been sick . Sorry I switched to this food .
 I switched my two boston terriers -LRB- one is 16 pounds and the other is 24 pounds -RRB- to Chicken Soup over a 10 day period . I noticed they had considerable gas , but assumed it was a temporary condition from switching to a new food . Once they were only on the Chicken Soup , they had diarrhea , black and tarry stools . I immediately switched them back to Science Diet . I contacted the company and asked if they knew what could have casued this digestive upset - they responded that the numerous protein sources were probably the cause . So maybe boston terriers do n't do well with this type of premium dog food . I would recommend you purchase a small bag first , in case it does n't work out .
 Well , I thought it would be a great dog food , but my dogs do n't like it at all.I will go back to feeding Diamond Naturals -- it 's just as good quality , but at a cheaperprice , and my dogs love that food .
 The food seemed to work well for my dogs . I ordered a couple of bags and it seemed to last well . Returning to view my previous order I see the price has increased from $ 39.99 with free shipping to the new outrageous price . Amazon ca n't maintain pricing and will soon be paying state taxes . Sad you ca n't find a reliable supplier .
 After reading good reviews and because of the great price I decided to give this dog food a shot . My 7 year old lab loves to eat and is not picky about dog food but I have found that some brands give her itchy skin so I have been looking for something that is affordable and has quality ingredients . I started her on this dog food about a week ago and at first she had bad gas which I thought was probably just because of the new food . Now she has terrible diarrhea . My boyfriend gave his dog some of the food a few days ago -LRB- before I had noticed my dog having diarrhea -RRB- to see if he might like it . Later , late that that night my boyfriend told me that the food must have not agreed with his dogs stomach because he got diarrhea in the house . Hmmm . Sounds like this food is not what it seems . I am beginning to wonder if the company has their employees write good reviews on here to help make sales . I found a couple other reviews on other sites that said they had similar gas/diarrhea problems with their dogs on this food .
 I ordered this based on all the good reviews . I mixed it in with her other food , and she literally picks it out and drops it on the floor . She wants nothing to do with it . I have offered it to her now for a couple of days , and she refuses to eat it . Will NOT order again , and sure wish I could return it !
 We bought this stupid gate and within a couple of months one of the plastic clips broke . Called CS and could only get VM . A week later , I got a call back from a guy with a seriously bad attitude and he went by manufacture date -LRB- which of course was more than a year old -RRB- and charged me for replacement clips . At least they forced 4 clips -LRB- min order -RRB- on me so when they keep breaking , I have spares . The gate also has an idiotic larger space at the end compared to the middle spaces . So our smallest dog can slip right through the end . So we have to stuff that with something to keep her from getting through that larger gap . Stupid engineering . Terrible CS with bad attitude , and sticking it to you when their inferior designed plastic clips break . Weak sauce .
 i ordered this product and Amazon shipped it to me promptly . When I opened the package the product had a bad weld so one of the bars was loose . Amazon promptly sent a new one and returned the defective one with no hesitation . I just received the replacement one today . I opened the box to discover the screws to hang the hinges are not in the box . I am going to keep the gate . I have screws I can use but I am concerned about the shoddy workmanship and missing pieces . What can we expect from China though !
 I 'm not very thrilled by this gate . In the pictures it shows a nice sized gate opening in the near middle of the gate . First off , the door of the gate is very narrow for such a giant gate !! We could not believe how small it is , even for my small framed/body type mother -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' 120 # -RRB- . Secondly , the additional extensions only fit on ONE end of the gate . That puts the door really close to the wall , an unnatural path to take . We had to fabricate the extensions and gate to put the door in the center . Thankfully it 's not hard to lift the gate off it 's wall fasteners . We have to take it down every evening and shove it behind the couch . The stupid walk through is too inconveniently small to have permanent in a high traffic area . Only pro to it is how long you can make it . However , if you have a jumper or a serious chewer , I 'd be cautious . With several extensions it 's not the sturdiest of structures . Plus the piece that 's supposed to be the stabilizer is plastic that any dedicated chewer will decimate . For the price I paid of $ 125 for the gate and 2 extra extensions , I am not very pleased . I really would n't recommend this set up to anyone .
 Buyer be aware . The description and picture of contents in the box are not accurate . The picture shown includes 2 extensions that are not part of this product . The description states it reaches 60 '' , which it does not unless you buy those two extension.I paid $ 69.99 plus $ 10.00 shipping from Revival Animal Health to learn this . I returned and was charged a 20 % restocking fee and had to pay $ 20.00 shipping to return direct to manufacture -LRB- Carlson Pet Products -RRB- . Rip off . Revival told me that I should have bought direct from them instead of using Amazon ... then they could help me out more.I should have just bought the extensions from them , but I was so mad at being treated so poorly - that I paid to return and be penalized.This is the last time I will purchase anything from an Amazon Seller . Might as well deal with EBay . Only Amazon direct from here .
 These chips seem to be of acceptable quality , but they are entirely too thick . I have 13 dogs and a bag does n't even go around ... gets expensive very fast .
 My very energetic and playful 3 yr old cat loves anything that rolls . Unfortunately that means stuff goes under furniture and your truly has to fish it out . I saw this and thought it would be perfect and the reviews were glowing.Sadly , the glowing reviews do not reflect my experience . My cat rubbed against the catnip mouse for a couple minutes , then briefly batted one of the track balls . When the ball did n't roll away , but remained in the track , he got bored and turned away . I put it away and got it out a couple days later . He was even more bored with it than the first time.If you have a cat that enjoys unpredictable playthings , I do n't think this is a great toy , even tho it is colorful and well-made . As an alternate , I suggest the Kong toy with feathers . Inexpensive and highly highly entertaining for my guy -LRB- I have no affiliation with Kong -RRB- .
 I bought this toy online about a year ago -- based on the positive reviews . I guess not all cats are the same because my 5 year old cat has never really found it interesting enough to play with -- the ball on the track does n't intrigue him enough to get him to play . Also , the toy on the perch is unnecessary -- cat has n't even swatted it . Quite disappointed !
 My two Birman cats found this item to be boring after sustained exposure . Would not recommend if your cats are in good health and like to be engaged in vigorous play .
 My cat really liked the design ... open on the side so she could lay down next to the toy and slap at the ball . But the design is painted on the ball in a puffy paint and prevents it from rolling smoothly . Unless I 'm sitting there playing with her and keep the ball moving it gets stuck half way around ... and she loses interest quickly . So for us , this toy is not great .
 My kitten played with this toy the day I got it for about 10 minutes and that was it . She 's not interested in it anymore . Very disappointing .
 Tried this on two cats in different houses . Both of them looked at it , looked at me , looked at it , hit the ball , looked at me , looked at it , looked at me , and said , &#34; WTF ? &#34; and walked away , never to touch it again . Enough said . YMMV but for me , waste of money . I tried to find it cheaper at Big Lots like another reviewer said but could not so $ 14 down the drain . Too much hassle to return .
 I got this toy based on the good reviews here despite the fact that I think it looks like an awful , ugly baby toy and is not only an eyesore in my living room but I 'm sure the fact that it 's yellow and blue and a number of other colors in VERY BRIGHT shades is completely lost on my cats . So , I tried it out on four different cats , from ages 10 months to 14 years and while their eyes would track it while * I * used it , that 's not exactly the result I was looking for . My cats go crazy for Da Bird , the Cat Catcher and hand-held laser toys and they love to chase each other around for a couple hours a day , but this toy was a complete yawn for them . I even left it out for a few months hoping they 'd suddenly `` discover '' it one day , but no such luck . So , I tried to sell it at a yard sale but no-one was even slightly interested .
 Set this out for the cats and they have no interest in it whatsoever . eh . I will leave it out for a while and if the status changes , I will update my review .
 These are very cute but they do n't stand up to dog-play . My corgi eviscerated the Hartz toys within minutes . I have found the only stuffed toys that last are the AKC or the CKC brands .
 I bought this for our 4-month-old Jack Russell Terrier and within the first 2 minutes of him playing with it , he began tearing off pieces of the feathery , fabric tail . In fact , a few minutes later I had to take scissors to it and cut the tail off because it was shedding strings all over the place and our pup was choking on it.He got the toy duck back and really likes it , but 2 days in he 's now ripped a few holes in it and taken some stuffing out , so we 've had to take it away . He only got it during supervised play time , and only for a few hours here and there , so there 's no excuse for it being destroyed this quickly.Whoever came up with this `` dog '' toy either does n't own a dog or has the laziest dog around , because I felt like it was put together for kids and not dogs . If you want to waste $ 6 on a toy that wo n't last a week , feel free to buy the Hartz Quackers duck toy .
 I purchased a Marley & Me branded quacking duck toy awhile ago and my two puppies loved it and it was incredibly durable . Then on vacation , they lost it somewhere . So when I got home I went to buy another one to replace the one that was lost -LRB- from the same retailer , which was not Amazon -RRB- and all I could find was this Hartz Quacker at about the same price . Not really remembering who made the first one , I figured this was the same thing just not under the Marley & Me brand , so I bought it . My two dogs -LRB- both puppies -RRB- destroyed it within a few hours , ripping the belly open and emptying it of all it 's stuffing and the quacking mechanism.Thinking this was a fluke , I returned it to the retailer for another and literally , within an hour , one foot was torn off . Then a little while later the belly was torn open and the contents were all over the house . I complained to Hartz this time and got a standard boilerplate response full of platitudes and nothing else.So I decided to seek out a duck like the one I originally had and finally figured out it was manufactured by Jakks . I found one here on Amazon for a good price and ordered it and they 've had it now for over a week and all that has happened to it is they 've chewed the tags off of it . Otherwise it 's holding up well to daily abuse and it is again their favorite toy . Thanks Jakks and Amazon . Shame on you Hartz .
 I bought this for my 1-year-old pug and he was into the neck and stuffing in 10 minutes flat . I figured it was a bad one but after buying another different Hartz dog toy that looks sturdy but fell apart immediately , I had to find these and make sure no one else wasted their money on them . Absolute trash .
 Cheap made and the material is really thin and tears easily ! Although my dog loved the quack which is different to the squeek , it really was n't that loud a quack . Disappointed and duck is now buried somewhere in the yard ... not work the effort to go dig it up . Cheap and short lived , not worth the money !
 Had this product for about 5 minutes when my dog Lucy who never eats up her toys ripped out the noise maker in the throat . Save your money !!
 ... cheap Chinese junk . Period . Our four-month-old English Springer Spaniel literally ripped the stitching in less than an hour of playtime , and tore a chunk of the duck 's head off in about 90 minutes . Stuffing pieces flying everywhere . Recommend the `` Ethical 5733 Skinneeez Plus - Duck Stuffing-Less Dog Toy , 15-Inch '' . No stuffing . Our pup loves it . So far , lasting very well . Hartz used to mean quality . No more . AVOID Hartz stuffed pet toys .
 I bought the duck for my dog because he loves them . The first two I bought somewhere else held up for a year . This one held up for a month so far but is fast going . I ca n't find the type I use to buy , but it was much better made than this one . I was quite disappointed in this .
 My miniature schnauzer absolutely loves this duck . It 's by far his favorite toy . He 'd definitely give it 5 stars . The `` quacker '' is far more intriguing to him than a normal squeaker toy.Unfortunately , these do n't last too long . He typically has them torn apart in a few weeks . He 's probably been through 8-10 of these things in the past year and a half . Fortunately , eating some of the stuffing has n't seemed to hurt him at all . The longest we 've had one go was probably 2 months . Others have been ripped to shreds in days.I 'd only recommend it if your dog is not a chewer and you actively monitor the condition of its toys .
 Got this and was immediately disappointed - I could n't make it produce a noise and naturally the pup had to run over and help me . She was n't able to make it quack either . She likes chasing it , but we both were disappointed in the silence .
 This is a waste of money ! My dogs loved it a little too much ! the squeeker was the first to go throught he back , then the stomach was ripped open and I had stuffing everywhere ! SAve your money and get the stuffing-less cheapo from the dollar store . too bad , it is very cute !
 I ordered 2 of these stuffed duck dog toys for the `` grand '' dogs.Neither one of them has a `` quacker '' that works . If it was n't soclose to our Christmas get together , they would be going right backto Amazon . I actually feel a bit ripped off , paying close to $ 10.00 for a dog toy that does n't work , it 's the quacker that makes it afun toy , if it were one of them , i would think , darn I got a bad one , but when both do n't work , I wonder how many of the ones sold actuallydid work . Hmmmm
 Save money and buy something else . My JRT puppy had it tore apart in 10 minutes . Squeaker stopped working after 5 minutes of play . Not worth the $ $ $ 's .
 This house has no drainage and is cheaply constructed . It opens from the bottom , not the top , and the door does n't use a screw or latch , instead it 's a ` snug fit ' closure - which means it 's difficult to open without jostling the contents -LRB- even more so once the wood swells -RRB- . There are better houses out there in the same price range -LRB- e.g. , Garden Treasures -RRB-
 These bluebird houses are made out of cedar wood . The wood is only 5/16 thick . Out of the 4 boxes I ordered 2 of them had damage to the corner of the roof . One has a huge corner broken off and the other has a cracked corner . I have not decided to just repair them and use them or return them . You get what you pay for they were only $ 14.22 each .
 This `` bluebird '' house is not built in any way to the specifications that real bluebird houses are supposed to be . Birds are picky , and want them a certain way . These are cheaply made , in China , might last one season . And , as I said , are NOT bluebird houses . I sent mine right back . Do not buy this , if you are looking for a real bluebird house , that will actually attract bluebirds .
 I purchased this Wren house a few months ago . None have moved in yet so I relocated it to a spot where they had nested previously . The day after I moved it , disaster struck ! What happened was that the round wooden stick that runs the length of the apex of the roof , and to which the hook attaches , became detached from the house and the house fell to the ground . Just two staples attached the house to the hook bar and they easily separated . I used a nail gun to reattach the hook bar to the house so hopefully it will stay attached.Edit -LRB- 2/2012 -RRB-
 It looked very cute bird house . I liked its simplicity , however the parts came off in a few months . It was not well assembled and I was very disappointed ...
 It worked for about two weeks and then the box was back to it 's old sticky ways ... unless your wiling to take your box and scrub it clean every few weeks and re-spray ... it 's not worth it .
 The instructions say to spray liberally and let it dry . Guess what ? Water does n't soak in to hard plastic very well . Even in a warm room it took hours to ` dry ' . Filling the box with litter afterwards still caused the bottom layer to get wet.It seems to make a difference after a day of waiting as long as your cat does n't go more than once and scrap the bottom too much.Unfortunately the effect seems to wear off after two or three weeks . Since it 's a pain to take the box apart , scrub it and then spray it with this I have n't reapplied the spray . I do n't have hours to spend breathing cat litter fumes for the sake of saving a bit of scraping.The ironic part is that if you have the time to properly apply this spray , then you have more than enough time to scrape out the box on occasion . If you 're pressed for time , the amount of time that it takes to apply this will be seriously longer than the time savings.In my view ? Not worth it .
 You have to empty the automatic litter box every three days and take the rake out and clean and spray every three days
 hmmmmmm , I must be doing something wrong . I used this for the first time a few days ago and so far I have noticed very little difference . The spray makes the litter box look and feel a bit greasy , as if it had been sprayed with a non-stick cooking spray . Same principle , apparently . Unfortunately the litter is still sticking to the sides and bottom of the box , and I still have to scrape repeatedly to get it loose . I waited the required 15 minutes after spraying before adding fresh litter to the box , perhaps I need to wait even longer . Will continue to use it but so far am not impressed .
 Not very impressed . I would use Armor-All ; Cheaper and just as good , plus more versatile .
 When the Smart Scoop No-Stick Litter Box Spray was shipped to me the bottle had leaked in the box , and had gotten all over several other items I had purchased at the same time . Overall , the spray did n't work very well . I followed the instructions , but the cat `` stuff '' still stuck to the bottom of the litter tray . I do n't think I would buy form this brand again ; the Smart Scoop Scoop-N-Sift I bought with the spray was worthless also .
 I have large cats and they tend to cause large amount of litter to stick to the sides of litter boxes . I had hoped that this would keep the litter from sticking but I am not able to see any difference . I have followed the instructions and waited for the spray to dry before filling the litter boxes but that does not seem to make any difference .
 This product gave my dog 2nd degree chemical burns . Nothing on the label about possible side affects . Very little help from the 800 number . I just got the standard `` do n't use it again '' answer . I wish that i could post a photo of what this product did to my do . DO NOT DO THIS TO YOUR DOG . Will stay away from any Bayer products in the future .
 As a Pug rescue , I treated 14 Pugs with Advantix , with one possible bad reaction . It was a 13-year old female , diabetic . The night she was treated , she began panting uncontrollably and was shrieking intermittently , unable to rest . The next morning I took her to my vet , who said her blood glucose level was through the roof -LRB- 620 ! -RRB- , but could find nothing wrong with the other bloodwork.There were dead and dying fleas everywhere , I will say , the product does its job ... but at what cost to the animal ?? The other dogs wanted to eat grass , so I imagine they did n't feel all that great from the treatment.I did bathe the affected Pug in human shampoo , and she slept well the following night . She probably has residual Advantix in her bloodstream , though.I am very leery of Advantix now , especially from reading similiar reactions of other owners . My vet stopped selling it a long time ago , for just that reason
 Have used this on my two labs . One -LRB- 90lb -RRB- is okay with it , the other -LRB- 60lb -RRB- paces around and pants and seems to be very upset and acts strangely for the rest of the day . I am not going to use it anymore ... even on my other dog .
 I have a Bichon Frise and after 24 hours of applying the treatment , he developed an uncontrollable and unstoppable scratching frenzy . After one more day of watching the poor fellow suffer to the brink of insanity -LRB- he was starting to cry with frustration -RRB- , I realized that matters were definitely not improving - as recommended by a veterinary website , I bathed him using dish detergent which stripped the medication from his skin . Thankfully , his scratching frenzy subsided quite soon after . Amazon were great , by the way , and gave me a full refund on the product after sending it back to them . It 's not usually their policy to refund on a product , but I guess they have had a lot of complaints!I then decided to buy him a flea collar instead which has been very effective with no reactions and is MUCH cheaper -LRB- it costs $ 5 and last 6 months ! -RRB- . In conclusion , I would recommend trying a flea collar FIRST before going to the hassle and expense of Advantix .
 I applied this medicine to my lab mix dog and it was terrible . Within an hour she was panting very heavily . Then the next day we noticed that he back was so sensitive that she would n't even let us pet her . We washed her and tried to get as much of it off as possible but so far she is still too sensitive to pet . Please be careful when buying this product . After this happened to my dog I 've been doing some research and bad reactions to this product are common .
 I used K9 Advantix because I was bringing my dog with me on vacation into tick-infested woods . I used three-quarters of the 20 lb . dose on my 13 lb . poodle . Approx . 12 hours after application , she began to have terrible neurological symptoms , running around and crying , jerking and jumping . Her nose became very hot and her breathing became rapid and shallow . We were up all night . By the time I got instructions over the telephone to wash it off with liquid dish detergent , it had been 24 hours . She survived , but the cartilage in her throat has been damaged and her bark is permanently changed . If you are using this product for the first time , PLEASE use only half the recommended dose and standby with the liquid dish detergent . If your dog can stand it , you can apply the rest two days later . The only antidote for permethrin poisoning is to wash it off with liquid dish detergent within the first 24 hours ! Many dogs have been injured , and deaths have been attributed to K9 Advantix . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I purchased this product -LRB- K9 Advantix 21-55 lbs . -RRB- on the advice of my vet . Since it was vet recommended I did n't take the time to read reviews . That mistake led to many days of suffering for my dog ... horrible itching , panting , erratic & frantic behavior , biting himself & us , hives on his legs & irregular breathing -LRB- in the short periods of time he was able to sleep -RRB- . MY COMPLAINT IS WITH THE MANUFACTURER OF THIS PRODUCT for not listing the potential side effects . Although , stupidly on my part , the `` HAZARDOUS TO DOMESTIC ANIMALS '' warning on a product I was about to use on my DOG should have clued me in . We 'll take our chances with the fleas .
 My vet refuses to carry this product as the pyrethrin aka permethrin is highly toxic to most mammals -LRB- dogs , cats , humans ... -RRB- . It should not be used on any dog that comes in contact with cats at all . Cats will react more quickly to the product as they do n't metabolize the toxins as quickly as humans and dogs . You should know that your pet does not need to lick th product to become poisoned . The chemical is absorbed into the skin , readily . Imagine giving your dog enough toxin to kill fleas a month after application . Is n't that over-kill ? There are less-toxic alternatives , but I 'm not sure that any of the big-name brands are actually safe . If the instructions require you to wash your hands after applying them - why is it Ok to leave it on your pet 's skin and wo n't you be petting your pet ? -LRB- Read the last paragraph for natural flea-prevention tips -RRB- Permetrhins are toxic . However , given to a dog in small doses , you may not notice effects for many months or years . Even if you do n't witness any issues your dog may be having headaches and other neurologic symptoms . A dog that has seemed fine with this product for years may suddenly hit a threshold level that causes severe and noticeable neurologic problems . Death from pyrethrins is a lot more common than many vets think . Bayer will likely always deny that their product killed any pet . The owners often believe the company . This is why so many of the deaths -LRB- and near-deaths -RRB- are unreported -LRB- they are `` reported '' but not recorded -RRB- . The best we can do is make sure reports are kept track of and if the proper authorities are not looking out for us , we need to look our for ourselves.My pets do n't require flea-preventives because they are on a raw diet . The flea-repelling quality of raw-fed pets does not occur overnight , so do n't expect your fleas to disappear if you switch your pet 's diet . It took me months to get my pets naturally flea free . There are all natural flea remedies out there such as Diatomaceous EarthConcern 97064 Diatomaceous Earth Crawling Insect Killer 4 Pound Bagand `` Natural Defense `` Sentry Natural Defense Flea & Tick Squeeze-On for Dogs & Puppies over 40 lbs -LRB- 6 month dose - 4.5 mL applicators -RRB- Please try these before loading your pet and home with toxins . For your carpet and home you can use a simple Boric Acid powder -LRB- Such as Borax - which is cheap and easy to find -RRB- . Just use as directed to kill all fleas , roaches , ants and other bugs that lurk in and around your home . Be sure to vacuum the Boric Acid up very well as it can be toxic if there is a long enough exposure to it.Good luck folks !
 I normally purchase this product from my vet and have always been extremely satisfied with the product . With tick season approaching I ordered this product online to save myself the 45 minute drive to my vet . I applied the product to my 2 small maltese dogs who are house dogs and only outside for a short period of time . Even after I applied this product my dogs still came in the house with ticks - attached to them . I have never had this happen before . I called Absolutely Pets to explain this . The first call I was told I have to call Bayer because this was a Bayer product . The Bayer customer rep. told me they do not supply to Amazon or sellers through Amazon . Bayer also told me the do n't even sell this product anymore - they only sell Advantix 2 . I called back April at Absolutely Pets and she told me a manager would call right back . After several hours and no call back I called Absolutely Pets again . Again , I was told a manager will call me back . I waited several more hours and then called again only to hear a recording to leave a message . I left a message with my phone number requesting a call back . The next day I still did not receive a phone call . I called again and was told by April I would be receiving a partial refund . April also told me they do not sell this product any longer and I received the last one . A short time later I received an email from someone else that said sorry for the confusion but you will not be receiving a partial refund after all . I feel this business has very poor customer service . No one EVER returned any of my phone calls . I was told several times a manager would call me back . No manager ever got on the phone or called back . I felt like I was given the run around .
 My 2 tear old dog is in the 24/7 emergency hospital for the past 2 weeks with anemia and an autoimmune problem ... only thing that was different was that we applied k9 advantix . Her red blood cell count dropped to as low as 8 -LRB- normal range is 35 - 50 -RRB- and she has had 2 blood transfusions . there is another dog in the same hospital with the same thing and in talking with the owner the only thing that was differnt was a flea treatment . Please be careful with these chenicals as they are dangerous . Thousands of dollars later her blood count is slowly rising ... . but she is on 2 steroids and 3 stomach meds as steroids are very bad on the stomach ... Do not use K9 advantix ... if you do and you see any adverse reaction give the dog a bath immediately , Donot use k9 advantix Buy A flea comb ... any chemical applied to your pet can cause side effects ... Ths time it could be deadly ... Still praying that she keeps improving and does n't relapse.I will be contacting BAyer and the EPA in regards to this ...
 have used both frontline and advantix use advantix now . just pulled a giant tic off my dogs head leaving a huge sore . will have to take to vet tommorrow . will send the rest of my advantix back to maufacture with a letter telling them where to put it . does not stop tics from biting . dog gets walked at park not deep woods will buy frontline from now on .
 My Shih tzu almost died after using this product . Before you put this on your pet do some research . You will find that many many dogs have had serious allergic side effects from this product and many have died . We still do not know if my Shih tzu is going to live or not . PLEASE DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE YOU BUY THIS PRODUCT
 I believe people should do some research and then decide if this type of treatment is the best alternative for them . There are other safer alternatives . The advantages of these types of products are ease of use , convenience , and they have shown to be effective in the prevention of many Canine Vector Borne diseases -LRB- CVDB -RRB- caused by fleas , ticks , and mosquitoes.On the other hand , I distinctly remember my college Toxicology professor discussing the negative impacts of these types of product in 1995 . Ultimately , he said it will reduce your dog 's life span . It makes sense to question , ` If the pesticide that you are giving your dog to poisons the pests , what are the short term and long term effects for your dog ? ' According to the Bayer 's MSDS sheet for Advantix 55 K9 4pk , this product is toxic and combustible . Straight from the MSDS , `` May cause eye , skin , and respiratory tract irritation . Harmful if inhaled . Inhalation may cause nausea or dizziness . May cause nervous system damage . Ground -LRB- as in electrical conductivity -RRB- containers and equipment before transferring to avoid static sparks . '' If you would n't want to put this on yourself , then why would you put it on man 's best friend ??? Also , it has been shown that some dogs have a bad reaction to the one of the main ingredients , permethrin.Other considerations , if your dog is on Heartworm prevention then you do n't really need to worry about the mosquitoes unless they are really annoying to your dog . Futhermore , I do n't think dogs should be on HW prevention year round . The simple truth is that it is not that hot all year long . For mosquitoes to be viable , they require a warm and humid climate.Simple preventative measures like ensuring your dog does n't get access to drink stagnant water , keeping grass cut short , and etc. . Also , you can find many alternatives online to treating fleas and ticks . I have seen many references to adding small amounts of raw garlic to your dog 's diet . It changes the natural chemical makeup of your dog 's blood and gives off an odor the fleas and ticks can smell so they do n't want to feast there . Another option is to use biological controls , like adding nematodes to the yard . There are some nematodes that are natural enemies to insects . They only infect insects . These are not only great for killing insects so your dog does n't get diseases , but they are also advantageous to for your plants and garden . They are the only thing I could find that would eliminate the japanese beetles naturally . However , it took a reproductive cycle for them to work on the beetles since they could only infect there host -LRB- the larvae -RRB- in the ground . They are sold at garden supply stores . Ask which ones are lethal to insects.IMO , these topical pesticides are clearly harmful to your dog . They are only a good option for those who are n't willing to take any other measure to prevent the Canine Vector Borne diseases . Everyone should make an informed decision and way the benefits and costs .
 I decided to try K9 Advantix -LRB- the medium sized dosage -RRB- on my mutt after hearing about flea resistance to Frontline Plus and looking at the added benefit of mosquito protection in the Advantix . I should have done a simple google search prior to making this decision.This product produced near-immediate negative side effects in my precious dog . These side effects were :1 . Intense restlessness2 . Distress - You know when your pet is unwell ... just because they ca n't verbalize it does n't mean they ca n't tell you ! 3 . The worst one -- he seemed extremely unsteady on his feet like he was having a neurological response.After reading online reports ... and trying to wade through those that are just not true ... I decided I would bathe him in Dawn dish soap . This was about 2 hours after application . He did n't seem a whole lot better , or I was just terribly freaked out , so I ended up taking him to the emergency vet . She checked him and all vitals were fine , and advised me to just go home and monitor him . I was lucky enough to get most of it off of him , and he seems fine now . To say that it was scary though would be a gross understatement.Never , ever again ! He has a bit of a response to Frontline Plus , but NOTHING like what I experienced a few days ago . For many dogs I 'm sure it works and is fine . All I can speak of is how my dog responded . Please be careful !
 I bought this product because our dog had fleas . I treated her right away and two weeks later , she still had fleas .
 I applied this product to all three of my dogs , which are all under 10 pounds , and it is not working . It has not quite been a month and they are still scratching with fleas . I will not purchase this product again . It is too expensive and does not work effectively !!!
 Moved to an area with lots of ticks , so we switched from Frontline to Advantix -LRB- VET Said wouldnt be a prob but he doesnt sale bc he didnt move enough volume -RRB- . Murphy my Beagle had been picking up fleas from the neighbors dog once the frontline wore off , after applying the K9 we had no problems for the first week . I noticed he was scratching and sure enough fleas again . I just gave him a dose less than 2 weeks ago . So now I have to contemplate giving him a double dose , or cutting my losses . Sucks to lose your hard earned money on something that doesnt help your best friend . Save yourself a headache and dont waste your money , time , or pets health on this product . BTW I 'm not sure if my doses are expired bc Bayer puts Lot codes on without exp dates . Undoubtedly to help move product that goes stale -LRB- Which should be illegal all things that expire need a date -RRB- , Ill be calling tomorrow to get the manufacturing date of mine . STAY AWAY FROM THIS INEFFECTUAL PRODUCT , unless you feel okay giving it every other week and dont mind the discomfort to your pet .
 I had to apply this stuff once every 2-3 weeks . I did n't think it was all that great . I will be buying a different brand next time .
 This product is trash . It seems to make my dog 's condition worsen after I apply it . I told myself maybe I applied it wrong , but four times in row , shame on me for putting my dog through this misery . I will never use this product again . The price way outperforms the product .
 This works okay but it does not get completely rid of the fleas . Our yard is treated , as well as all 3 of our dogs and they still have fleas . Not near as bad if not treated but they still have fleas .
 This product is worthless against fleas . I used this flea treatment exactly as the directions stated and got zero results . My dog has as many fleas now as she did before . If you spend one penny for K9 Advantix you will have spent too much . Waste of money ! Whats really bad about the whole situation is I 'll have to wait 30 days before I can put any other medicine on my poor dog . DO N'T BUY , DO N'T BUY .
 I have used K9 Advantix monthly on my dog since she was old enough . She has had flee bites and I have pulled numerous ticks off of her -LRB- already feeding -RRB- . I have to take her into the vet tomorrow because she has bull 's - eye marks on her -LRB- possibly Lyme Disease -RRB- . Maybe it could be worse if she was not on anything , but it defiantly does n't work as advertised .
 I ordered this product but received advantix for dogs over 55 pounds . Thank goodness I noticed before using on my 5 pound chihuahua . I sent an email to the company 3 weeks ago through amazon and still have n't heard back !
 I switched from Frontline because of the claim that is repels Ticks ... . I used if for 3 months thinking I was applying it wrong or something ... my dog now has a skin problem and LYMES disease ... DO N'T BUY THIS
 Two hours after using this product on our sweet little bichon he started screaming . His skin turned bright red and was swollen . We washed him , but the next day he continued to shriek every time he moved . Two days later his back was covered with thick scabs . He was burned . A few days later his front legs broke out in scabs , like it was burning him from the inside . Weeks later we are still seeing new scabs on his front legs . The Advantix helpline vet told me that next time I should put it in several different spots instead of all on one spot ! As if I was going to use it again !!!! Stay away !!!
 We 've been using Advantix for a long time and it works great BUT recently we had an emergency with our small dog.I came home to find her eyes swollen shut . We 'd done nothing out of the ordinary except apply her latest dose of Advantix the night before . We thought perhaps she had rubbed some on her bed and then gotten it in her eyes . While my wife ran the dog to the vet , I called the emergency help number for Advantix to see what they recommend should this be the case . After describing the situation to the Advantix representative , he told me in a most condesending tone that it sounded like `` an interesting theory '' . After repeating that I was just interested in finding out what we should just in case , he again refused to give me any sort of advice and instead implied I was lying . He sarcastically informed me that `` it 's not like there 's an antidote '' . Eventually I just hung up.I 'm not sure why there is an emergency help number listed if Advantix is not planning on giving any help , but for all the other pet owners out there -- do n't bother calling and do n't bother buying !
 I bought this and used as directed . My dog is covered in fleas . I tried it an additional month just to see if it would work , and no luck . I 've been using K9 Advantix for years and never had a problem until I tried this less expensive way . I would n't recommend it .
 Put this on both my dogs . And they are scratching 2 weeks later . And still have fleas . Do not buy this product .
 I have three different dogs - a shi tzu , lhasa apso , and jindo . All are experiencing diarrhea , twitching , and lethargy . Worse decision ever to switch to Advantix .
 I received the product quickly . However , with fleas being so bad this year , I found this product did not work . I found another product worked better , that I bought from a local pet store . I removed carpets from my home , and sprayed the yard . Still Advantix did not do the job . The service was great , but the product did n't perform .
 I used Frontline Plus with no problem and then decided to try Advantix due to it 's repelling of mosquitos claim ... stupid decision ever !! I used Advantix Saturday morning on my 24lb . cockapoo -LRB- used only about half the tube ... thank God -RRB- . 24 hours later she was nearly doing somersaults trying to bite/scratch at her back ... especially near the tail . I knew immediately it had to be the Advantix as she had never done this before . She acted like something was biting her . I was DEVASTED to know that I had used this product on her which was hurting her and without checking it out first ! She did n't have a flea problem I was just using as a preventative -LRB- never again ! -RRB- . Drs. Foster & Smith recommended it so I bought it at the local pet feed store . An hour in to her symptoms I contacted the emergency animal clinic -LRB- it was Sunday night -RRB- . I was told to bathe her with Dawn dish liquid and give her a Benedryl , which I did . The vet tech said that she did n't know if the bath would do any good as the product had been on her for more than 24 hours . I did bath her back real good and gave her a prescribed antihistamine . It did n't help right away . It took her a while to settle down . I was a mess ! I kept a watch on her through the night . She seemed to have episodes of misery then it would settle down again . I called the vet the next morning he said continue the antihistamine and give her another bath and I did . She was eating and drinking ok , was not lethagic only miserable with what seemed to be burning or stinging . My vet said he does not recommend Advantix . He recommended me call Advantix to see if they could recommend anything else . I did call the medical emergency number on the back of the box and was forced to leave a number . Three and half hours later my call was returned . The vet tech said `` after two baths the product should be gone ... that it is not a systemic product ... that it stays on the surface of the skin . '' She proceeded to defend the product and stated that a reaction to the product is VERY rare . Apparently , not that rare !!! It affected my dog did n't it !!! To me that 's not rare ! The only other thing she offered was to apply Vitamin E to the areas where the product was applied and try using a cold pack on the areas that are irritated . She also told me that it was n't burning her , that the sensation she felt was like when your foot goes to sleep and it tingles . Excuse me ... how many dogs have they talked to too determine that ?! This stuff is an insectiside with permethrin in it . After doing research on this product I could n't feel worse . My baby is suffering . I 'm praying that this will be the only damage done and we 're just having to wait till this horrible product runs it 's course . My vet said these symptoms could last a week . I do n't know if I will ever put another topical product on my pup again or give her anything just because someone you trust recommends it . Check it out first puhleease !
 Please if you love your pet , do not use this product . My beloved 15 year old yellow lab Barney died from liver failure after the administration of this product . There is a formal investigation being conducted by the EPA NPIC -LRB- National Pesticide Information Center -RRB- 1-800-858-7378 and a class action lawsuit by Positive Legal Group in California . The investigation is for all manufacturers of all spot-on treatments . Please be very cautious if using any spot on treatment .
 I USED THIS FOR 2 SUMMERS ON MY DOG TO PREVENT FLEAS.SHE 'S AN INSIDE DOG BUT IS OUTSIDE WHEN WE ARE.WE LIVE NEXT TO A WOODS SO I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE THE PRODUCT TO USE . I DID NOT GET IT FROM THIS SITE BUT ANOTHER REPUTABLE SITE THAT WAS RECOMMEND BY AKC.FOR MOST OF THE TIME SHE HAD CHRONIC DIARREHA WHEN SHE HAD BEEN TREATED.I HAD THE VET TEST HER FOR DIFFERENT THINGS TO FIND OUT WHY . EVERYTHING CAME BACK NEGATIVE AND HE DID NOT KNOW WHY.LOTS OF MONEY WASTED!THE LAST TIME WE PUT THIS ON HER SHE MUST HAVE LICKED HER FUR.SHE PACED AND WHINED THAT AFTERNOON AND IN THE NIGHT I WOKE UP TO A REAL NIGHTMARE.SHE HAD EXPLOSIVE DIARREHA ALL OVER OUR HOUSE !! SHE WAS VOMITING AND DROOLING.I GOT OUT MY CARPET SHAMPOOER AND CLEANED UP.I CALLED THE ON CALL VET @ 4AM ! I HAVE NOT USED THIS SINCE AND SHE HAS HAD NO PROBLEMS.I THINK IT CAN BE DANGEROUS TO SOME DOGS.THE COMPANY DID NOT WANT TO HEAR MY EXPERIENCE EITHER.I MIGHT TRY THE PILL COMFORTIS , I PRAY THAT SHE DOES N'T HAVE PROBLEMS WITH IT !
 Here i sit with my 1 1/2 year old Japanese Chin 8 hours after Advantix application.When the time came for us to have quiet time , she came to my lap and i noticed she was shivering and staring into space . She is now hyper and will not rest , even though it is 3am . She continues to shiver and prance , holding her tail awkwardly . Another oddity is when i pet her she jerks her legs.There were no other variables to her day . i became concerned and searched if this med has reputation for causing adversities . YES ! Please read about the effects beforehand and your will find other reports of reactions !!! POISON !!! Everyone needs to report their reactions to the FDA , Here is link -LSB- ... -RSB-
 30 pound dog Advantix applied according to directions . She became tachycardic , and experenced lethargy , vomiting , rapid breathing , frantic scratching and biting her legs . I though we were going to lose her . Finally in desperation gave her a vigorous bath and within just a few hours breathing and heartbeat returned to normal . Still lethargic , but somewhat better . This is a horrible drug that does not come with enough cautions .
 i have used this product before and has worked great . however this batch is n't quite up to par . it repels fleas -LRB- but not much problem with them in winter anyway -RRB- but has not been effective against ticks . hopefully second dose will work better .
 we have 4 small dogs and live in south florida , we have never before had a tick problem until this summer all of a sudden they started getting ticks every single time they went outside the house . So we bought advantix and still continued to have a major tick problem finding them attched to the dogs , still alive and all over the house as well . we just applied a second dose only about 3 weeks later since our tick problem is still so bad -LRB- as well as having our intire house and yard professionally fumagated -RRB- , hopefully this will do the trick . It 's WAY too expensive to not work in my opinion .
 FOR THE MONEY , YOU ARE BETTER OFF GOING TO WALMART AND BUYING 2 PACKS OF PET ARMOUR , WHICH IS , GENERIC FRONTLINE PLUS AND WORKS BETTER - KILLS EGGS AND HAS BIRTH CONTROL FOR PEST BUILT IN !! SO DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 After using Frontline for the past 6 years , our vet recommended Advantix to my fiance . Had I been there I would have refused it as we have had no issues with the Frontline before . In any case ... we applied it to our 4 maltese yesterday afternoon and by last night TWO of them were having a bad reaction -LRB- bright red skin , scratching and just freaking out -RRB- and the other two were scratching the spot ! We called the 24 hour emergency hospital and they said to bathe them and to give them Benadryl . If they do n't improve today we have to give them antibiotics . My smallest is suffering the most right now , scratching the spot and crying . I just gave him another 1/2 of the Benadryl and hopefully it will help . Going to send Advantix the bill for any vet costs . I am going all natural after this experience !!!!! DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!
 Tried this product on recommendation from my vet ... my dog a cockapoo-wheaton mix 30lbs , had a severe neuro reaction !!!! Similar to a seizure , disorientated , unable to ambulate , within 12 hours of application
 I used this product about 10 days ago for the first time . We had moved to a new place that turned out to have a bad flea problem . I pulled out my frontline to no avail . Tried going natural with house and dogs with chemicals in yard , no luck . De sprays powder etc. some luck but not enough . Then Advantix well within 2 days one dog had bloody loose stools and vomiting . Vet treated her with thought nothing related to this . I thought maybe with the amount of chemicals we ended up with in the yard we had poisoned her . The vet assured us no . She is now better and back on regular food . But our other dog had irritated skin the first night and was scratching a lot ; we first thought maybe fleas and he irritated it by scratching so much . The next night the spot looked larger , so we decided with as bad as it bothered him we would not use this again next month . A couple of days later I took off his collar to see how it was as I noticed he was scratching it like crazy again and I was horrified . There was a huge scab and infection in his skin . Now I have learned this was a chemical type burn . After searching the internet I have found case after case of this and some much worse with more effects than just skin neurological effects . But have read of 2 other cases of dogs with bloody stools and vomit so now I am wondering if our girl 's problem was advantix also . Use this with great caution and if other options are available why even take the chance ? It did help with the fleas but at 2 great a cost . Next month we will choose something different , and glad I have that chance .
 My dog had a reaction to this product . Bayer does not put enough information about possible reactions on their website or on the box so do research before you use this and make sure you pay attention to your animal after application to make sure they are not having a reaction .
 I have a Shiba Inu and previously I had been using Frontline with no problems . I put the K9 Advantix on him on a tuesday and when I came home from class thursday he was freaking out hiding in my closet -LRB- he has never been in my closet before -RRB- . He was panting heavily and did n't want me to touch him whatsoever . Anytime I made him get out of the closet I noticed he kept trying to bite something on his back . . I 'd imagine this was his skin becoming very irritated . I had no idea what was wrong with him until I realized the only thing I changed was his flea medication . The effects wore off by the 3rd day , but I was afraid for his life . I tried calling the number on the box . . I left my name and number , but no one returned my call . I will never use anything by them again .
 I have used this product on three different dogs now -LRB- all under 20 lbs -RRB- and two have had extreme reactions . At this very moment , my poor dog Henry is absolutely suffering . After an application 2 days ago , he can not stop pacing , panting , panicking , crying . He can not even stay still long enough to take a drink of water , eat or sleep . Of course , the vet says it is just a coincidence , that it ca n't be the Advantix . They have to say that . . they sell the stuff ! Please read other user reviews and blogs online very carefully before applying this to your dog ! I regret that I did not .
 I ca n't tell you if this product works or not because my dog is having a bad reaction after only applying it . They do n't mention anything about side effects , yet , I 've found many stories on the internet of bad reactions . My 4 year old pug has n't been the same since I applied it . Shes not being herself , shes walking weird and she keeps scratching her back . I will never use this product again .
 On Sunday I put Advantix as directed between the shoulder blades of my 8 year old Chocolate Lab and Cairn Terrier . My Cairn had no reaction . My Lab did . The following day , she was lethargic , and I washed her , to try to remove the product from her skin . Tuesday morning she vomitted and would not move , she looked stoned and we took her to an animal hospital . They treated her for a reaction and her symptoms . Oxygen mask , I.V. , etc. . . By the end of the day she was having seizures and was moved to an overnight facility to be under watch . Her situation worsened and by mid-day on Wednesday she had passed away . I must note she was an indoor dog , not subject to chemicals , a healthy weight , great demeanor , and has not ever had medical problems . Within 72 hours she went from a lively , 8 year old lab , playing in the backyard with my son , to passing away . The only difference in her life was the K9 advantix .
 My dog almost died from using K9 Advantix . I used it on her in January & within 24 hours she started vomiting for 3 days straight . She was disoriented & could barely stand . Although I washed my hands after applying the product , I became nauseated after petting her & also vomited . Thinking it was a coincidence that we both were sick at the same time & not realizing the toxicity of K9 Advantix because those side effects are not listed on the package , I used it on her again last week -LRB- mid-March -RRB- and we both developed nausea again . This time my dog threw up for 4 days with blood . Because the exact same thing happened within 24 hours of using this product on 2 separate occasions , I was able to make the connection . Then I searched the internet & found hundreds of dog owners complaining of the same problem . Bayer needs to remove this product from the market !!!!!! Shame on them .
 I used K9 Advantix because I was bringing my dog with me on vacation into tick-infested woods . I used three-quarters of the 20 lb . dose on my 13 lb . poodle . Approx . 12 hours after application , she began to have terrible neurological symptoms , running in circles and crying , jerking and jumping . Her nose became very hot and her breathing became rapid and shallow . We were up all night . By the time I got instructions over the telephone to wash it off with liquid dish detergent , it had been 24 hours . She survived , but the cartilage in her throat has been damaged and her bark is permanently changed . If you are using this product for the first time , PLEASE use only half the recommended dose and standby with the liquid dish detergent . If your dog can stand it , you can apply the rest two days later . The only antidote for permethrin poisoning is to wash it off with liquid dish detergent within the first 24 hours ! Many dogs have been injured , and deaths have been attributed to K9 Advantix . If you feel you must use it , first read the horror stories on the internet . Bayer Animal Health should have included on the box instructions on how to wash it off with detergent if there was an adverse reaction .
 Used K9 Advantix believing it to be top of the line . After one dose , my dog became extremely hyper - kept running in circles . He 'd stare blankly and started crying . He started to vomit , bright red blood was coming from his rectum . He was bouncing off walls , running into objects , moaning strangely , and got very paranoid . He had a very difficult time breathing , rising body temperature and , lastly , lost the use of his hind legs as he was dragging them behind him in total panic . All of these symptoms manifest within 4 hours . We called our vet who wanted to see him immediately . They were prepared with IV meds , took blood tests , ordered x-rays and used scanning equipment because they HAD treated this before . Outcome was not promising . After two days in the hospital , we brought our baby home . What was the cause ? Bayer 's K9 Advantix - the medication with the highest concentrate of Permethrin . Our dog had succumb to Permethrin Poisoning . More common than you know . I 've run the gamut of every agency I knew , filed reports and complaints , but this appears to be a very hush-hush deal . I asked my vet , who has treated other dogs with similar reactions to Permethrin in K9 Advantix , exactly what he has seen for symptoms and outcomes . He replied everything from organ failure to permanent paralysis to death . My vet 's office does not recommend K9 Advantix to any pet owner as they 've seen , first hand , the pain and suffering a dose of K9 Advantix can have on a pet . Do n't kid yourself , you can use K9 Advantix for a year with absolutely no side effects , but it takes just one time for your pet to react adversely and have to go through what we did . Permethrin is a very potent poison used to kill hearty weeds . Bottom line , Bayer produces a `` medication '' that contains high levels of a toxic poison . Does anyone see how `` sick '' this situation is ???? There is an on-line blog called -LSB- ... -RSB- where you can read through 15 pages of actual testimonials from pet owners who have had to deal with the complications caused by Bayer 's K9 Advantix . I pray you do n't ever experience what our family did , nor any of the families who have lost their precious pets to K9 Advantix - God Bless you All !
 this product did not work at all.i have used this before and it was fine.this time NOT!i just heard on tv some meds ordered onlineare fakes.that must have been what happened to me.dzK9 Advantix Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 Pounds -LRB- 6 Applications -RRB-
 I switched from Revolution to Advantix for the tick control . Bottom line , this product does not work as advertised.I took my dog -LRB- treated with Advantix - advertised tick protection -RRB- , and my mom 's dog -LRB- control - no tick protection -RRB- into the hills for a hike . Both dogs were kept mostly on the trail , both dogs did brush against the grass . After the hike , my mom 's dog with no tick repellent picked up 7 ticks . My dog , 4 days after Advantix application -LRB- no baths -RRB- , picked up a dozen ticks . Not only did we pull 12 ticks off him within 48 hours of the hike , none of them appeared to be dying . The advantix may work a little ... both my husband and I found ticks crawling toward our heads after sitting on the couch with the dog . The ticks do n't die and still attach , but watch out ... they may look for a tastier meal at home - YOU !
 I have 5 dogs -LRB- small -RRB- and we live in Kansas . Last summer the fleas were horrible . I had been using Frontline Plus for years and it worked great . Last year Frontline Plus did not work . My dogs had a flea infestation . So I decided to try Advantix . I could n't spray our yard because we have chickens and a garden , so I concentrated on the spot treatment and the house and pet bedding . The fleas seemed to reduce and there were no ticks on my dogs . However this year we moved to 3 1/2 acres and I have kept up the Advantix over winter which I had not done in the past . We noticed that one of the dogs kept getting ticks . This month 's treatment I decided to leave the tick in place on the dog and treat with Advantix . We waited 1 hour and checked , tick still there . After 3 - 4 hours the tick was still there . We left the tick in place overnight and checked in the morning , tick was gone , but he had a couple of new ones . I am surprised that it took so long for the tick to go away -LRB- compared with Frontline Plus 3 hours was all it took before -RRB- . I can not put it down to immunity build up because we are in a new place that did not have pets before so there was n't a possibility of immunity in this year 's crop . I have yet to try the Frontline Plus , will wait a couple of weeks before applying that so that I do not over medicate the dogs . I have bought Adams Flea and Tick Mist and Shampoo in the meantime . It works - for a while . At least the shampoo kills the fleas -LRB- not sure about the ticks because we removed them before bath time -RRB- that were on the dogs . So in my opinion Advantix does not seem to work as well as advertised .
 I got K9 advantix for my old dog maybe 7 years ago and put it on him about 4 days before a trip to a lake in Kansas . We camped for several days and that last day there I noticed he had ticks and found several more by the time I got back to Denver . I noticed the product was made in Kansas so I mailed a letter voicing how ticked off I was that their product did n't work plus the fact the ticks were Kansas ticks and one would think their stuff should work on their own ticks . BTW did I forget to mention the live ticks I pulled off were included with my letter ! LOL ! PS My dog did develop chronic kidney failure and I wonder if this ! @ ## had something to do with it ?
 Since I never actually received ADVANTIX , I could n't tell you . I ORDERED Advantix , but the seller sent me Advantage II instead . Being that I was desperate , I went ahead and tried it . What I CAN tell you is that Advantage II is about as worthless as the drug store brands.I believe I 'm just about through with Amazon buying .
 So far I have put this product on my dog twice and she still has a problem with fleas . not satisfied with the product.thanks
 This was a complete waste of money . I 'm wondering if it just does n't work anymore or if this could be a counterfeit , but the Advantix I bought at Petsmart last year worked fine . The Advantix I bought here did zip . Nada . Nuttin . From day one through week 3 , I 'm still finding fleas and ticks on my dogs . I 'll be buying something else next time . I 'd give it 0 stars but that does not appear possible here .
 My dog had a bad reaction to this product , which I got from my vet . On two different occasions , he started acting strange a few hours after application . In particular , it seemed that his back legs froze up . I did n't make the connection the first time b/c I had been using this product for some time . My dog seems fine now , but I feel terrible about it and hope he wo n't suffer any long-term effects . Please do n't use this product . The other reviews sound kind of crazy , but it 's true
 We bought this before talking to our vet , the side effects just were n't worth it . Moral of the story is talk to your vet before you buy anything like this .
 There is a discrepancy between what is listed and what is shipped . The image in the photo is the same as what is shipped , but main item page says this is `` k9 Advantix II '' which is not what is shipped . There is a significant difference in the formula between `` K9 Advantix '' and `` K9 Advantix II '' . Hopefully Amazon will fix this problem and this review will soon be obsolete .
 I had used this on both my dogs . About the 4th time , my pug/westie mix started jerking towards her hind/tail area -LRB- I had put most on the back of the neck and a small portion at the base of her tail -RRB- . Since we had used this product before , we first thought she had hip or back problems so took her to the vet and specialist . After $ 1500 and 4 trips to the vet , including major pain medication she was better after a few days so assumed it was just a joint/back/hip problem that got better . The next month , right after using Advantix again , the same thing happened which led to the obvious conclusion it was an alergic reaction . I wished I had known it could be washed off with dish soap -LRB- per the earlier review -RRB- because she had to spend another 2 days until she stopped reacting to the treatment .
 I can not speak for everyone as everyone 's dog is different ... that being said from my perspective this product is not worth the money . My dog seems to be a tick magnet so I was desperate to find something that would help keep the ticks off of him . Each month I would apply the advantix a few hours after my dog had gotten his bath , the product was useless . We would go for our walks and I would keep him out of the brush , but when we came home and I would do I tick check I would find a tick attached to him . There were even occasions when he would just act like something was really bothering him and upon closer examination it was a tick . On top of it not repelling ticks it made my poor little terrier mix itch really badly . I stopped treatment after two months , disgusted with the product . Since then I have sprayed the perimeter of his yard with OrthoMax -LRB- which kills ticks that transmit Lyme Disease -RRB- and do regular checks for ticks ; I have no longer had a problem with ticks . The positive thing is that I am not applying a pesticide to my dog that could potentially harm him or my cats . The best thing you can do for your pet when it comes to ticks is to keep the grass mowed short and eliminate the environment that ticks thrive in . By the way if you do have problems with ticks get a tick twister they work great when it comes to removing an attached tick !
 The thought of K-9 Advantix repelling fleas , ticks PLUS biting flies really appealed to me . I was a bit nervous because my youngest Chihuahua was only 11 weeks & 2 1/2 lbs & I 'd read about some reactions . Well the only reaction I saw was eye irritation -LRB- all 3 of my dogs woke up with eye goobers the following morning after application of K-9 Advantix BOTH times I used this product -RRB- Also , I applied in the morning & that evening I took them outside for a little romp & brought them inside & noticed a few black fly bites on their stomaches . My dogs have NEVER had fleas & 2 weeks later I noticed them scratching & saw fleas on them ! I swear this Advantix stuff does n't repell , but attracks fleas . I 've had better luck with cheap store bought flea/tick repellant than with K-9 Advantix . Frontline ... here we come !
 Advantix made my dog itch madly all over , his skin became inflamed & swollen , lips and tongue turned bright red and his lively , beautiful eyes looked at me with great suffering . Fortunately a good bath fixed him up just fine .
 -LRB- Purchased from amazon seller FleaZapper -RRB- i received this in a little plastic baggy . no box . I contacted seller about it and they were very nasty . they told me I should learn to read but nowhere on the ad did i see that i didnt come with a box . . anyway they swore that it was genuine and not expired so against my better judgement i used it on my 4 dogs . well it did not work at all . i was better of putting water on them . no effect on fleas at all . this is garbage and a total rip off . . BUYER BEWARE !!!!!! FAKE !!!!!!
 Used this product for last two months . Put on application a week ago . Noticed the dog scratching , when I looked at her belly she was covered in fleas .
 I used this product on my dog for a few months and he had a few fleas , but not a major problem . Then I decided to save money and not buy it for a couple months during the winter . The next spring I purchased 6 months supply . It did not work , not even a little . It even led to a major infestation in my house . I have never had that occur with any product before . I bought this product based on the reviews so I do n't understand why it would work on one dog , and not at all on another . It ended up being a very expensive mistake .
 For the second summer in a row , we have a tick infestation while my dog is on K9 Advantix . These big fat nasty ticks are everywhere and completely gross ! It works well for fleas as I have n't seen a flea in ages , but this tick problem is just horrible . And I 've even been dosing him every 3 weeks rather than 4 . Guess I 'll switch to Frontline Plus and see how that goes , but no more K9 Advantix for us .
 Within 10 minutes of applying to my dog -LRB- 12 pounds -RRB- , she started running around in circles to point of exhaustion , including scratching of the back and heavy breathing . After lifting her and putting my palm on her chest , I can tell her breathing was elevated and her body temperature was high . I immediately washed her and used regular dog shampoo and used lots of water to remove the products . Thereafter , she was fine . Never , never again to use this product .
 I tried K9 Advantix for the first time this spring . I still found fresh ticks biting my dog after one week . This never happened with Frontline . I will go back to Frontline , it always worked .
 We 've been using Advantix for a long time and it works great BUT recently we had an emergency with our small dog.I came home to find her eyes swollen shut . We 'd done nothing out of the ordinary except apply her latest dose of Advantix the night before . We thought perhaps she had rubbed some on her bed and then gotten it in her eyes . While my wife ran the dog to the vet , I called the emergency help number for Advantix to see what they recommend should this be the case . After describing the situation to the Advantix representative , he told me in a most condesending tone that it sounded like `` an interesting theory '' . After repeating that I was just interested in finding out what we should just in case , he again refused to give me any sort of advice and instead implied I was lying . He sarcastically informed me that `` it 's not like there 's an antidote '' . Eventually I just hung up.I 'm not sure why there is an emergency help number listed if Advantix is not planning on giving any help , but for all the other pet owners out there -- do n't bother calling and do n't bother buying !
 I have an 11 month old Beagle mix . I originally used Frontline Plus but wanted to try Advantix for the added benefit of repelling mosqitos and it 's supposed ability to repel ticks . Being that I live in a wooded area in PA with deer everywhere it 's only natural to expect ticks.I did n't apply any medication over the winter months and now that its Spring I tried applying Advantix for the first time . I did as directed and applied small amounts in 3 spots down his back . An hour or so later he seemed to be scratching more than normal . Now I never saw a flea on him as he 's mainly an inside dog , we just go out for leash walks around the neighborhood . I thought maybe I just could n't see the fleas and the medication was making the fleas go bonkers before they die.Well , the next day he could n't stop scratching . He actually pulled some hair out from his hind leg trying to reach his lower back . I felt horrible that he was so itchy . He also seemed very sensitive when I tried to pet his lower back . I could n't even get him to stay still to look through his fur . He did n't have any reactions like panting heavily or being lethargic so I was n't too worried . It took over a week before his biting slowed down.I was finally able to look through his fur and he had an actual burn hole in his skin covered by a scab about the size of a dime . This only happened at the end of his back -- the other two spots didnt have that reaction . I 'm guessing because with his thicker hair on his upper back I did n't get all the medication directly on his skin . The lower part I was able to actually see skin and it must have been too strong or my dog is allergic to something in it . My only recommendation is to put a tiny amount directly on their skin to see if your dog has any reactions before applying the entire tube . If I had made contact with his skin in 3 or 4 places I ca n't imagine how uncomfortable that would have been on him . : -LRB-
 been using product on time for three months . went hunting this month 15 days into last aplication . We have lots of ticks and I find them the day after there not dead . verry discouraged will have to go back to frontline at least it kills them . sorry . cold dirty bird hunter
 Here i sit with my 1 1/2 year old Japanese Chin 8 hours after Advantix application.When the time came for us to have quiet time , she came to my lap and i noticed she was shivering and staring into space . She is now hyper and will not rest , even though it is 3am . She continues to shiver and prance , holding her tail awkwardly . Another oddity is when i pet her she jerks her legs.There were no other variables to her day . i became concerned and searched if this med has reputation for causing adversities . YES ! Please read about the effects beforehand and your will find other reports of reactions !!! POISON
 After using Frontline for years I tried K9 advantix . Within an hour my dog could not eat and was obviously in very bad shape . At this point I do n't know if he will survive or what the long term damage will be . Unfortunately I used it without doing research on line first . Bad reactions are very common and deaths are not unheard of .
 I will never order from this company again because the expiration date on the tubes are 7-2008 ! Considering we 're using them for JUNE , JULY and AUGUST of 2008 , that means that they 're probably NO GOOD !! Sure enough , the one we put on her for JULY , 2008 did NOT work very well ! In fact , we put it on her on 7-5-08 and she 's been scratching like crazy from FLEAS for a week now and it 's not time for the August tube to be put on yet!If this is the best they can do , they can forget me doing business with them !!!
 After a few years of using Frontline successfully , we decided to give K-9 Advantix a try because it claimed to be effective against mosquitos as well.After application , our poor min pin was absolutely tormented ! He scratched almost constantly -- he 'd take a couple of steps , stop and scratch , take a couple of steps , stop and scratch ... on and on . When he walked , his hind end protruded sideways as if he had some sort of major defect . He could n't even manage to walk straight across the room.The sad part is , it was n't until the third application that we made the connection between the Advantix and these horrible symptoms ! -LRB- I know , how could we have not figured it out ? -RRB- When we finally discovered that we 'd been paying big bucks to torture our own dog , I was furious ! 10 seconds with a search engine pulled up the very information that BAYER should have warned us about!Mind you , I had no prior knowledge of these side effects , so this is n't a conspiracy theory situation . I just noticed that my dog had an awful , inexplicable reaction and found the information after the fact.PLEASE think twice before using this product !
 BEWARE - My 90 pound male Labrador has suffered an adverse reaction to K9 Advantix . After two successful applications last year , we purchased K9 Advantix again this May 2010 . Unfortunately he is suffering a horrible reaction due to this application . Perhaps an allergic reaction . Scheduled to see the vet this afternoon . I will never apply this or any of the other topical anti flea meds to my dogs again .
 Your service was great quick and efficeint . The problem is the product did not work and my dogs dont even go out , only in our arms to the vehicle . I have toy poodles which at the heavist 8 pounds I would have thought it would have worked . Have used this product in the past no problem worked like a charm , maybe it was a bad batch .
 After I applied it , my pup started scratching like crazy -LRB- almost like paranoid scratching -RRB- but he seemed fine since he was able to get some rest here and there . What concerned me is that he began biting at his nether region , which resulted in little cuts -LRB- he 's never done that in the time he 's had fleas -RRB- . Also , when I gave him the commands he has already learned really well , it took many repetitions for him to finally follow them -LRB- he stared blankly for a long period of time -RRB- . In addition , his urine became darker even though he consumed the same amount of water he usually does . The only positive aspect about this product is that I found a few dead fleas 9 hours after use . Still , I wo n't make the mistake of purchasing this product again . Especially after reading all of the horror stories & realizing that this harmful product does not even have any warning labels for possible side effects , why risk your dog 's health ? Not worth it at all .
 I applied K9 Advantix on my dog about a month ago , and I 've pulled 4 ticks off her in the last week and a half . She does n't have any fleas , thank goodness , but to me ticks are even scarier.She is a 75 lb American Bulldog , so it 's possible I need to re-dose her more often - but I 'm hesitant to give her Advantix every 2.5 to 3 weeks . If you read the Advantix description , they just say it `` repels '' ticks , not that it prevents or kills them . Wish I had interpreted that for what it really meant in the beginning . I 'm going to ask for my money back and switch to Frontline .
 I used K9 Advantix on out 90 lb . Old English bulldog for the first time on the advice of a friend that it killed ticks better . I 'm sorry I used it . Twenty min . after application our dog had a major seizure . He then went on to develop leg tremors , difficulty walking and climbing stairs . He became lethargic , acted like he was nauseated or dizzy . He lost nearly 10 lbs . in two weeks . Our vet and groomer said it was the Advantix , that they have had other dogs come in with neurological symptoms after the product was used . He has gotten better , but he is still not himself . When I called Bayer , they said all of this was an unusual reaction to the product , but if you do research on-line , you will see thousands of animals that have had bad reactions and/or died .
 I just switched from advantage to advantix and my dog had a rash where it was applied . That was n't too bad . But a few days later he began having seizures and vomiting . I had a strong feeling it was the advantix but Bayer does n't list adverse reactions on the package so I called . I was told that could n't happen as the medication is not absorbed into the skin . Do you know of anything that is n't ? Skin has pores ! It was a dumb response and they refused to report the seizures and vomiting but did report the skin rash . So I guess Bayer will admit there are adverse reactions , they just get to choose which ones . And if you google adverse reactions to K9 Advantix , you 'll see my dog is n't alone . It may work great for some but Bayer needs to be more honest with their customers .
 Within 2 hrs of applying this product to my 2 year old 19 lb healthy dog , he began shaking , crying and scratching out-of-control . After 3 days , 2 baths , 2 trips to the Vet and one steriod injection by the Vet , his skin is still red and appears to have a chemical burn on the site of application . He still has sudden bursts of pain causing him to cry , shake and pant heavily . The manufacturer was contacted by the Vet and while they are aware of this type of adverse reaction , they provided little information for treatment or duration.If you choose to use this product , watch your dog carefully and be ready to act quickly if you notice any discomfort .
 Be aware that this company is knowingly marketing this product using a an imaging that represents the current range ; however , they will supply an older version of the drug . Once you 're order is placed the image will miraculously change to the old product line as if that is what you ordered all alone . Very devious .
 I was prescribed Advantix by my vet . I applied it as instructed and within hours my dog was distraught . He did n't sleep all night , he was beside himself running around the house with jerky movements . He started shivering uncontrollably and panting heavily . We took him to the vet 's - he said there was no antidote to the medicine and that any adverse symptoms should pass . My dog has still not recovered and is not himself . I will never give my dog this product again . I will never give my dog anything without researching the product myself first . Incidently one website seemed to say Bichon Frise/white fluffy dogs are more susceptable and my dog is a Coton de Tulear -LRB- related to Bichons -RRB-
 This is not the same as Advantage . I used this on my beagle , followed the instructions and had a horrible reaction , started with the itching and skin became irritated . Then he started having neurological problems , is constantly pacing does not wag his tale , is lethargic at time then anxious .
 DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT . My Boxer had a horrible reaction and it never occured to me to see if it was safe since my vet sells it ! It has now been 5 days and she is getting better , bathing her and benadryl is what has helped her . She was screaming 2 days after applying it to her as if her back was on fire . She had diarreah for 2 days , would n't eat and had bouts of crazy hyper behavior . She is on the mend thank god . I would never reccomend it . I returned the unused portion to my vet , got a full refund and they have flagged her chart regarding this reaction .
 Both of my dogs had a horrible reaction to this product . They were pacing , acting weird , and scratching relentlessly . They could n't sleep and were generally ` wired ' from the product . They were whining and clearly uncomfortable . I washed the product off about 8 hours later since the symptoms did n't go away . That relieved them . They were left with scabs on their back from where the product was applied . STEER CLEAR of this . I bought it over the counter at Petco but my vet said that many dogs do not agree with the product and that this is not an uncommon reaction .
 I tried Advantix -LRB- as opposed to Advantage -RRB- for the first time recently and immediately noticed that my dog was having a strong reaction to it . She stayed up all night panting heavily and periodically would run in circles . I checked the package insert and it said nothing about possible adverse reactions , and the product website also failed to warn of potential problems . However , I read on a vet 's site that Advantix , unlike Advantage , is known to cause a variety of side effects , including hyper-activity , which was obviously what was going on with my dog . This site said not to use the product again in the event of a bad reaction . Not only was I unhappy with the product , but was upset that Bayer did n't bother to list possible side effects . Very irresponsible . I wo n't use any of their pet products again .
 Although I have used Advantage safely for years , Bayer has added a toxic pesticide Permethrin , to it 's formula to market the once flea only product for ticks also ... The very same Permethrin sold over the counter as Bio-Spot your vet will tell you is unsafe ... Do a google on Advantix toxic , Permethrin toxic & see the results ... My Min-Pin started showing signs of neurologicalproblems the very next day ... I regret applying at night before going to bed as I could not do a thing the net day ... I tried washing the product off 3 times with soapy Dawn , but it was too late ... He became confused , lethargic , spaced out without ability to focus ... later could n't even go out to pee ... He died 3 days after application ... Bayer denied any of the symptoms exhisted before & said it must have been something else ... The dog was in good health , & never left the house after application ... The neurological symptoms came within hours of application ... I MISS My `` Little Man '' ... Permethrine IS POISON for your yard ... read the warnings ... My dog died from this product advantix ... do n't believe the marketing & advertising HYPE by Bayer ... it 's all for money at the expense of sme pets reactions ... do the research BEFORE !!
 My dog almost died from this product from the ingredient Permethrin . Within 8 hour of applying the correct amount to my dog he was crying and hallucinating pulling his hair out.His body was twitching , and his back legs would not move . I immediately washed him with Dawn detergent , but this still did not help . I took him to the vet and they started injections of atropine the antidote for Permethrin , and was hospitlized.He is now experiencing kidney problems , and fluid in the lungs from this.My vet bill has reached $ 823.21 and it 's still not over.My vet refuses to carry this product it 's deadly for some pets .
 My dog -LRB- Cairn Terrier mix -RRB- had terrible side effects from this medication . Not only did he scratch his back to the point where it bled , but he acted completely bizarre for approximately 6 days -- my dad called him the LSD dog . He was jumpy and paranoid and just seemed miserable and haunted.After I returned the remainder of the medication to the vet , I told him what had happened and he said he 'd never heard any other complaints about Advantix , but after a quick search of the internets , I realized I was not alone . Bayer needs to put a warning on this product -- if your dog experiences any side effects , bathe him/her * immediately * using Dawn liquid detergent.Clearly every dog is different . The good reviews are from people whose dogs did not have a bad reaction , but if you 've never used it before , why take the chance when you have other options ? I have since switched to Frontline Plus with no problems . -LRB- We used Revolution in the past , which was fine , but it is not effective against ticks . -RRB-
 I would never have applied this product to my dog if I had known what it would do . I applied it as directed , and everywhere it touched her skin is inflamed and red , her whole body is hot and she is in agony , twitching and whimpering . She keeps trying to scratch her back and can not sleep or relax . I am waiting for a return call from the vet now . Please do not use this product , I feel horrible because I was just trying to help her and I will never forgive myself if she dies . Once I realized there was a problem , I immeadiately washed her with dishsoap but it did n't help . I will say that my other two dogs are just fine after application , but it is n't worth the chance .
 I used K9 Advantix because I was bringing my dog with me on vacation into tick-infested woods . I used three-quarters of the 20 lb . dose on my 13 lb . poodle . Approx . 12 hours after application , she began to have terrible neurological symptoms , running around and crying , jerking and jumping . Her nose became very hot and her breathing became rapid and shallow . We were up all night . By the time I got instructions over the telephone to wash it off with liquid dish detergent , it had been 24 hours . She survived , but the cartilage in her throat has been damaged and her bark is permanently changed . If you are using this product for the first time , PLEASE use only half the recommended dose and standby with the liquid dish detergent . If your dog can stand it , you can apply the rest two days later . The only antidote for permethrin poisoning is to wash it off with liquid dish detergent within the first 24 hours ! Many dogs have been injured , and deaths have been attributed to K9 Advantix . If you feel you must use it , first read the horror stories on -LSB- ... -RSB- on the K9 Advantix topic . Bayer Animal Health will tell you it is perfectly safe . Do n't believe them !
 I have read the reviews and know that K9 Advantix works for many peoples ' pets . However , be very careful when using this brand of flea control . I have been using Frontline Plus and had no problems with it , but K9 Advantix advertised that it killed and repelled more insects so I thought I would try it on my 12 pound Shih-Poo . What a mistake ! Within the first 24 hours of using this product , the application site became very red and my dog was scratching like crazy . I gave him a bath in oatmeal shampoo to remove any K9 Advantix residue and to try to relieve some of the itchiness . It gave my dog some relief but later that day I noticed that the area was still red and the skin had started to flake , peel and bleed . I immediately rushed him to my vet and was told that the K9 Advantix had given my dog a skin infection . He was put on an antibiotic , an antihistamine , and Benadryl at night to help him sleep and keep him from scratching all night long . I 'm happy to say that the medications are working and his skin color is now back to normal . I read another review where a similar situation happened to the owner of Shih-Tzu . I do n't know whether K9 Advantix has an adverse reaction only on certain breeds , but I 'd be very careful using this product , especially on small dogs .
 I have used this product in the past with excellent results , but this must have been a bad batch , for I did n't see any positive results . My dogs were covered in fleas just one week after application , and I was forced to buy locally to resolve the issue . It is difficult to understand how a product can work so well , and then not at all !!!
 After various flea-killers failed to do their job on my Big Girl , I thought maybe they were counterfeit so , trusting Amazon , I bought this . After applying 2 weeks ago I 'm still brushing out live fleas . maybe they 've developed an immunity -- this stuff used to work but now does about 75 % . Anybody out there got a sure thing that kills the fleas but not the dog ? -LRB- nothing Chinese , please !! -RRB-
 i used both of this products this way and neither one worded will buy the oniginal for now on just a waste of money
 Do n't and I repeat DO N'T waste your money it does n't work on fleas and it does n't work on ticks ! I visited a friend in Tenn. who lives in the country last fall when I returned to Orlando I gave my Cocker Spaniel a bath and a haircut and was amazed that she had over 100 ticks , when I called the manufacture and told them about it the customer service lady acted like that was no big deal . Well it sure was to me . This crap is expensive , I even went to the size above her weight for the extra protection.It 's supposed to repel as well as kill and from my experience it does n't do either so save your money . I would have given it NO stars but you ca n't ! PS I did not buy this from Amazon , Amazon is great ! I bought from big box P-S . By the way P-S removed my review !
 When I received the product it was n't the one I purchased . It was just Advantix , not K9 Advantix !
 We 've been using Advantix for a long time and it works great BUT recently we had an emergency with our small dog.I came home to find her eyes swollen shut . We 'd done nothing out of the ordinary except apply her latest dose of Advantix the night before . We thought perhaps she had rubbed some on her bed and then gotten it in her eyes . While my wife ran the dog to the vet , I called the emergency help number for Advantix to see what they recommend should this be the case . After describing the situation to the Advantix representative , he told me in a most condesending tone that it sounded like `` an interesting theory '' . After repeating that I was just interested in finding out what we should just in case , he again refused to give me any sort of advice and instead implied I was lying . He sarcastically informed me that `` it 's not like there 's an antidote '' . Eventually I just hung up.I 'm not sure why there is an emergency help number listed if Advantix is not planning on giving any help , but for all the other pet owners out there -- do n't bother calling and do n't bother buying !
 We 've been using Advantix for a long time and it works great BUT recently we had an emergency with our small dog.I came home to find her eyes swollen shut . We 'd done nothing out of the ordinary except apply her latest dose of Advantix the night before . We thought perhaps she had rubbed some on her bed and then gotten it in her eyes . While my wife ran the dog to the vet , I called the emergency help number for Advantix to see what they recommend should this be the case . After describing the situation to the Advantix representative , he told me in a most condesending tone that it sounded like `` an interesting theory '' . After repeating that I was just interested in finding out what we should just in case , he again refused to give me any sort of advice and instead implied I was lying . He sarcastically informed me that `` it 's not like there 's an antidote '' . Eventually I just hung up.I 'm not sure why there is an emergency help number listed if Advantix is not planning on giving any help , but for all the other pet owners out there -- do n't bother calling and do n't bother buying !
 I have two cocker spaniels and a bichon frise . I used this product on them 7 April . It did not bother my two spaniels , but my bichon started going crazy . He would race through the house , run in circles , try to bite the spot on his back , right above his tail ; or he would just sit and whimper . I called the 800 number on the box and was told that the dog is feeling tingling similar to when our foot falls asleep -LRB- I wonder how they know this ? -RRB- , to not bathe him yet , and that it would subside in 24-72 hours . Five days later , he was still in a lot of discomfort . My vet said it was too late to bathe him at that point , and I had to take him in to get a steroid shot , and five weeks worth of prednisolone pills for him to take . Even though it has not bothered my spaniels , I will not use this again . My vet said that K9 Advantix has different and stronger stuff in it than others that are similar to it , and they will not carry it at their office .
 Our five pound Yorkie had a very bad reaction , shortly after the application . He showed loss of appetite , and very erratic behavior . I finally tried to partially wash the treatment off , about six hours after the application . I am about to call the vet and inquire about how to proceed . Needless to say , I will never again use this product .
 Product came with applicator bottles and instructions only . When I have ordered from other places in the past , they come in an original box with the applicator bottles sealed in foil and plastic , so you know that they have not been tampered with . I am very unsatisfied and unsure about using them on my dogs .
 I recieved the older version of K9 Advantix , not the newer version listed on the posting . The one I recieved does not work at all . My dog keeps scratching and we still find fleas on him . Would not recommend product at all .
 I understand that all dogs react differently to different medications , but a few hours after I gave my dog his first dose he began to act differently . Instead of being the friendly , playful dog he usually is , he only wanted to be alone and secluded himself . After another few hours and by the end of the day he would not walk as if it hurt him to walk . He chewed and scratched all day where the medication had been applied as well as his paws . It scared me badly but after some research I realized it was an allergic reaction , I 'm glad it was nothing more serious because it was a saturday night and the next day was a sunday and almost all the pet clinics were closed except for some far away . Within a couple of days and after a bit of benadryl he was fine and I 'm very grateful , but we can no longer use this product and my money has gone to waste .
 I have a 15 lb Bichon frise / poodle mix . I tried this medication on her this morning . About 1 hour after application she started scratching the application area and whimpering . She began to run around frantically while whimpering and crying . I immediately washed the infected area with Dawn dishwashing soap . I then took her to the vet . He told me my dog had an allergic reaction to the Advantix . He said she wo n't die from it as it takes a dosage 10x than what I gave her to do that . He told me to wash the whole body with Dawn and gave her a shot for pain and one for itching . He gave me some meds to give her while at home . I feel soooo bad , she is still scratching and whimpering . He said that dogs with white fur have sensitive skin . It 's best to give them an oral medication like Comfortis instead of topical ones .
 Almost took my Husky to the vet after using this product.Within an hour of giving this to my dog he was acting very strange . He was almost paralyzed in his hindquarters , he could n't walk more than a few feet without hitting the ground and then would frantically start biting at his rear end . He would n't come to me when I called him and would just go lay down with a scared look on his face . I felt so bad for him and felt even more upset with myself for not reading more into it . I will NEVER use this product again.Read other reviews , it 's not bogus . This product has very adverse side effects for some animals and I would recommend avoiding it all together if you care about your pet . It 's simply not worth the risk .
 After overpaying for this at the vet I decided to try to save some money buying this online . After receiving it I found the packaging different than the one we have been purchasing . The vials of liquid were not marked and were very different from what I was used to . We reluctantly applied it and had no issues , but I would be hesitant to order this product online again . I have gone back to buying from my vet or local pet store .
 My review is not for the product , but for the seller - BUYER BEWARE!The product PHOTO shown above is for Bayer K9 Advantix II . The photo you 'll see when you add this product to your cart is for K9 Advantix II . What you 'll actually receive from the shipper is K9 Advantix , which Bayer stopped manufacturing in March of 2011 . I contacted the seller , asking about the discrepancy and was told `` The photo is NOT of K9 Advantix II , it is just the new packaging they have for the regular K9 Advantix '' , prompting me to contact Bayer directly , describing the packaging I received . Bayer actually stopped manufacturing K9 Advantix in March of 2011 and went to K9 Advantix II -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . The difference is the newer product kills flea EGGS , while the original product does not . While I read the description of the product , the photo itself is PURPOSELY misleading and it was until I received the shipment and checked my purchase history , that the photo of the old product appeared.Since my concern is ticks , not fleas , and as there is no expiration date on the product , I will use it rather than go thru the hassle of returning and repurchasing . Bayer did say there was no harm in using it also . I simply feel the seller here is mis-leadng an their fOllow-up email proves it , as they are trying to claim new product packaging ... I 'll continue to purchase this product online - just NOT FROM THIS SELLER .
 I have 3 rescues that I am , to say the least , obsessed about . Switched to this from frontline after finding a few fleas on my pups not realizing that that is normal i.e. fleas have to feed to be killed . Anyhow after my first application of this my one pet chi started having a pesticide-like -LRB- cholinergic -RRB- reaction with panting , anxiety , pacing , drooling , whining and diarrhea . I was freaking out b/c I thought he was going to have a seizure -LRB- that comes next -RRB- . I started reading online and there are literally forums criticizing this as unsafe i.e. the flea repellant properties work great but NUMEROUS pets have had these SEVERE reactions which are nothing to joke about or take lightly . I have nothing against Bayer and respect their other products but this one , like HARTZ products , should be banned . My solution FYI - I hesitated trying an oral regimen -LRB- why would I want my dogs to consume a pesticide -RRB- but I trust my vet so I reluctantly tried them on Trifexis -LRB- Spinosid is main ingredient -RRB- and all of them tolerate it absolutely side effect free and have seen ZERO fleas after 5 months . It may not be your dogs solution but I would be super cautious proceeding with the use of this product .
 It will kill your cats and dogs if given in too high of an amount , which is easy to do with the amount in a single tube . The same chemical used in it to kill ticks was used in an earlier flea control product and was deemed unsafe by vets . Somehow the Bayer company repackaged essentially the same products but got vets to accept it . This product should NOT be sold over the counter and ONLY vets should apply it in control and monitored circumstances . I fear this is an example of corporate profit being but ahead of public health .
 I WAS NOT HAPPY WITH THIS ITEM I HAVE USED FOR A LONG TIME.I FELT IS WAS OLD PRODUCT.AMAZON PUT ME IN TOUCH WITH THE MANUFACTURER AND THEY SENT ME A NEWER TYPE OF THIS PRODUCT , K9 ADVANTIX II AND ALL IS WELL.THANK YOU AMAZON
 I will never use this product again . After using this product my dog started panting and could not be still . He also had diarrhea so bad that I had to take him to the vet twice . The vet had to put him on 3 different meds 3 times a day for a couple weeks . I will only use natural products in the future . This is my baby !
 I would n't put Advantix on my dog again if you paid me . READ ALL THE SEIZURE and DEATH REPORTS OUT THERE ! I put one dose on my schnauzer and he ended up in the hospital for 5 days . Two minutes after I applied it , he was running around acting irritated . I immediately threw him in the tub and washed it off with Dawn dishwashing liquid . By the time I got done washing it off , both his ears had swollen with giant hematomas and he was acting disoriented . Rushed him to the Vet and they had to pump him full of charcoal to clear the toxin out of his system and he was very , very sick . There are so many reports of animal seizures and deaths due to Advantix , Advantage , and the cheap brands that the FDA held a special session on the injury reports . Bayer even reimburses people 's vet bills when the product KILLS their animals . Big pharmacutical companies are not gon na let the FDA remove the products , so be smart and do n't poison your pets . Frontline and Revolution are about the only 2 that do n't seem to have many injury reports .
 Save your money and buy a better bird feer ... the opening for the seeds to fall out is so small that all the seeds end up getting stuck ... i had to go out and literally SHAKE IT for the sees to come out so the birds could eat it.Even tried to take it apart so I could make the holes bigger , but it completely fell apart .
 The cover was missing and the roof was broken . It was clear to me that it was packaged that way as no parts were found in the box . I used duct tape and repaired the roof .
 This lasted a week . One windy day cause the cord to break and crashed on the deck . Now , it is just an expensive pile of plastic ribble .
 This holds a lot of seed as described , but unfortunately the edges are too large/deep , which enables mourning doves to sit and eat to their hearts ' delight . I was n't intending to directly feed the doves , only other birds . It does look nice hanging in my backyard , even if it 's empty . I 'll keep hunting for a better feeder .
 I was very disappoined in the product . It turned out to be plastic , not ceramic like I the one I had purchased in the past . I went back to the site and could not find where the seller states that the product is plastic . It does not compare to the ceramic Lighthouse Bird Feeder I currently own . The seller should identify this item as plastic and not have it a suprise to the buyer when it arrives at their home .
 To be fair I purchased a used or returned item which was the Cherry Valley Delux Gazebo Bird Feeder . When it arrived it had no top for the feeder which without out the feed would get wet every time it rained and it did n't come with any fastners to connect the feeder to a tree , etc so it couldn ` be hung up . That has been my one and only experience purchasing a returned item and it will be my last.I was to receive a full refund from back in the beginning of March and I am still waiting for it .
 I just recently found out the the bird feeder I purchased for a friend 's Christman , along with the bird food was damaged . I was very disappointed .
 I thought this came with the cardinal - was disappointed with that - it is pretty cheaply made the nice things is that it holds a lot of seed - less refills .
 The multi-section pole is extremely flimsy and is not capable of supporting the loaded feeder in anything other than calm weather conditions . The feeder housing is 100 % light plastic . This is a classic case of `` you get what you pay for '' . I find it hard to believe that it was made in America . If this unit were to be manufactured with a more solid post attachment base piece with the buyer responsible for providing the actual post the feeder would easily rate at least three stars .
 I was excited about this feeder because it held a lot of seed , which meant me not filling it every other day . Well , I found it shattered on the ground after one week . The plastic is thin and can not support the weight . A waste of money !
 I was really excited about the feeder . I filled it and raised it up andthe birds came but then it broke . I tried to tape it up and it lookedterrible and broke again . So here I am buying a different feeder .
 I was amazed , I did n't think they were this strong , but in only a couple weeks time , squirrels ate through the TOP plastic covor of the birdfeeder , not the clear plastic seed viewing area , but the top covor of it . And I had it hanging a couple feet below the branch but that did n't stop them . Right now there is a 2 '' hole in the plastic top of my birdfeeder that was eaten away by the squirrels and sometimes I actually see a squirrel inside the feeder . I have n't heard of this before , but I guarantee it happened to me.Now I 'm looking for a new feeder but among other squirrelproof things I want them to have , they HAVE to have a metal top and specify it in the description , the squirrels -LRB- or maybe they 're super-squirrels -RRB- ate through the plastic top of my current feeder .
 I received the item which is made of flimsy plastic damaged due to the way it was packaged . I requested a return and a refund including what it cost me to ship it back to the vendor . I received the refund for the original purchase , but to date , have not received a refund for the cost of the return shipping . I have e-mailed the vendor three times and to date the only response I get is an automated response notifying me that someone will be contacting me -- which no one has . At this point , it 's not so much the $ 12 shipping cost , but the principle of the issue which is they shipped a damaged product and have refused numerous times to respond to my inquiry . Therefore , I would not recommend the product or the vendor .
 When I rec 'd this bird feeder I was more then happy with it , I was so excited about it and I filled it up with bird seed and hung it and within minutes the cord snapped and down went the bird feeder busted into piece -LRB- Seeing its all plastic -RRB- I was / am very disappointment in this product and very upset that for the price of this bird feeder it is useless to me now !!!!! If you do get this feeder , NEVER fill it more then half cause it will snap on you too !!! Whats the point of having a large bird feeder if I ca n't fill it with bird seeder ! SO UPSET !!! I wish I could of left a 0 star !
 I received this bird house with a 4 '' crack along the base . It was inexpensive , so I wo n't even go through the hassle of returning it . For the price , I guess that plastic is understandable ...
 I did not have time to enjoy this purchase . We filled it with birdseed and not 2 minutes after hanging it , it fell and broke . I had securely hung it with the wire that was attached . The wire did stay , however the rest of it feel . I would not purchase this product again . So sad because it 's a pretty feeder .
 I just received two of the Cherry Valley gazebo bird feeders , I bought them because of their large size.I filled one and when I hung it up the hanging support broke , the feeder crashed to the ground and the bottom cracked and the seed came out when I lifted it up.This feeder is a total piece of crap.Don ' t waste your money .
 I was so excited to receive this bird feeder as a gift . I filled it and hung it outside by the provided hanger and later that day found it on the ground cracked and broken beyond repair . Very disappointed with this item .
 It looked bigger and beatiful . When I received it I was discontent but the price of the product was 17.20 and I paid 46.99 . I said probably it was a mistake and they charged me the right amount . What a surprise . I was charged 46.99 and not the combined amount when you bought the seed for the birds together . I called amazon and they told me to speak with outdoor livings . They said the product was 46.99 . What a rip off . Becareful buying things online these days . I have been buying things in the internet for years without any problem but I will stop this practice . It is better to see the product with your own eyes first .
 This feeder is really cute , but lasted less than a week in my yard . The squirrels destroyed the rails and sat in it .
 I thought this looked like such a neat bird feeder I had to get it for my Grandpa . Shipping was great and it arrived super fast . When I took it out of the package I was like this is so cool looking . But upon closer examination it is very very very cheaply made . Thin plastic and the paint was not inside the lines . I am super disapointed . This would have been soooo cool if they had put a little more into it . Not worth the price .
 This bird feeder is large but not strong enough to sustain the amount of bird feed . I filled it up the first time , pulled it up to hang it up and it crashed to the ground and broke . I am very unhappy !
 I saw this exact feeder at a local store . This feeder looks really nice but the plastic is really cheap . This was not designed with any thought for the poor birds . The perching area is narrow and slippery . I decided on a cedar gazebo and the birds love it .
 The quality is fine , however , the pan is impregnated with Microban , which will repel mold and bacteria . Microban is made with a chemical that is considered to be a carcinogen if ingested and all rabbits will chew on the rim of the pan from time to time . I purchased it for my pet rabbit because of the high sides and back , but will not take the chance of him getting sick or worse from ingesting the plastic with this chemical in it , so I could not use it . I did not know it was made with this chemical and that is why I rated the pan with only two stars.I would think that this pan would be fine for cats , as they generally do not chew their litter boxes .
 I bought this to go inside of the enclosed wood chest because it matched the dimensions listed in the description . I figured the high back might prevent litter from coming out so easily , and would catch urine sprays . Instead , I ended up with a huge mess that I had to clean up daily . I 'll stick with the Buddha box !
 I bought this product as a fresh cologne spray for doggy odors . It does not have any smell at all . Not worth it as a cologne .
 I bought this for my beagle/bassett mix . When I put this on her and she barked she shook her head at first and continued to bark through it . It did not have enough power to actually cause her enough discomfort to stop . I put it away after it stopped working , I thought perhaps the batteries were dead and replaced them , it still did not work . I tried to return it to the store to exchange it , but the company demands that you ship it back directly to them . It was bad enough that my dog was annoying with her barking , it was even more annoying to spend $ 120 on a product that did n't work , and then broke , and then I could n't even exchange it . Not worth it .
 Although this product may work with certain barking behaviours -LRB- for example
 This collar is n't worth the effort , or money . It worked for about a week for me , I even bought an extra pair of batteries . After a couple successful days of use , and the dog actually did respond positively to the collar , it stopped shocking her . I tried switching batteries , the collar just refused to shock her when she barked.I 'd say for larger dogs , this collar would work fine . But for my 15 pound dog , either the collar stopped functioning correctly or she 's just too small . Regardless , I ca n't recommend this product to anyone for a dog of any size .
 This is the worst training collar I have ever used My poor dog was terrified and would not stop barking and crying . I returned the collar for my money back .
 I ordered this item and when I got it it did not work and the battery section did not turn like it said so I returned and got a replacement and had the same issue . I called the company and they are sending me a new version . Hopefully that one will work better .
 I bought this when it was on sale because my dog barks constantly . He is about 60lbs and does not have particularly long or thick fur . He did not react at all to this collar . We followed the instructions and made sure that it was functioning , but it had no effect .
 I had purchased a bark control training system before and it was the same type as model as the the one I just bought PBC-302THEY HAVE CHANGED THE BUCKLE AND IT DOES NOT WORK CORRECTLY THEY NEED TO GO BACK TO THERE ORIGNAL BUCKLE . -LRB- IT KEEPS COMING OFF OF MY DOG NECK -RRB-
 this product is useless - it promised to get my dog to stop barking . he 's been wearing it for 2 months and he is still barking - i 've tried replacing the battery twice , but nothing helps . the signal is obviously not strong enough yet there is no way to adjust the signal to make it stronger . and then just yesterday the plastic latch broke so i ca n't even use it at all unti i replace the latch , which i do n't think i 'm even going to bother to do
 this model does n't work as the previous model of same manufacturer ; in fact , I was able to fix the old collar and put this new one aside . Maybe it is size of the dog ; my german shephard is 110 # and does n't feel the effect of this collar .
 I purchased this product from another retailer . It lasted maybe 2 months . While it worked it did a good job but did not hold up .
 After about 4 months experience with this product , here 's my impressions ... I purchased this collar as a training aid to help break one of our two small dogs of her persistent `` yappy '' barking habit . I emphasize `` aid '' as , unfortunately , there is no easy one-size-fits-all solution to addressing any animal behavioral issue . Any anti-bark device may only work as part of a training routine that can potentially require a aignificant amount of time and effort on the owner 's part.My experience with the PetSafe began poorly . I received the item with a dead battery . It is unique to PetSafe products and is only available from limited places -LRB- online and some pet stores , so do n't expect to run to your local big-box retailer and find these -RRB- . The proprietary battery is supposedly used to improve water resistance and ruggedness
 This collar worked for about 4 months and then stopped working . Fortunately I still have the original packing and proof of purchase . However , the Pet Smart Store would not give me an exchange or refund my money for the defective collar . They said I had to contact the manufacture , Radio Systems . After a lengthy phone conversation with Radio Systems customer service , they agreed to send me a new color for $ 18.00 and I promised to send the defective collar back to them . RS will not refund the cost to ship their defective product back to them . The cost to send the defective collar back is my cost.Radio Systems charged me $ 40 not $ 18 for the replacement collar . So now I have to have another long conversation to get my refund . I am not happy with the product , and not happy with their warranty service . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this collar for my dog because I just moved into a house with 5 people and he keeps barking at them ! I put it on him for the first time and took him outside to try it out . He started barking at my neighbor and nothing happened . He barked about five times and then all of a sudden he cried and jumped straight into the air . I guess it had worked . However , that 's the ONLY time ! I have had it on him for a week and he will start barking and I will wait for the collar to work , and eventually have to quiet him myself since I do n't want him to continue annoying people.I contacted Amazon to return the product since this was a COMPLETE waste of money , and they wo n't let me since I opened the packaging !!! I am going to continue in my fight , but I wanted to warn you to NOT BUY THIS COLLAR !!!
 I 've had this collar for a while now ... maybe a year or so , no more than two years . I thought that it had been working okay . It was certainly stopping her from barking most of the time -LRB- she 's very territorial and barks at every moving thing around -RRB- . Note that I say it only stopped her most of the time . The collar did n't pick up on every bark . Recently , however , the collar has had some serious sensor malfunctions . She 'll bark for a solid minute before she gets a correction -LRB- this is on a new battery -RRB- . More serious , however , is that she gets a correction seemingly at random . I was concerned that in the year I 've been using this collar , Bubbles never ever got the hint that barking caused the correction , and now I 'm seriously worried that it 's because of this random shocking.I wish I could take it back , but the best I can do right now is hope you read this and decided to spend a little more on a collar that you wo n't have to use forever .
 The first problem I had was that the box must stay directly over their vocal cords or it would n't work at all . It kept slipping to the side . I bought 2 of them and they ate through batteries even though there was very little barking . Then after about a year they both just stopped working .
 We had great hopes for this collar for our constantly barking boxer . It did not work at all ! The battery is fine , as we can rub it against a VERY rough surface and it will beep and work but it does not respond to our dog 's bark at all . It is no where near sensitive enough . Given the other reviews , I think it must be defective and we are contacting the company for a replacement .
 After reading a lot of positive reviews , I went with this BC-102 collar . I found one other review that said that their dogs neck was burned , but figured it must have been a fluke or an over exaggeration . We tried it on my Lab/Border collie mix -LRB- 55 lbs -RRB- , because when we are driving to the park she barks like crazy and drives us nuts . The first time we tried it , she barked about 3 times before she started crying . My wife looked at her neck and found a Quarter sized burn on her neck . All the hair was burned off and the skin was blistered . I tried it on my hand and the lowest shock gave me a blister.I called their customer support and they told me that there is no way it could do that . So basically , they are telling me that I 'm lying ? They said maybe your dog is allergic to metal . I do n't think an allergy would burn off hair and blister the skin !!! I sent the collar and large pictures to their customer service for testing and a refund . It was delivered to them more than 2 weeks ago and I have n't heard a peep out of them.I would not buy another product from `` Pet Safe '' .
 I would like to warn those who would like to buy this collar . I bought the collar brand new , and was warned by others about the longevity of the battery . I wanted to prove the reviewers wrong . . but guess what , I was the one who came out as a loser . I lost over $ 40 dollars on this collar . THE REASON
 We bought one of these to curb the barking of our 45 pound Pharaoh Hound . It works on the barking . Unfortunately , it also goes off when he 's playing , etc. . Now , he wo n't even touch some of his favorite toys . We need to stop the barking , but not at the expense of destroying our dog 's personality . So , this item is going back .
 I would give this product -LRB- PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark Collar -RRB- no stars . It should be given five thumbs down . I have read a lot of negative reviews on several of these collars , and out of them all , this one was rated the highest so I thought I would give it a try.I would say that it definitely works , but not the way it should . The first time that it went off my heart broke . My dog let out a loud yelp and flew into the house and proceeded to find the most secure hiding place that he could . He would n't move for hours . He just sat there shaking and looking sad . I figured that maybe he just had to get used to it and I should give it a few more days.The collar it a little too sensitive and goes off when it should not . It went off went he was sitting in the living room and the front door was slammed . It even goes off when he shakes his head vigorously from side to side . So now , he thinks twice when he goes to shake his head.I 've been using this collar on my dog for four days , and this morning was the last straw . Since my dog is now afraid to go outside , I carried him out side to do his business . He immediately went and hid under the patio table . I left him alone for a few minutes and I came back and he was gone . After a few minutes turning everything in the back yard over , I found him shacking violently under our large aloe vera plant.I definitely would not recommend this product . My once rambunctiously energetic happy MinPin has turned into a scared little mouse who has n't eaten since I put the collar on him . Please do not put your dog through this . This product is cruel .
 I bought this and when recieved it worked great . The dogs reacted well and did n't bark . We only used it when necessary and I even ordered more batteries for it . It has now been less than a year and it no longer works . At first I thought it was the battery so I replaced the battery and nothing . I would not buy this item again and would not tell anyone I know to purchase it .
 My dog is always barking due to the fact that a neighbors dog keeps coming to the fence agging it on and barking at him . I got this bark collar to hopefully curb the behavior but unfortunately it only helped for about the first 2 hours . Now it has NO EFFECT on stopping the barking AND did not curb his habit of howling for literally 3 minutes solid at times in the night . On the first use you could see him sort of jump a little when he got shocked more and more as he barked , but as I said after a few times and a couple hours later you could hear the collar beep and see a slight response from the dog that he was getting the electrostatic hit ; however he just ignored it and kept barking at the other dog . I even tried tieing in verbal no 's and stern voice w/the shocking but still no result ; just keeps barking . I have now tried for almost 2 months to curb the barking w/this collar but it has failed miserably to help me . I 'm hoping the collar has a warranty because I will be trying to contact them for a return credit since it 's past the return time for amazon policy .
 this collar does not hold up to the standards that it claims . it does not work at all . my dog is a medium size beagle and it has no effect on it at all . total waste of money
 Bought this for my young husky . I do n't know if her fur was too long or what but she could bark and whine 90 % of the time with out it going off . It worked properly about 4 % of the time and the remaining 6 % it would go off if she was running or playing . Completly unhappy with this product . I would not recommend this to anybody .
 I recommend you spend the extra money and get the model with adjustable settings . I had that one for years , but replaced it with this one - not nearly as effective
 ... Or you 'll spend extra money LATER on batteries for this one.We bought two of these for our two dogs and have had them for about 6-9 months . We have to replace the batteries about once every TWO WEEKS in order to keep them working . We 've found that we can extend the battery life by not only turning them off when the dogs are not wearing them , but also by removing the batteries . However , that has resulted in a few lost batteries - and really - SHOULD N'T be necessary.At $ 8 for two batteries -LRB- full retail , from your local pet store IF they have them in stock -RRB- , we finally just stopped replacing the batteries because it would have cost more to keep the collar working than to buy a new one.There are some people who might find their dogs trained after a week or two of using a bark collar , and so wont have to keep using the collar and replacing the batteries - but that was not us . Our dogs were smart enough to realize if they just waited long enough the batteries would die . It is a poor and inconsistent training product and has elongated the barking issue.Waste of money .
 Sadly the collar does n't work . This is the 2nd one of the same model we have tried because it was suggested that the first maybe was malfunctioning . We have even spoken with the manufacturer themselves who , while are very pleasant and helpful , the collar just is not . If you have a dog who really has a barking problem , I would recommend getting a bark-control system that is NOT progressive in it 's correction methods like this one .
 This did nothing to stop my dog from barking . I adjusted it , checked batteries , and nothing . Do yourself a favor and buy a more expensive one .
 I like the features BUT
 This collar never worked . I thought it might be the batteries , so I spent $ 10.00 on a new one - still did n't work . We ended up getting an innotek - and that worked perfectly right out of the box . Would n't waste the money on this unit .
 I bought this item about a year ago for my dog when she was young and liked to bark when left alone . During the first few uses , it seemed effective , and the dog quickly learned not to bark . Now , with additional of another dog , she has started barking again along with the new dog . I went back to this collar , replaced the batteries , and tested it to make sure the vibration sensor still worked . Unfortunately , it 's now so insensitive to vibration that the dogs can not trigger it . I 'm not exactly sure how the product went defective since it was in a well isolated drawer space during its down time , but the long short of the story is that I 'm now back looking for a better quality substitute for this device a year later , even though the device was rarely used .
 The amount of vibration needed to cause the collar to `` correct '' your dog is set too high . The instruction manual tells you to rub it along carpet to see if it 's working properly . In order to get it to work I had to do this excessively . I could n't see how that much friction to get it to go off would be anything close to a dogs bark . Good idea in theory to rely on vibration rather than sound , but without a way to change the sensitivity this would probably only work for large dogs . Long story short , 90 % of the time it never worked . BIG waste of money .
 Unfortunately when I received the collar it was not functional . After talking to customer support I went and bought a new package of batteries with still no luck . Customer support at Petsafe then sent me a new collar , which was in working condition free of charge . Still unsure what was faulty with the first one , it was not beeping when ran across a rough surface .
 Even though the other recommendations for this product that I checked before I purchased it were OK , I found the product to be completely useless . I followed the directions exactly , tried their trouble-shooting suggestions , and verified that it was working by testing it according to the directions . Tried it on two dogs with barking problems , one large and one smaller -LRB- 93 # lab and a 28 # Corgi mix -RRB- , it did n't phase either one of them . Total waste of $ 40 .
 I use this on my 6 pound yorkie and it fits okay but it does n't go off when he barks all the time . It 's only gone off 3 or 4 times that I 've seen . I 'm not sure if my dog 's bark is n't deep enough or it just does n't work . He knows that it shocks him and when he has it on he is a little quieter , but I wish it went off every time he barked , not just once in a while because he is afraid of the collar and I do n't think he associates it with barking .
 I had tried a petsafe sonic collar with minimal success . This one , the Petsafe PBC 102 no bark collar seemed to be a step beyond the sonic collar with no ill effects . Tell that to my three year old dog . Yesterday the collar moved to the highest level -LRB- it appeared -RRB- causing her to yelp loudly for 10-15 seconds and because she did n't know what was causing the pain , she attacked our other dog !! NEVER again will I trust Persafes descriptions of their products . NEVER again will I subject any animal to their `` static vibration '' . I would not recommend this or any Petsafe product to anyone . I am really floored that something which promised such great results physically hurt my dog as badly as it did .
 I purchased 2 for our 2 pets . I was afraid to use them once I thoroughly read all the instructions . Therefore , I have wasted a great deal of money .
 I spoke to a number of people in person and looked online extensively before I bought the collar . Concerned it was too harsh , I was reassured it is a mild corrective . That was completely untrue . After two bark shocks , our dog retreated into a shell . He wore the collar a total of five minutes and I will regret those five minutes the rest of my life . DO NOT USE these collars . He did n't bark for a week and also lost a great deal of his energy and enjoyment . Before this collar he would chase and retrieve balls , giving an excited bark at the beginning . He gave up completely after associating his excitement bark with pain . These products should be banned .
 I tried this on one of our dogs who understood after a couple times how it works . When it first shocked her she yiped and ran around for a minute freaking out and making it worse . The longer the dog barks or cries the more shock power they get . I just adjusted this for our other dog last night and put it on him . As soon as he barked it shocked him but as he kept crying over the shocking pain the shocker got more intense and my poor dog was running away from us jumping around , shaking , crying over the pain . My husband while trying to take it off felt the shocker at this level and it was horrible . It took about 4 minutes of this crying/screaming and fighting while my husband tried to get the collar off because my dog was freaked out so much . My dog ended up with a terrible nose bleed over the whole thing and there was blood all over my upstairs because I could n't calm him down . He stayed in a corner of our bedroom for the rest of the afternoon and would n't move he was so frightened.I guess for some dogs this is a good remedy for barking but others it is scary and very very painful . Definately not worth the money , especially to see your beloved pet go through that trama and pain .
 Received the collar 04-10-12 good on the delivery took 3 days . Now for the truth on this device . I bought this device bc my pitbull always barks constantly at my job so I figured I will use it here to try to correct his unwanted barking behavior.04-12-12 . I put the collar on my dog at my job and the device was only ON 20 minutes one of my co workers rings the bell and my dog starts barking loud and yes the collar did shock him . He started yelping like a cry and shaking like crazy . Five minutes passed and he 's still shaking . I took the collar off his neck only to notice not one but Three burn marks on my dog . Now Im taking off work to take my dog to the vet . -LRB- I DO NOT -RRB- recommend this collar , If I knew how to post pictures up of my dog neck I would . I will go back to basic training and positive reinforcement .
 I bought this product because Shamus tends to bark at inappropriate times and can be very irritating . Unfortunately this products did n't help at all ! This is the first products that I have purchased from Amazon that I have been disappointed in .
 Ca n't rate the item because I never received the item . After paying that price and not getting the item I am not happy .
 I used it one time and after I toked it off my dog will never let me put that thing back on her .
 I have two dogs , and I got one of these collars , first they were a little surprise and stop a little , , now I have to hear the beep plus the barking , it beeps if they jump , it beeps , if they run , I was watching them play with out barking and I hear the beeeeeep , I feeli sorry for them , i do n't use it any more and I have to take of the battery because I hear it beeping were ever it is
 I returned this item for two main reasons :1 . Dog can only wear anti-bark collar alone , you must remove regular collar . In doing so you remove all ID tags . Not good .2 . If you dog is furry it does not work , and you have to shave their neck where the collar connects . I do n't THINK SO!Perhaps if you have a dog without long fur and you do n't mind them going without any dog tags , then go for it.I wo n't be using it on my precious pup ~
 This product left open wounds on my medium sized Jack Russell 's neck . This is an inhumane product that has caused her pain and a possible infection .
 I bought this product for my year old newfoundland mix who tends to bark and any noise coming from outside the house . Unfortunately , this product only worked on one of ten barks or so . Her deepest barks will trigger the shock , but anything with the consistency of a yip gets missed . Instead of associating the shock with the barking , she just looks at the floor and continues to bark . This product worked better on the short haired dog at our house , but for her thick dense coat , this did n't do the job .
 I bought this product and it worked intermittently for 2 days , then it just completely stopped working at all . I tossed it in the trash . My dog still barks whenever someone walks by the fence . Do n't buy this brand . It is too unreliable . I wish that I had looked at the reviews before purchacing . Others have had similar problems .
 I bought this for my dachund/cavalier king charles mix . She is 5 months old and she has a really annoying high pitched bark and she just never stopped so we had to do something . We bought this because it goes up higher if she continues barking , every bark would be a higher shock - 6 levels of this . Basically , we put it on her and the first bark she didnt notice it at all , she barked again and it made her yell -LRB- possibly she was startled -RRB- but what happened afterwards , I will NEVER forget . So here 's the story ... Lacey barked , that made level one shock go off , she didnt notice that and she barked again , causing level 2 shock to go off . Level two was such a big difference it made her yelp - sadly the yelp from shock two caused shock level 3 to go off , causing her to scream in pain , which then caused level 4 to go off . By this time , she is so panicked she is shaking and just screaming a scream that sounded so terrible -LRB- ive never heard anything like it-human or animal -RRB- and thus level 5 and then level 6 goes off . Now , mind you , I rescued this dog from a shelter and I didnt totally trust her yet but I ran over and was fighting to get this stupid thing off of her -LRB- which was a hassle considering she thought she was being attacked -RRB- and I was afraid she was going to bite me because she keeps getting shocks at level 6 . I got it off and she is shaking so bad , she climbs into my lap and she was completely silent all night long . She was traumatized . I decided to test it on myself ... I got it to the first level-barely noticeable . Then , I hit the second level and it hurt ! I started crying because I realized if level two was bad , then level 6 mustve been awful . DONT BUY THIS !!!!! She got punished for screaming in pain , one level after another ... DO NOT BUY !!!!
 This product worked fine for about 3 mos then when kapoof . I replaced the batteries however that is not the problem . I am looking for a higher quality collar at the present time . The dog hair must be shaved on the contact area of the neck in order for this to work at all . Good Luck .
 I ordered this last week to reduce my dog 's nuisance barking . Before applying it to my pup , i decided to try it on myself . I almost dropped the thing because the shock was so strong , it was the equivalent of touching an electric socket . Returning this abusive collar asap .
 i have a small dog with a high pitch bark , the unit NEVER works on the dog , and only works if you rub the contact points across the carpet , i dont see how any dogs barking could set this thing off , a remote controll zapper would work much better
 This stopped working after a year . Company wanted $ 40.00 to repair it . Might as well buy from a different company for that much.We used it normally so work stoppage was not our fault .
 I was disappointed that this producd din not work at all . My dog kept barking and barking and nothing would happen . . Also the collar always loosened
 I have two dogs that love barking and are in a 10X10 enclosure when I 'm at work . I bought these collars after my neighbors complained they barked while I was gone ... they lasted 3 days ... My dogs hated them and decided to tear them off of each other ... I 'm now out $ 100 and they are still barking ... : -LRB-
 The collar is to heavy to stay in place -LRB- no matter how tight -RRB- on my dog . It only works 1 out of 5 barks and he did n't stop barking . However , the company is AWESOME . I called them and they sent me a replacement collar immediately . Unfortunately the 2nd collar worked only as good as the first one . I can see if it fit his neck better that it would work . It just does n't work on my dog .
 I purchased this product to help curb my very energetic pup and her excessive barking . I followed all instructions but the collar was completely ignored by her barking . She gave no indication of any response of the collar . A complete waste of time and money .
 I had a Petsafe dog collar for years , but the PETSAFE Batteries were made in 2006 and began to last shorter and shorter time . Those I am being sold today in 2011 are STILL PETSAFE Batteries manufactured 2006 in China . -LRB- 5 Year old batteries that will not work over a couple of days , -RRB- I purchased this new collar expecting a NEW BATTERY with it -- Silly Me !!!! The EXTRA batteries Amazon offered from MYBATTERYSUPPLIER through AMAZON came today , and -- You 're right , WHEN WERE THEY MADE ??? Same thing . Made 2006 in China , under the PetSafe logo . Will they work ?? Well , I 'm going to try these out a few more days -- Eternal optimist that I am -- But I expect I 'll be returning both Collar & Batteries soon , the way this deal is going -- . I fell really let down because the collar advertised has new features that I would really appreciate .
 We bought this PetSafe no-bark collar in Jan 2011 and received it in Feb 2011 . We have so far gone through 5 batteries and it still does not stop our shepard from barking . I have taken it to Petco and they tell me they really do n't work on all dogs or it could be defective because they have had some returned for the same reason I writting about it.So unhappy with this product ! I wish I would of researched it more befor spending the money.hotrodgal ...
 Have an 80lb weimaraner that continued to bark with the collar on . Probably good for small breed dogs but would caution with large breeds .
 We have a thick-haired Siberian Husky.We will need to cut her hair because the sensoris not capable of making contact with her sense of touch.This was a Christmas gift .
 PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark CollarADVERTIZED AS GENTLE PERSASIONS WHEN DOG BARKS , WILL NOT HURT OR HARM ANIMAL . WHEN RECEIVED OPENED HARD PKG AND FOLLOWED DIRECTIONS , CUT THE COLLAR DOWN TO SIZE FOR SMALL DOG . -LRB- 20 LBS -RRB- . ATTEMPTED SEVERAL TIMES TO USE , EACH TIME , MY DOG WAS SHOCKED SEVERELY , SCREAMING IN PAIN AND TERROR , LEFT THE COLLAR ON AS DIRECTED AND LISTEN TO HER SCREAM FOR A A MAX TIME OF 5 MIN EACH TIME . EMAILED CO TO REQUEST RETURN PROCEDURE FOR REFUND . AFTER SEVERAL REQ CO REPLIED IN ORDER TO RECEIVE REFUND COLLAR AND PACKAGE -LRB- MUST BE IN KNEW CONDITION ! -RRB- WITH HARD PLASTIC PKG BEING CUT OPEN AND COLLAR CUT TO SIZE AS DIRECTED THESE CONDITIONS ARE IMPOSSIBLE TO MEET , SO I GUESS I 'M OUT OVER$ 40 . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT OR COMPANY TO ANYONE . TOTALLY UNSATISFACTORY PRODUCT AND SERVICE .
 Before you put this on your pet , give it a try . Touch both sensors and rub the middle black bar on a rough surface . OUCH . Maybe for a large long hair breed this would n't be completely awful , but for a small dog or short hair breed , this would straight up hurt . My hand is still not right 30 minutes after trying it myself . Taking it back ASAP .
 Purchased this item from Amazon . The item passes its troubleshooting check -LRB- making a tone when its terminals are passed over a rough surface per the manual -RRB- , but does not issue any shock to the dog . To verify , I bought additional batteries , with the same outcome.This product is defective .
 I normally do not rate products , but I am compelled to do so because I am disgusted beyond belief at what this did to my dog . We noticed some wetness around her neck and found a HUGE wound under the collar where the contacts touch her skin . We had to clip away her hair and treat her burn . TERRIBLE ! As much as the silence of a non-excessive barking dog seems great , the thought of what it did to her just makes me sick to my stomach . :-LRB- Do n't buy this product . IT IS NOT SAFE ! My daughter and I were in tears when we saw what our poor dog had to suffer . I would much rather have her bark than put her through that type of injury .
 Australian Customs confiscated this as a prohibited product , deemed as animal cruelty . I was surprised as someone in the ratings reviews said it was only a mild buzz that it gave out on the person 's skin , as he had tested it . So if you live in Australia , do n't buy this product . My daughter in USA had recommended it as working on one of her 2 dogs , but when she mailed it to me in Australia , of course , it never reached me , -LRB- so much for `` Pet Safe '' . -RRB- You would be far better off putting your money on the gee-gees ... -LRB- horses -RRB- !
 After reading about the effectiveness of this product and the ability for small dogs to wear it , we ordered it . However , after we received it in the mail we found that it did not not fit on either one of our dogs .
 I bought this for my dog and used it for a couple days and the batteries wore out really fast ! and After a couple days my dog was n't even barking that much . I was not impressed with this unit .
 This collar does not work as I expected . Battery wears down quickly and to replace it you have to buy a special replacement from petsafe .
 This product does not work . I 've tried multiple batteries and the best I could get was that my dog would get a continual shock ! Basically torturing my little dog . I then tried it on a pit bull thinking my little dog was just to sensitive , but the pit bull also instantly started cowering and wineing . This is not a product that should be used on any animal . This is not just an opinion but a fact . I understand having one or two in a bad batch but I read further reviews back and it seems this often happens after a longer period of use . And if your not home your dog could be damaged or even killed by the continual stress of the continuing shock . Unless you can monitor the collar at all times to make sure it does n't have a `` glitch '' it is irresponsible to put this on any pet . Go ahead try it on your self , if you dare .
 Bought two of these . . only lasted a cupple weeks ... . Definitely not safe , it seemed to have burned my dog . They need to make one that is 100 % safe ... . This item is Not safe do n't buy it unless u wan na risk burning a scar onto your pup
 My father bought this product for their 11 year old adopted beagle/hound mix . The collar definitely shocks when she barks , so it does work - HOWEVER , it only senses the vibrations on the throat , not an actual bark . So after the dog barked , it shocked her so she whimpered and it shocked her again stronger so she cried again and it was just an awful , horrible circle until I was able to take it off her . It also will shock if the dog just sneezes . I understand that sometimes with heavy barkers , they need to be helped and trained not to bark as often as they do , but this is certainly not a helper . The collar is now in the garbage and I will be buying them the spraying one instead . And just a side thought , if it was as harmless of a shock as it says , most things do n't cry or whimper unless their being hurt .
 One star is too high of a rating for this.This thing worked once when I first got it . I figured I needed to cut my dog 's hair . I cut the dog 's hair and it worked once . By this time a month or two had passed and I could n't return it.I replaced the battery and that did nothing . I am stuck with this $ 40.00 piece of junk .
 It did n't even work !!!! We even bought 2 more battery 's at $ 12.00 a pop and none worked ! So basically we spent $ 75 on nothing ! Do n't buy it ! It 's junk !
 Bad out of the box . It is probably the battery , but now I must order one of those -LRB- the one with it should have worked for `` some '' period of time -RRB- and spend more money to see if it will work . This is not what should be expected .
 This product is a shock collar , plain and simple . Put it up to your neck , make a barking noise and you get a jolt , certainly not a static shock as they claim . That was their marketing department . I called the company about their claim to be able to lower the shock amount and was told go to radio shack and they will have a resister . I went to radio shack and they laughed . It is one piece plastic and the idea of soldering a resister in is foolish . While the product works , the comanies lack of honesty makes me give an overall D - . Do n't let their false marketing sell you . If you want a shock collar purchase it from an honest company .
 This collar works , but in my case my dog , a medium size dog , was terrified the first 3 days , that really hurts if you charge it complete . I discharge the product every time that I take it off from my dog , I just used this collar for 3 days and she changes a lot ! , no bakrs anymore ! But I recommend first try to used the cytronela collar and other products that Not Hurts too much your dog , and if not result then used this , BUT NOT IN SMALL DOGS ... I try on me and JESUSCRIST ! it hurts a lot ! Then I decided to put tape on one of the irons things and discharged the product before I put it on my dog and IN THAT WAY that doesnt hurts too much , because she dont scream , jump and cry , she just feel the prick in one of the sides and stop barking and look at me like what happend!I just used it 3 days at the beginning and then I stop it because it works , then like a month after I just show her the collar when she began to bark like a recordatory and she look it and run and stop barking and be a good girl.Other thing is that she was terrified at the beginning because she feel the prick on the yard , so she was afraid to go out to do her business and also to the front door , but then she realize what is going on and she totally forgot.Dont put the collar to your dog if he or she is going to be alone.PD
 The product did n't work at all . Plus , even if it did , I would n't have liked the concept ... it 's not the dog 's bark that signals the collar to work , it 's just movement . Which would mean that every time the dog moved , it could potentially punish the dog for it 's movement , and not just the bark .
 Chose product because my daughter had had good results using it on her toy poodle . However , did not work out for my toy poodle . First and only time I used it , I thought I was going to kill him ! He barked and then started screaming -LRB- yes , screaming -RRB- and running around like he was possessed . He bit two of us as we tried getting it off of him . Probably should have used the remote control style collar instead .
 I bought two collars . One of the collars quit working after one week . I was able to return to Amazon for a refund . Both of my dogs continued to bark even with the collars on .
 We have a VERY barky rat terrier . He goes absolutely bonkers for any squirrel or dove / bird in the yard or in the trees around the yard . He will literally bark for like an hour incessantly if we let him . We got these collars at PetSmart and they are super effective until they BREAK . And they definitely break . We have been thru 2 in 3 years . They stopped working after about 6 months and we have just been using wishful thinking that they will start working again after much tinkering and battery changing . Also , the other reviewers who mention battery usage are right . These collars EAT batteries up and they are a total rip off since they make them so that you have to buy their brand . We had hoped that just having the collar on would be a deterrent , but our little guy is smart and figured out that he can bark to his heart 's content when the battery is dead and also learned how to drain it . Since it has six progressive levels , he would sit and bark four times and let it reset then bark four more and let it reset ... you get the idea . If you have a smart dog do n't buy this collar . We are moving on to something else .
 This collar did nothing to stop my dog from barking . I even tried changing batteries and it still did not work . My dog ignored it . I eventually bought a PetSafe PDBC-300 with the push button adjustments , which was similar to the old dial type that wore out that I was replacing and it is working fine .
 Read the small print . You must buy replacement batteries from PetSafe . You can not simply buy a battery and replace it . You need the battery holder that has the battery enclosed in it !
 This product will do the job , but you have to buy Petsafe specific batteries , which are expensive and do not last long . I have been buying the batteries from the pet store and sometimes they do n't even last a week ! If I was n't out of the full refund return window , I 'd be returning this product .
 I bought this thinking it would be good to quiet down our Westie . Before trying it on her , I put one thumb on each lead and activated it and SZZZZZT OUCH ! I could never inflict such pain on our little girl . I returned it -LRB- and thank you Amazon for paying return shipping -RRB- .
 I bought this for my poodle having used one with another dog with success and reading the bad reviews about the one for little dogs . REALLY bad idea - even though the directions say for 8 lbs and up , a 15 lb poodle is not big enough . She totally freaked out and would n't stop barking , which meant the collar did n't stop either . I finally got it off her and sent it back immediately . For bigger dogs , in my experience the collar has worked well but I would n't recommend this for a dog under at least 20 lbs , maybe 30 . I ended up using Rescue Remedy , an herbal formula that you put on food and a pheromone diffuser with great success that cured her barking when we were gone .
 I purchased 2 automatic zap collars , 1 for each dog . 1 collar seemed to work ok , but the other was overly sensitive and activated when my dog was not barking . It really frightened the poor thing so much that she would n't move the entire day ; not even to come over for a treat . So I returned the collars , and to Amazons credit , they did give me a full refund . I think I may try the remote collars next time .
 Got this for my miniature dachshund who tends to bark like crazy . Thought this might be a good solution , since I have tried many types of training and such . The vet actually recommended one , so I decided to try it . I used the product twice before I returned it . The first time he had it on he barked a few times before it even when off , then a small yelp followed . He barked again and got shocked so severely he freaked out and started going nuts barking and yelping in pain . Same result the second time around . I immediately returned this product . I do not recommend this for small dogs at all and am very disappointed in the product . Half the time it did go off -LRB- unless he barked very loud -RRB- and when it did go off it hurt my dog and made him go nuts . And yes I followed all the fitting instructions given . Not highly recommended .
 This was bought for a chihuahua . The biggest problem with the anti bark collar was that it went off all the time unpredictably . If we drove over rumble strips it usually went off . It went off when the car door was shut , when Pablo shook himself , sometimes - but not always - when he barked -LRB- ! -RRB- and sometimes for no reason that anyone could figure out . It had a high pitched sound which we could hear all the time however low we set it . In the end Pablo himself seemed to ignore it .
 I followed the directions and it simply did n't work . It states
 This worked effectively for about an hour . Then when our dog started barking again , the red warning light did n't even come on . We tightened the collar , followed the instructions in the trouble-shooting guide , and even rushed out to purchase a new replacement battery -LRB- for a product that had been opened that day fyi - the battery should n't need replacement -RRB- . Still , nothing . How can a brand new device crap out after only an hour of use ??? I 'm returning this immediately .
 I ordered this product and it did not come with the battery as promised . Now , not only did I have to pay 7 dollars to order a battery , but have to wait even longer to use the product . The misrepresentation is explicit and I would have thought Petsafe would be more concerned about customer satisfaction .
 Have used e-collars with great success for training dogs - please , no whining from the positive reinforcement only camp . My go-to brand is Tri-Tronics products - very sturdy and good service if something breaks , which is rare.Pet-Safe No-Bark Collar worked very well but DID NOT LAST VERY LONG . Do n't know if mine was a lemon , or if others have had this problem .
 When I got the collar it was completely taped up with scotch tape . Second time I put it on the little 10lb dog the battery and back had fallen off ... what a waste of money.SENT IT BACK ...
 I bought this collar for my short-haired , 40-lb dog . It worked twice , and has not worked since . The collar itself is very narrow , and lightweight , so it is difficult to keep the device positioned properly on the dog 's neck . We have tested it , per the instructions , and it says it is working -LRB- the light flashes and it emits a beep -RRB- but it does nothing when on the dog . The first two times , we saw the light flash , and heard the beep , when the dog barked , but not since then . We have tried tightening it , but if we adjust it so it is any tighter , the dog wo n't be able to breathe . We loosened it , and it moved out of position on her neck when she got into her bed . Not sure what the problem is , but the collar is going back to the store !
 I bought this from Amazon for my 8lb poodle . When I received it I did not open the package as the transmitter appeared larger than the stated size . Upon measuring it , I found that it was larger than stated . It just looked too large for my dogs neck so I returned it . Amazon is easy to work with on returns luckily so that was not an issues . I would not attempt to buy one of these online again unless I had seen that model in person .
 I was very anxious to get this bark collar when I purchased it . I run a business out of my home and my beagle goes from 0 to 10 in no time . I tried spraying him with a water bottle but he gets to the point where he is so focused on who is walking up to my house nothing else matters . It was also hard to train my dog because I have several other people living in my house with me so there was conflicts on training and follow through.The bark collar worked excellent for the time it worked properly . My dog figured it out fast it has a warning beep and then shocks . Most of the time he would stop barking after it beeped . I only seen him get shocked once . He yelped and stopped barking immediately , nothing dramatic . So I thought it was a success.Why I am returning it is because the battery did n't last over the weekend and now it is dead . I did n't bother looking up replacement batteries when I bought it , but they are $ 40 . The plastic where you screw the battery on or off completely stripped because its cheap plastic . Sometimes too the collar would beep if my dog was scratching his neck . But it fit awkwardly and I was always re-adjusting it .
 PetSafe No-Bark Collar , PBC-102I have been driven crazy by my small dog barking at the kangaroos in my back paddock , so ordered a `` Bark-Stop '' collar , knowing that they work because I have used one in the past with another dog . Unfortunately , when the item arrived it did not work ! I also had extreme difficulty opening the battery compartment . I will give Amazon FULL MARKS for their prompt offer to send me a replacement and telling me not to bother returning the faulty product due to the high cost of overseas postage . The replacement arrived promptly , but regretably , it too was faulty ! At least there were some signs of life in this collar , but only to indicate that the battery was dying , and as the battery is an integral part of the collar , and I was unable to source a replacement in my own country , I asked Amazon if they could send me a replacement battery . They could not , advising that they do not carry replacement consumables . Once again , FULL MARKS to Amazon - they have provided me with a full credit on my purchase , and this has arrived before I have even had a chance to package up and return the faulty product !! I think the cause of these problems is that the collars are completely sealed inside hard plastic packaging , with the battery already installed . Batteries have a limited shelf-life , and who knows how long these collars have been around since they were made and had their batteries installed ? SO
 This purchase was a total waste of money . These batteries test capatable but did not work with bark collar . I have a rottie and with her loud barks the batteries didnt pick up anything to deliver a shock . Super dissapointed . Bought Pet Safe brand again and collar works great .
 I tested on a rough surface as the instructions manual indicated and everything was fine but on my dog does not work at all .
 I 've already gone through 6 batteries & today it died within 10 hours . Because it eats through batteries so fast , my dog is n't scared of it anymore .
 They do n't provide a battery and you can only buy it from their website . Not even RadioShack carries it . RIDICULOUS !!
 I guess you will need to order the batteries too , the ones that came with the collar were installed and dead . Bummer !
 My dog weighs ten pounds so he is near the lower end of the safe weight requirement for this product . My dog received his first shock , barked again and went into the bark/shock/bark / shock cascade that they talked about in the instructions manual.It was horrible , much worse than anything I could have imagined . The dog started howling , running mad around the yard , while being shocked repeatedly . I tried to catch him and remove the collar and reassure him as described in the instructions . This was impossible as it was impossible to catch him . The dog was running at full speed around and around screaming at the top of his lungs . He bit his tongue and was frothing red at the mouth . His eyes rolled back in his head and finally he hid under a building . When I finally was able to pull him out , he bit my hand down to the bone in several places before I was able to remove the collar.This was the worst experience . I regret buying this collar , would not recommend it to any one for any kind of dog unless there was no other option . I am hoping with love and kindness for my dog and antibiotics for me that we will recover from what I can only describe as a traumatic experience for both of us.Think long and hard before you purchase and use this product on your beloved animals . It was not humane , it was not kind , it was not beneficial . I wish with all my heart that I had never used this on my dog and have returned it . I gave it one star because that is the lowest possible score . Zero stars would be a better choice .
 Does not work very well . I purchased the first collar for my shepherd mix who barks like a maniac at the neighbors dog through the fence of our yards every day . I put the battery in , tested it , never got it to beep , even went to a local Pet Store for help.She gave me some new batteries , tried every thing she could to get it to work and nothing . I tried putting it on the dog and it was on good and tight just like the other reviewers say to do but still she barked nonstop . I returned it and got another , exact same one thinking maybe that one was a dud . Same thing . Never beeps when being tested , put it on the dog and nothing again . Returning today for another brand . I think this one is just not a good product . I have tried getting it to work over and over on myself but nothing I do can make it work. : -LRB-
 My Shih Tzu dog keep on barking at night . So I bought the PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark Collar to restrain it . After I received this product in mail , I used coin to turn on the battery , I slide the Sensor Probe scross my dinner table and it beeps . This product seems working.I then put the PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark Collar around the neck of my Shih Tzu dog tight enough . To my surprise , my dog keeps on non-stop barking . This product does not work for my dog.I paid $ 47.24 -LRB- include tax -RRB- and get nothing but upset . I do not know how to do about this useless product .
 We had our beagle wearing it full-time until we discovered the sores on her neck . It worked mostly - sometimes she would bark for a whole minute or two and THEN get shocked.In order to give the sores some time to heal , we decided to put it on her only during neighborhood quiet hours -LRB- we both work the midnight shift -RRB- . Well , she 's not stupid and quickly discovered that she could bark all she wanted as long as she was n't wearing the collar -LRB- which was during the day , when shift-workers are trying to sleep -RRB- . I would n't recommend it , unless you 're into hearing your dog scream in pain while electrical contacts drill into her neck . Not to mention that by the looks of it , the dog would have to wear it forever , which in my mind is unacceptable as a training method . If you do buy this product , make sure you try it out on yourself first .
 `` PetSafe '' goes out of its way to avoid calling this collar what it is
 I used this on my spaniel mix . I used the lowest setting . We were outside and my dog barked and she literally leaped off the ground and she yelped and yelped . I was in shock over how strong a reaction she had . I was pretty much horrified . I took the collar off and brought my dog into the house . she ran under the table shaking and petrified . It took her around 2 or 3 hours for her to begin to be herself again . I felt terrible that I had inflicted that kind of trauma upon her . I decided to try the shock on me which I should have done in the first place . It made me really jump and say OW ! It is not fun . What a barbaric and horrible product.I took it back to the pet store and exchanged for the Petsmart citronella spray bark collar . The citronella spray collar is far more humane and it works for the barking.I have been training my dog in other areas and she is doing well but I could do with some help and I am considering getting a collar that has the vibration only option . NO SHOCK . I would never use shock again .
 At first I thought this was a great product , but my 18-lb . dog was being rambunctious one night , so I put it on him while he was in his cage . He was quiet , but then started whining . I thought he was just being a brat , so I left it on . I decided he had enough and took it off , and there was a huge brown -LRB- he is white -RRB- spot on his neck . His fur had been BURNT . He was incredibly scared and yelped if I even put my hand near his neck . He had been burned all the way to his skin . He now has to have ointment and take medicine.I called the company and they said that their product did n't do this , it must have been something else . What else could it have been ?! He was in his cage with his blanket . They refuse to refund me .
 I wish I had read the negative reviews before I bought this collar . We have a rhodesian ridgeback that is a well-behaved dog , except that she chases squirrels , rabbits , etc and barks like a lunatic while she 's doing it . For years , we 've used a shake can to remind her to stop or have called her back into the house , but she was starting to ignore us AND was starting to bark insanely while she is IN the house . So , we bought this shock collar . She barked one time -- one single bark -- and almost tore the through the screen door trying to get back into the house . When one of my kids opened our front door , she dashed outside , ran around the front of the house and jumped into the front seat of my husband 's diesel truck , which was running at the time and probably caused her to get shocked non-stop . We took the collar off of her and she spent the next 12 hours or so hiding in our bedroom . The next morning she was back to normal , so before I let her out for the morning I put the collar back on her . She immediately refused to go outside and started cowering again . We did n't use the collar for several days after that because she would go outside and chase things without making a peep . Last night she started barking again , so I put the collar on her -- accidentally upside-down -- and then we could see the indicator light was coming on non-stop even though she was n't doing anything but whimpering and scratching at the screen door , trying to get back in ! I took the collar off of her and rubbed the prongs across our ceramic tile and found that it took almost no vibration to set it off . Apparently there is a problem with this collar shocking non-stop , and it must be fairly strong . Our dog is not a physically sensitive dog , and she 's been emotionally resilient . It 's horrifying to think what this collar would do to a smaller dog or a breed that is very physically or emotionally sensitive.I would not recommend this collar . If you already have one that you 're using , put it on the dog upside down so that you can see the indicator light and make sure it 's not torturing your dog !
 We recived this and it did n't work . The battery in the new unit was n't any good . It took over 10 minutes to get someone from customer service at this company on the line . They sent me two new batteries and neither one of them worked . Had to return it .
 We followed the instructions to a T , but our dog barks as if she has no collar at all . In face , there is never a moment when she is quiet enough for us to reward her for not barking . We could wake her up while she sleeps , but she would n't know what we were doing .
 Product decription indicated `` perfect for toy or small breeds '' , Just make sure your `` toy or small breed '' is over 8lbs as per warrning message on packaging . Our little toy breed is 4 lbs , had to send back .
 I have to share this . My girlfriend and I bought a collar similar to this one at Walmart . It worked great . Our little Cairn Terrier was very quiet while wearing it . The problem was the prongs embedding themselves into his flesh . We checked it to make sure it was on just right , not tight . But we also have a small Chihuahua mix who we think tugging on it during play making it tighter . His skin got really infected and it required surgery . Our dog is a brat , he still barks up a storm , but we found a solution . A mesh muzzle we found at Petsmart . We first bought it according to the size chart on the back of the packaging but it is best to try it on your pet , keep your receipt in case it fits too tight . The best part is that we paid only 9.99 for it . We put it on him at night , which is when he barks at possums , mice , and anything that moves . Do n't buy a shock collar , try the muzzle first .
 Although the unit responded to `` test '' off the dog , did not work on the dog . Followed directions to properly tighten , but never responded despite several tries . Sent unit back within narrow time frame . Amazon responded promptly and satisfactorily .
 I sent this back 3 times because tt would n't work for more than a few h ours - - I also ordered the batteries they sold with the product - - and they were not the correct ones -LRB- there is no return with the batteries -RRB- . I never got to actually use the product , because it actually never worked , even after the 3rd replacement ! The citronella collar worked well for a year , but then also quit !
 Does not stop my Pitt from barking at all . Yelling at her not only costs less , it 's much more effective !!
 Two of three ordered never worked and the third only worked for three days . I regret this purchase and also regret wasting my money .
 When my boxer mix barked he totally freaked out , which only made him get shocked more . He was terrified afterwards .
 This device is a piece of Chinese crap . The lid that holds the batteries in is made of cheap brittle plastic . It will break on you very quickly rendering the unit usless . Please do not buy this product .
 Our dog got jumped and barked because he was scared the first time he was shocked . We could n't get him to stop . However , the company says to cut off extra collar length so the strap does n't create a vibration and shock the dog . That also made it so we could n't return the collar . Not worth the hassle !
 I bought the collar , it broke . PetSafe sent me another one , it broke . They both appeared in fine physical shape when they broke . Contacted them about a third collar , and PetSafe is choosing to ignore me . Total piece of crap .
 I bought several extra batteries thinking this would last me at least a year , maybe two . Nope . Lasted me less than a month ! I rarely put the collar on my dog for more than 1 hour and never more than 2 hours . Each time , I take it off my dog , I make sure to turn the battery to the off position . And each time , I go to turn it back on and test it , it no longer works . It is n't the batteries because I have tried several . And it is n't the way I am turning it off , because I have removed the entire battery in between wears . This is probably defective , but they want me to wait and keep trying it . Ugh !
 While my dog did not bark for the two hours that she had it on , the collars connection snap did break . I found the collar out in the yard about two hours after I initially put it on her . I would not buy from this company again .
 We did not think this product lived up to our expectations . Our dog continued to bark . We could hear the collar beep , I do n't think the correction was strong enough .
 This product worked for the short time the battery did . The original battery lasted about a week . Subsequent replacements with the PetSafe-RFA-67-6-Volt batteries last 24-36 hours . Do n't waste your money .
 We purchased this collar for our bark obsessed Australian Shepherd . At first it seemed to work well and she stopped barking after the first mild zap . But it became clear that unless the sensors have direct contact with their skin it does n't register . So we had to shave her neck and even then it does n't work well or on a regular basis . Batteries wear out very quickly making it ineffective as well.So only recommend this product for very short haired dogs .
 The description states that this product can be used on small breeds , but the instructions on the package state not to use on dogs under 8 lbs ! This really should be stated on the product description page to save people such as myself the headache of having to return the item .
 I ordered a pbc-102 bark collar , a bc-103 om swr/0 was delivered.This unit does not function although a new battery was inserted , can , t rate this product other than to say we are dissapointed with the purchase which was not the one ordered and the fact it is not functional .
 1 . Included batteries were dead on arrival .2 . With replacement batteries installed , collars were used as directed . They had no noticeable effect on the incessant yapping of either dog .
 First of all , this item would not consistently administer a shock when my dog started barking . Sometimes she would finish a barking fit and then 10 seconds later yelp when the collar finially shocked her . Other times , the collar would deliver a shock to her when she had let out the slightest wimper.Like others , I also accidentally left the product on the `` test '' setting once and didnt realize the dang thing was shocking her every 30 seconds , I felt horrible when I finally realized why she kept tensing up.Lastly , I bought this item 3 months ago and it no longer works . Now maybe it 's because my dog loves to swim and gets in the stream often when we play in the park . However , I bought the product because the batteries were supposed to be designed so water would not short circuit the product . After the third replacement of the battery , and we tried all of the other batteries we had left , the product has simply stopped working . This product is not worth the hassle and stress you end up putting your dog through .
 Worked fine for the first few hours , then stopped . I tried tightening it , loosening it , and trimming my dog 's hair . All to no avail . Finally I thought it must have a dead battery , so I bought some more . Still the exact same thing , it did n't work at all.The manual says to test the collar , rub it on a flat surface and you 'll hear a beep confirming it 's working . I tested it as the manual says and did hear the beeping , but when I put it on my dog again it just would not work . I 'm giving it two stars because I 'm thinking it might have something to do with my dog . He 's a Border Collie/Dalmatian breed . So he 's a very intense dog , especially his barking . Hence , I think because he barks so much , he somehow confused the collar into not working anymore .
 I have two of these and they work so so . You really need to put them on tight and that concerns me . The quality is questionable . One is broken and we used it very little . The worst part is the propritary batteries it uses . It will cost you a fortune .
 Amazing . For a product that works SO WELL to have such a flimsy collar is completely poor planning and poor design . We could n't believe how well it worked for about a week until the collar actually ripped and was lost . We found it in the yard tried to tape it back on and it ripped again . It comes on the cheapest kind of thin nylon collar that no one actually would buy for their cat , let alone their dog , because it is obviously flimsy and ca n't last . And we ca n't figure out a way to put the device onto another collar . It 's so disturbing because otherwise , the collar seemed like a dream come true and worked almost immediately !!!!!!!! BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD !
 We have 3 dogs -LRB- 2 pugs and a pitbull mix -RRB- that bark nonstop while the house next door is being shown to prospective tenants/buyers . Unfortunately the house is being shown while we are at work and not home to stop the barking . I was approached by a potential neighbor who demanded our dogs de-barked as she would n't buy the house with all that racket . We called the HOA , and while there were n't any official complaints we knew we had only a short time to correct it before one was made . Behavior training worked great , or so we thought , the dogs would not bark at all when we were home . Then we got a letter from the HOA - dogs bark constantly when house is being shown and you are not home . Great - now what do we do ? We only had 30 days to stop the barking until we got fined.As a last resort we looked into static shock collars . After reading all the reviews on Amazon and other petstore sites I decided on the Petsafe collars . I got the collars and had the dogs wear them over the weekend so that we were home to supervise . I followed the directions exactly and put the collars on tight . Our pug Buster shook his head and it buzzed and shocked him . He scratched the collar weaved part - not the box - and it shocked him . Hubby came downstairs , tightened the collar even more assuming the collar was sliding as Buster scratched and shook his head . As there were no more mishaps I thought the collars were working correctly . But then again the dogs did n't bark once when we were home as they were trained ... The next day we leave for work and feeling uneasy I put the collars on the dogs . I was hoping for no mishaps as we would n't be home to take the collars off if something went wrong . Hubby got home first , went into the backyard to check on the dogs and Buster was standing in the dogrun shivering getting shocked repeatedly nonstop . The other dog 's collars were beeping and buzzing as well . Were any of the dogs barking or whining ? NO !!! They were n't making a sound ! He took off all the collars right away and when I got home we tested the sensitivity by gently tapping the collars on the kitchen counter . Each collar buzzed and shocked no matter how softly we tapped the counter . The collars would go off if we tapped one next to it ! That is WAY too sensitive for our liking , and the fact that the dogs were getting shocked for merely breathing and NOT barking is just cruel.Amazon refunded us our money in full -LRB- including all shipping charges -RRB- as they were all defective . I would never buy these again and would never leave dogs alone with this collar on .
 My dog barks whenever we leave . We recently moved into an apartment and I want to correct the behavior . Bought the collar , did everything the directions said and left the room . He barked , then two seconds later -LRB- when the device activates -RRB- he started yelping and screeching like he was injured . I read they may react like this at first , so I waited to see if he would work it out . The screeching got worse and worse . I went to check on him and he had lost control of his bowels and bladder due to the shocks.I feel like the worst pet owner ever for trying this product .
 Hoped it would work on a small dog -LRB- 12 lbs -RRB- . It sounded good based on the reviews and online manual but it only works 10 % of the time . The unit itself is too big and easily slides to the side of the neck and so it wo n't get activated when the dog barks because it is not directly on the animal 's voice box . Instructions emphasize that the contact points have to touch the skin but the prongs are too long so it does n't fit right . The unit itself is literally bolted onto the strap . Instructions say to cut the excess strap to fit the dog . Once you cut the strap you ca n't move the unit up or down the strap so it 's awkward placing it on the animal . It probably works better on a bigger dog but definitely not on a small one .
 I would not recommend this collor for dogs with long hair . I used it on a 9 month old Malamute with no undercoat yet but the prongs still had a problem making contact with the skin -LRB- which is necessary to work effectively -RRB- . To remedy this I tried to tighten the collor to create closer contact but this resulted in my dog constantly hacking and throwing up on the carpet . I next shaved my dogs neck and loosened the collar , but the shock this created for this size of dog was only slightly irratating and the barking continued . I believe this collar would be an effective tool on small shorter hair breeds , but I would avoid attemping to expect positive results on larger breeds . I 'd rate it a 2 out of 5 .
 My experience is similar to the other one star reviews . It started beeping when I put it on , it beeped when the dog walked , it beeped no matter what my dog did . Any little noise or shaking or walking set the beep off . Upsetting and unhelpful .
 I bought this item based on all the positive reviews it received hoping to help with my 3 year old Australian shepherds barking issue . I followed the instructions and put the collar on him . He barked at someone he saw and the collar beeped then shocked him , he jumped into the air let out a very loud cry , then it shocked him again when he cried and it repeated this over and over . He ran about the house screaming in pain like he was being skinned alive , until i could get it off of him . I feel horrible for putting this on him , buyer beware , it may just be too much for some dogs , i would recommend a remote collar so you can control the correction and not worry about this sort of thing happening . I would never buy something like this again , or recommend it .
 Either this came with a dead battery , it does n't work or my dog is immune to it . It does n't do anything and I 'm left wondering if I should buy another battery or move on .
 I received the collar and took it out of the packaging and it would not work . Very disappointing to receive broken product .
 This collar initially was a huge help controlling the barking of my large mixed breed chronic yapper . It did n't distress her , but she did n't sit in the front yard barking just to hear herself bark . However , after 6 months , the batteries wore out , and the company 's replacement batteries only last a day . I 've tried six batteries from two different sources , and they each work for less than a day . The collar must some how be draining them , because I ca n't believe ALL the batteries are bad . An expensive disappointment .
 I ordered this product because I was desperate and rushed to have it delivered . The battery is no good despite this being a `` new '' package . Customer service at Pet Safe told me that they would send me new batteries - in 7 to 10 business days . I asked the rep if that was the best she could do considering they sold me a faulty product and I should not have to wait another two weeks to get the issue addressed . Her response was that for an additional $ 15 they could expedite it to me . Disgusting !!! I should pay $ 15 to correct their faulty manufacturing/quality control ???
 It worked the first time I put it on my dog . You could hear it working . She figured it out within about 3 barks and got the message , so I thought it was a success , but then it never really worked after that . I certainly never heard it again . I tried replacing the batteries twice , but nada . My dog still barks less but is slowly figuring it out that it 's not working . I do n't know if it 's the batteries or the collar -LRB- but if I have to replace the batteries after every use it 's certainly not worth it . -RRB- Anyways I 've gone ahead and ordered http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00173CWDW/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00 mostly because it 's rechargable ! Hopefully it last longer than this one !!
 After trying multiple ways to stop our beloved dog from his almost constant barking , and none of them working , we finally gave in to this static collar . Not only is our family more at peace , but our dog is more peaceful and calm . He is definitely much happier since he is n't consumed with his barking . At first it was odd not having him bark , like he lost his voice , but it is so much better not having him bark at EVERYTHING !!! For anyone skeptical ... give it a try . You will enjoy your dog so much more!UPDATE TO ORIGINAL REVIEW ~ we are sending the bark collar back . For some reason , it has stopped working completely . When we replace the battery it works for a few days , then nothing . I wish it would 've continued on with it 's original success with our dog , as his barking is once more a disruption to his peace and calm . I 'm very disappointed that it did n't work . Loved the results when it was functioning properly though ! Off to find something else to help . Good luck to you all .
 I had another upgraded bark collar by the same company which was more expensive . When I lost it , I replaced it with this one . I do n't like it because you can not control the degree of the shock . The other one I could put it on high when I was in situations where I knew my dog would bark and my dog would stop immediately . This one takes a longer time and the dog can be almost in a barking frenzy before it begins to go off and then it really shocks him.The more expensive one is much better .
 There are better options out there . This does n't allow a control for intensity . That is a fundamental flaw with the product and why I do n't recommend .
 I felt bad puting one of these on my dog to begin with but his barking was out if controll . The collar will not activate sometimes and let him get away with three or so barks while activating when he shakes his head giving mixed signals . We still use it if we know there is going to be a situation where he is goin to bark but for the most part keep it off .
 I put the collar on my beagle this weekend to help with nuisance barking . I thought it would be okay to give her a little shock when she barked . The first time she wore it it was just for a few minutes , and she barked twice and then we took it off . The second time I went to the bathroom and she started barking , and it shocked her and then she yelped , then it shocked her again , and yelped , etc. . It was SO STRONG that she started spewing vomit , and was very panicked . I tried to calm her down , but I could n't because she kept yelping . The only way to get the product to stop was to get it off of her , so I had to get her to stand near me for long enough to undo the buckle , which was very hard to do . It would have been nice if there was a remote included as well for situations like this when you just need it to shut off . I will never use this product again and am returning it as I do not feel it is safe to use .
 This is the most horrible product ever . I tried it on my dog once and you would have thought someone or something was attacking her . She went crazy , biting anyone that tried to help her . I ended up having to get stitches . This is an unsafe product . I would NEVER recommend this to anyone . I feel like a terrible person for even trusting this . I should have known better . If you love your pet , PLEASE do n't ever buy this . I feel bad that I even returned it . I can only hope they destroy the package instead of reselling it.PS . It 's unfortunate that I ca n't rate this item zero stars .
 This had opposite effect on our dog -LRB- medium-small size -RRB- , it made him bark more , the more he got shocked the more he barked , and more he got shocked , and louder he barked ... He ended up SCREAMING , he did n't make the connection between barking and being zapped , he thought he was being attacked , it seemed like it was going on for eternity , the worst day ever for everyone involved , we tried to call and calm him down so he would stop screaming which would turn the collar off but he did n't care to listen , he kept running like a mad dog , screaming and getting shocked even more . We tried to catch him -LRB- carefully as to not scare him more -RRB- but it was impossible , he got crazy , he tried to bite us , he ran around the house in circles and pooped and peed all over , ALL OVER THE HOUSE , every single room was ruined . There is a timer , and the collar stopped zapping him after 3 minutes . We were able to approach the dog and take this thing off . It was too late , we all got tortured including the dog in addition to that I had pretty nasty and smelly carpets to clean . `` Pet safe '' collar ????? WHAT ? Please read reviews , the same experience described by a few customers here , it can kill your dog . Those who designed this device need to get lost . We got citronella collar which worked wonderfully . He got sprayed a couple of times , lots of confusion but no pain , still barks with no collar though , the moment we put citronella collar barking stops .
 Literature indicates hair on neck may need to be shaved . I 'm not interested in shaving a beautiful dog , especially because one should n't leave this collar on 24/7 . It does n't work on the dog without shaving .
 My dogs have a constant barking problem . It got to the point where it drove me crazy !! I bought this collar because of its price and hoped it would solve the problem . What i did not realize is that my dog is sensitive to pain . He barked and it shocked him , and he started yelping and it kept shocking him only getting more intense . My dog ended up pooping all over my house as I was trying to take the collar off . My recommendation is to spend a little more money and buy a better unit that has a remote where you push the button to correct a behavior , not a model like this .
 We purchased these for our two poodles . They are about 10lbs . The dogs had such a horrible reaction to the pain caused by the shock that we could n't use them . I 'm sure that for bigger , sturdier dogs they work great .
 We recently adopted an adult dog who prior to us had received no training what so ever . We wanted to nip a barking problem in the bud once and for all so out of desperation we ordered this collar . The process of behaviour modification is slow and we need our dog to cope in a very urban area otherwise we need to consider moving out of town.The reviews on this site were overwhelmingly positive and the negative reviews seem to just talk about the the quality of the materials and not about the effectiveness of the collar its self.In short . . it simply does not work . Our poor dog squeals and cries and fights through the pain but then continues to bark and has not learnt anything from it . In fact the collar has created anxiety and now we need to restart the process of behaviour modification except now we have an even bigger challenge than before using the collar as it has created a whole new world of anxiety for him.Don ' t go for this quick fix solution . Do n't put your dog through the pain we put ours through . We honestly thought it would be for the best so he would behave and once he behaved his quality of life would be better . This is not the case . It was a waste of money and the cause of emotional distress for both dog and owner .
 Bought two for our small dogs . Followed all the instructions -LRB- except for shaving the dog 's neck -RRB- and product did not work for us . We do have friends that bought this and it works well .
 I bought this for our 5 month old cocker spaniel who barks at the wind , or a falling piece of dust lol ! In the instructions they do warn you that some dogs rarely get into a bark shock bark loop . In theory you are supposed to pet and calm the dog gown . This did n't turn out to be very practical advice . My dog barked , it shocked him , and he screamed -LRB- yes screamed -RRB- ! The he got shocked again and screamed again , and got shocked again . As he was screaming and barking , he was running in circles , and trying to hide under tables and sofas etc. . . I could n't hope to catch him he was moving so fast ! I went and got a blanket with the intention of using it as a net to catch him so I could calm him . By the time I got back , he had hidden under a cabinet I had left open , and was just shaking uncontrolably ! In theory , it worked I guess , because he did n't make another sound for 3 days , but I was thinking mild shock , not medievil torture ! My 9 year old daughter was in tears , just sitting on the floor holding her hands over her ears and crying , and shooting me daggers with her eyes for being mean to her birthday puppy . We wo n't be putting it back on him , regardless of the instructions that came with the collar . I have never considered myself a cruel person , and I ca n't call this anything but cruel .
 This causes seizures in dogs and is torturous for the animal ... Some people would do anything for money and I am shocked at Amazon for even considering selling this product ... if your dog is happy and content , it will not bark , so it must be something you are doing wrong , dog owners and manufacturers of this garbage ... I shall write Amazon about this product but stop selling it NOW ... !!! ... I have also contacted the ASPCA ... for their reaction ...
 * ALL * shock collars are inhumane . There are ultrasonic devices that work just as effectively without terrorizing the animal . If you think they are humane , put one on yourself . I guarantee you 'll find it 's not just a ` mild static ' charge . It 's quite painful and not something someone will do to a much loved animal .
 Do n't order this product ! The item detail does not explain to you that you need an electronic fence to make these collars work . These collars come with only two probes -LRB- not the three needed to be an actual bark collar ... one sensor and two shockers -RRB- . I tried to tell customer service , but they did n't believe me . I told them to come and listen to my dogs ... who are still barking!If you want these collars be prepared to spend more money to make them work .
 Buy any no-bark dog collars and you 've become a willing participant in animal cruelty . It 's that simple . Crude electroshock is no way to treat the dog you love . Please think twice before buying this or any other no-bark collar .
 I purchased this product from Amazon.com as I have a dog that barks in the car . This collar was defective and it did not work at all . I had to call the company and they were gracious enough to send me a replacement collar . I will not recommend purchasing no bark collars from Amazon.com as there is no way of knowing if the product works .
 To be honest , this thing does in fact work great . However , a battery a day is just ridicules . I bought this collar for my puppy because he barked non-stop any time he was left alone . He would seriously bark for hours on end . This collar -LRB- along with 6 consecutive batteries/days of use -RRB- put a quick stop to that before it became a habit . I am just reluctant to buy more batteries for it because the last battery I had was installed but the collar never even went on the puppy and the next day the battery was blinking indicating it was almost dead after sitting idle ! For only a day!As far as I 'm concerned , it served it 's one week purpose and now it is just battery parasite that sits in my junk drawer .
 My dog has loud bark , but it didnt work well . I even tried on myself but it didnt work . I believe 1 of 10 times it worked.I was so stressful with this collar . I bought it because I saw a lot of good reviews on amazon . If you want to buy this , you should concern your choice .
 I really do n't know how it works . The battery was dead when I received it and since it is a special battery I have to order another one.I have 3 of the pet safe collars now and so far none have them have worked . I wo n't be buying any more . I am using a water spray bottle when he barks and saving myself the money .
 DO NOT BUY THIS COLLAR FOR DOGS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT DOES NOT WORK AT-ALL !!!! THE PRONGS NEVER PICK UP THE VIBRATION FROM YOUR DOGS NO MATTER HOW TIGHT YOU MAKE IT . AND THE PRONGS ARE AT LEAST AN INCH TO TWO INCHES LONG WHICH POKES INTO THERE NECK . IT SHOCKED MY CONSTANT BARKING WEENIE DOG ONCE AND NEVER AGAIN . I KNEW I WAS SENDING IT BACK TWO MINUTES AFTER I PUT IT ON HER ! I GUESS THE ONLY + + IS I GOT MY MONEY BACK ... A MONTH LATER !!!!
 I had high hopes for this , as my keeshond is extremely vocal , but was simply unable to get it to deliver any kind of shock at all through his hair . He does have a particularly thick coat , but I tried parting it under the unit , and pulling the collar very very tight , but still nothing . Just in case it was the dog and not the hair , I tried it on a Samoyed , with much less of a ruff , but it did n't work on her either . I called the company , and they suggested shaving his neck , but I do n't think they appreciated just what this would mean . Anyway , if anyone can recommend any way of keeping a keeshond quiet , please let me know .
 a waste of money for us . this collar did not deter our dog from barking . adjusted and followed directions , but no success .
 DO NOT BUY !!!! Complete waste of money . Bought it , did everything the instructions said to do ... and nothing . The collar was tight , I shaved the area , I tested it , and my dog still barks . I even put it on myself and after maybe 50 barks it worked once .
 Worst dog product we 've tried in a long time . Not only was it ineffective on our dog but the battery -LRB- that came with the product -RRB- fell apart when my husband changed the battery . In addition , the batteries wear out really quickly . My advice , do n't waste your money
 I bought 2 of these in late January . Both dogs stopped barking within a day and that was amazing . However , both dogs resumed barking within a few days . Both batteries were dead . Replaced battery in one and put on the most active dog . Battery dead in 24 hours . Replaced battery twice again and the same thing happened both times . The dog only barked a few times in each case , so it was n't activity that killed the batteries . Both collars are sitting on a shelf now.I did notice at least one other reviewer with a similar `` 24 hour battery life '' problem . These things seem to either work great or they just eat batteries and are basically useless.There is the possibility that the problem may be the batteries themselves . Since you can only use PetSafe batteries , it is hard to isolate the cause .
 When it works , it works great . But unfortunately , it has to fit so perfectly on my dog 's neck to work that sometimes it works and sometimes it does n't . This results in my dog taking the chance and barking anyway . In order for it to work it has to be so tight on her throat that the prongs are jabbed into her neck , so I would NEVER recommend leaving your dog unsupervised with it on ! It also must be exactly in the right spot on her throat - which I have yet to figure out where the magic spot is . I would not buy this collar again - way too unreliable !
 I tested on myself first and it shocked me pretty bad with level 10 . but my German shepherd almost has no response at all . his fur is pretty thick though and the product description does not mention fur thickness . I am returning it .
 I 'm not going into the whole ` effects of the shock collar training ' . The concept works great if the user knows how and the product functions as it should . THIS ONE DOES NOT . We are on our third training collar due to the appalling lack of quality of construction . Problems we 've experienced largely center on
 This gadget is significantly overpriced for what you get , which is
 i have found out after the first set of battery 's dies out the shocking chargedies down because when i first got it I had it set at 4 now i have to set it at 10 to get the same shock . I tested it on my arm both times so i would n'thurt my dog unfairly . I am afraid in another month it will be worthless .
 It would be nice to know how long batteries last on the product ... Here 's a typical scenario involving this product : Big dog , 70 lbs , very stubborn , likes to dig under fences , jump on people , needs training . Getting the collar on him is a chore since he kicks his feet up whenever you try to get it on him . Once you do get the collar on him and have it all set , within a week the battery runs out , regardless of how often you use it.So basically , your dog is jumping on everyone and making a complete fool of himself , the perfect time to use the static device to train him and you have to replace batteries since the collar actually needs a car battery attached to it to actually be effective.IMO , its seems to be more of a punishment to actually attach a leash to the collar since even the smallest probe on the kit is so long that it can injure the dog 's neck if he pulls on the leash too hard.If it 's too loose it will not give good contact with the skin and thus not work , and according to the manual if it 's too tight , it can cause `` necrotic dermatitis '' aka dead skin . If you get it just right you run out of batteries in no time . If he pulls on the collar it can injure him . His neck is too short to put another collar on him just for the leash.I no longer keep the collar on him for fear of him injuring himself with the metal probes , and unfortunatley its been opened and can not be returned . This was a complete waste of 115 dollars and I would never recommend this product to anyone .
 If you do not remember to switch the receiver off after each use , you will run out of the battery within 2 weeks . How inconvenient .
 I was very dissapointed with it because a prong broke off within a few wks of using it otherwise it was working great
 This is absolutely the biggest piece of junk that I have EVER thrown money at !! This thing eats batteries every two days -LRB- whether I turn it off when my dogs come in or not ! -RRB- !! I have spent more money on batteries in two months then I did on the original item AND I am not even using the shock function , just the noise !!! PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE save your money and your sanity !!
 Arrived with dead batteries . Waited 10 days for replacement batteries . Collar and remote lights showed green . . Dog NEVER responded to collar . Returned collar and waiting to be credited . Would not recommend this collar . Probably would not purchase another collar online .
 I ordered this collar for it 's price , mostly positive ratings , and because it 's `` waterproof '' . The last one was a must , since I have 2 water dogs - lab and weimaraner - and planned to use it on my lab -LRB- who runs off and ceases to listen to me at all -RRB- . I tried it on in the yard , worked fine I guess , but might have been inconsistent -LRB- she sometimes reacted to the buzz , sometimes not , and it was on the same setting ... faulty collar or selective dog ? -RRB- . We went out on a walk , and they of course went for a swim , and then of course she ran off . Ready , set - buzz ! Nothing . At all . Whenever she did decide to wander back my way I readjusted and tried the tone - nothing . Got home , took the batteries out and had to dry them off ! Not sure if the unit will work once it dries out , but regardless I 'm returning it . It says waterproof , I expect it to be waterproof . Guess I 'll have to get a more reliable model , even if it is more expensive .
 Product seems to be fairly well made , but there is about a 2 second delay , and sometimes longer , from the time you hit the remote button until the time the dog receives the shock . This is unacceptable . We purchased this unit because we have a new dog being introduced to our 3 cats . We do n't want to have to wait a few seconds before the dog is corrected ; he can chase and catch a cat in that amount of time . We need instant results when we push the button , and we 're not sure why this product does n't provide that . Unfortunately , we waited too long before we discovered this problem , so we can not sent this back . We would return it if we could .
 Bought one unit about 7 months ago . Did n't keep the warranty info ... my problem . The unit lasted approximately 2 months before the collar stopped beeping and shocking . Needed a quick replacement because our little Jug just does n't listen too well . Bought the same exact Petsafe model . That one lasted two months as well with the same problems . I 've decided that I 've learned and do not want this unreliable model even if it is replaced under warranty . Live and learn .
 I bought the PetSafe Deluxe trainer after seeing one for sale at our local pet store . I read several poor reviews of the product , and now I am upset with myself for not heeding the warning of others . This product is sub par ! My biggest complaint is the short distance the transmitter can reach the collar . When the batteries are brand new I could reliably get 30 to 50 feet away from my dog and deliver a correction . However when the batteries are only a few days old the distance reduces greatly . I had a incident at a park that made me realize the PetSafe Deluxe Big Dog Trainer is junk . My german shepherd started running after a young boy . -LRB- not in an aggressive manner , but the young boy and his mother did n't know he was only playing -RRB- I used the transmitter on the highest setting , but no correction reached my dog . Later I tested the distance and found the transmitter only reached about 20 feet . That was the day I purchased a brand new Dogtra 2300NCP . This is a professional device that costs about $ 250 . It has lithium ion batteries that can be recharged in both the transmitter and receiver , and has a reliable range of about 3/4 mile . No comparison to the PetSafe . Spend your money wisely and save up for the training collar that you can rely on .
 The collar quite simply did not work at all . I called the number given in the brochure to get help . To my surprise they were really nice and helpful . We determined that it was defective and needed to be returned . It is because of the good customer service that I gave the product two stars , otherwise it would have been one .
 Was great to begin with , however after about six months of use . My dog on two seperate times started yelping for no reason , in fact i did not even have the remote in my hand . There was another issue of distance and that I would only get about 100 feet max . After this , i purchased another one and have since had no issues .
 We bought this for our Greater Swiss Mountain dog with the hopes of breaking a few bad habits.Unfortunately we were quite disappointed with this device and after three weeks gave up and settled for trying to just break the barking habit and got the PDBC-300 with progressive bark suppression . We have been very happy with that one . This one is NOT EVEN WORTH the batteries that are included with it.The main reason for our un-happyness is that even with brand new batteries , it does n't stay on for more than about two hours.I read through the manual and there is nothing implying that it has a timeout . So when our dog did misbehaves the collar was off and we were unable to attempt to correct the action , or use escalating correction.The 10 levels of correction , when it is on and actually working and it did n't take very long to figure out the minimal level at which our dog would react . Though again , it just does NOT stay on.It also eats through the batteries at an incredible rate , about a set of batteries a week even with it automatically shutting offQuite simply , it is a waste of money and time .
 I purchased this product because my dog likes to take off and play in the street . I am always outside w / her so I decided to opt for this particular model rather than pay hundreds of dollars for an invisible fence . When this product works it is very effective . I have found though , that many times I will depress either the sound or the shock buttons and nothing will happen . The batteries are new so it is my opinion that this product chooses when it wants to work .
 When I first received this collar , it worked alright . I was neither impressed nor unimpressed . However , after a week , it stopped working at all , and I figured that the batteries in the collar had gone bad , so I took it to my local battery store and had two more batteries installed at a cost of $ 8 . Three days later , the same thing happened . I was upset that the batteries I purchased were bad . They re-replaced the batteries for free and put in a pair of `` premium '' brand batteries . Well , three days later , they died . After eating a bit of crow and offering to pay for the batteries they put in for free , I replaced them again at a cost of $ 12 . This time , the collar died within two days , and the collar was only used once during this time . I took it back , put another set of batteries in it , and brought it home . Less than a day later , it happened again . After dealing with the collar over the past several weeks , I decided to take it off , and it 's been sitting on our washing machine ever since . I could not get any customer support from PetSafe , and a local store employee told me this system had a problem with the on-off switch . Needless to say , I can not recommend this product to anyone , and I feel that I put my money down the toilet on this one !
 I tried this product on a stray that showed up at the house . The dog was in poor condition so we took her in but she had a problem with chasing the cats and running off across the road . I got the collar in an effort to prevent her chasing the cats and getting hit by a car . The collar however at its highest setting does n't even phase her , she just keeps doing whatever she was doing . The beep will always get her attention if she is within about 10 yards but after that shes gone again . Also I had a problem with the fact that there is a delay between the time you push the button and the time it actually sends the shock . The delay is about 5-10 seconds . I think that is too long because every now and then she would either stop the behavior on her own and then the shock would come or she would get out of range . I tested the collar out on myself and it does shock but again there is that delay . Also I am not sure that the collar actually shocks everytime you push the button due to the delay I have to watch her carefully to see if she feels anything . Sometime she will flinch when shocked but it is not enough to make her leave the cat alone or to prevent her from running across the road . I will state that this is not because she has no training she seems to infact have had obdeince training and will come , sit and stay when she is in a controlled location . Once she gets into the open though she simply ignores all commands . It might work on a dog that is n't quite so intense or stubborn , but I would n't purchase this product again .
 Although this item is advertized as `` waterproof '' , it is not ! It stopped working the moment my dog went into the water . Otherwise worked fine . The DOGTRA shock collar works better and is waterproof .
 You will end up spending more on batteries than the collar itself . I 've replaced the batteries twice in a month and have delivered very few actual ` shocks ' . I 'll go with a rechargeable collar next time .
 I have only used the sound on my dog , which luckily is enough to scare her into acting right . However , I have to be standing about 20 yards away for it to connect . The product claims it will work up to 100 yards . Wrong . I can be standing without any obstructions in the way and it does not work until I walk closer to my dog . This is frustrating as part of the reason I got it was to keep her out of my neighbors yard without actually having to go into the yard to get her .
 I ordered this product to use on my 1.5 year old Boxer Mix because she is having behaviorial issues such as jumping , tugging on leash , etc. . The tone button worked occasionally with her such as when she was tugging on the leash . When it came to her jumping , I would have to use the `` SHOCK '' button and I say shock because I had to set it so high - 7 or 8 - for it to make any impact and at that point , it hurt her , causing her great pain . I returned the item and do not recommend the use of it on any animal .
 When the remote is working properly is works well . However , it often does n't work . I changed batteries and it still has very sporadic performance . You can not expect it to work at a distance of over 10 yards . Most times is works 50-75 % of the time . The quality of the remote is cheap plastic . After a few months of use , the remote started to fall apart and made it difficult to press the buttons . Also the dial for the level of shock does n't seem very accurate.Generally , I would n't recommend this device . Find a better more reliable one .
 I 've had this collar for 2 years . I do not use it often , mostly when people come to the house because if he 's wearing the collar , the dog behaves very well by not jumping on people when they walk in the door , etc. -LRB- I have a very large labrador retriever , so he can overwhelm people easily -RRB- I like the beep feature because I ca n't even remember the last time I 've used the shock button ... I really do n't want to use the shock feature on my dog . If I just beep my dog , he corrects his behavior immediately.Recently , friends have been coming over with small children , so I 've put the collar on before they arrive . But over the past couple of weeks , immediately upon putting the collar on him , my dog cowers at my feet . This is strange because I have n't used the shock button in at least 1 1/2 years , so he should n't fear the collar . I really could n't understand why he was so frightened by the collar , especially since he never reacted to the collar like this before ... if he had , we never would have used the collar to begin with . Well , last night , my husband realized why the dog was terrified of the collar ... as soon as the collar is powered on , it 's releasing a continuous shock to the dog !!! I feel awful for even putting this collar on my dog at all!We 've had the collar for 2 years , and we maybe use it once a month at best . I believe this problem started a couple of weeks ago when we replaced the battery , so I do n't know how long the collar would last for anyone who uses it regularly with their pet . I 'm really upset that this happened ... if the collar just stopped working , I would buy a new one , but this type of dysfunction makes me never want to buy another collar again . No one wants this to happen to their dog .
 This item worked well when it worked . The sound and shocker did n't always work . I had to press the buttons several times to get to activate . Battery performance , as noted in other reviews , was also unimpressive . The extra batteries that I bought from Amazon were not the correct ones , so that was another $ 7 lost . Also , the clip on the collar broke , so now it 's safety pinned . For nearly $ 100 I feel they could use decent material . It did improve my dog 's behavior , but the hassle in it 's use only gets it two stars .
 We really liked this trainer at first . It did help to get our dog 's attention and he nicely became more cooperative . However , it has never worked for a distance . It only works for about 10 feet . We 've had it for over a year and have dealt with increasing problems . The batteries need replacing every two weeks , the shock works sporatically , and a couple of times the stimulation -LRB- shock -RRB- button stuck , which was not at all what we would ever want to happen . I would suggest you look for a collar with rechargable batteries and one for longer distances .
 We purchased this item to help train a very enthusiastic yellow lab . The controller was setting on a table . The dog was wearing the collar . Suddenly , it went off for no reason . -LRB- there was no one near the unit and there are no children in my home to wonder about . -RRB- The poor dog ran thru the house `` screaming . '' The thing would not shut off . My husband turned it all the way down , finally caught the dog , and yanked the collar off of him . I have contacted the seller twice to get a return authorization . They will not return my calls . What a waste of almost $ 100.00 after shipping .
 I bought this training collar to train a hard-headed German Shepherd puppy , but the collar does not trigger every time I press the button on the remote.For maximum effectiveness I would expect 100 percent reliability and I would rate this one at 60-75 percent reliable . I would not recomment it to the serious dog trainer.It does not seem to be the battery hog as others have indicated , but the inconsistencies noted in its failure to function every time lead me to give it a low rating for quality , performance and reliability .
 I read all of the reviews before I purchased this and knew that batteries might be an issue , so when my collar did n't work properly , I bought new batteries hoping that was the problem . The collar never worked below a setting of 5 , and rarely worked above that setting . When it did work , it was inconsistent in its power . Additionally , its range was less than 15 feet -- not much help when your dog is racing around the backyard or throughout the house in a barking frenzy . This is a product that needs to be consistent if it is to be helpful .
 We had this product for 6 months it broke three times , -LRB- transmitter once , and collar twice -RRB- . The company was very good in honoring their warranty and fixed or replaced it quickly.But in the end , we gave this away to a friend and buying something better , here is why...-If you do n't push the button down correctly it will get stuck and constantly send a correction to your dog until you get it unstuck . This was very very annoying.-We dropped the remote a few times -LRB- it happens -RRB- after that , the battery cover did n't stay closed without the help of tape . We never figured it out , but several intensity levels did not work.-NOT WATERPROOF , if your dog likes water , spend some extra money on something that is . If there was water around we had to remove the collar therefore having a lot less control over him , which equated to a much more stressful day.-Some of the units are rechargeable , this one is not , if you accidently leave the collar on while its not on your dog , your batteries will probably need replacing.-There is a delay between pushing the button and the collar picking up the signal -LRB- I tried it on myself -RRB- . If you are trying to correct a behavior you need an instant correction.-The range was pretty poor , if there are trees around take that range and split it in half . So if Hatch decided to chase a deer -LRB- which happed a few times -RRB- , he cleared that 50 yard range too quickly for us to grab the remote , turn the dial and give him a correction to get him out of that chase mind set.If your dog stays in your back yard or you use this strictly for walking or in a fenced area , it will work great . But if not I would highly highly recommend spending just a little bit more to get a much better unit . There are a lot of hunting dog collars that work much better and are much more durable.We upgraded to a SportDog Collar just last month -LRB- the SD-800 -RRB- and words do not do justice on how much better this collar is , and there are several other brands and models that have similar construction and features . Not only are we much happier with the new collar , we are more confident with our dog which makes for a lot less stress . You end up enjoying your day.I regret not spending a little extra money upfront and getting something better the first time .
 The collar only works sometimes . I checked the connections with the neon lamp and it is lighting up but my dog is not feeling a charge 80-90 % of the time even when it 's set at 8 or 9 . I switched to the longer probs and it still is n't working as promised . My next option is to shave his neck and try to improve contact that way . I noticed that the button sometimes sticks in the charge position and if it happens to be the time that the dog is actually feeling the charge he jumps several times becasue of the continued shock before I realize the button is stuck . If shaving his neck works and I can `` zap '' him using a 5 or 6 I will say the collar is worth it but if I must crank it up to 8 or 9 and really cause considerable discomfort I wo n't recommend it .
 I purchased this product for my 100-pound Lab because we were having trouble controlling him whenever he saw the neighbors chickens . He had always been an off-leash dog until we moved to the country and the neighbors chickens would escape their pen and wonder around freely . After several dead chickens and a few failed attempts with various other devices like muzzles , we knew we had to find a way to resolve the situation so he could get the exercise he needed and we could all live in peace . Purchasing this shock collar was our last resort . Too bad it did n't work . We could never get it to work when we really needed it to such as when he would start to charge towards the neighbor 's property or when he is in a frenzy because some creature crossed our path . When it did work , once the dog is in that frenzy , even the highest setting had no impact . He would yelp or bark but it would n't keep him from trying to go after the chicken or squirrel or whatever . The money I spent on this I could have paid to fix their stupid chicken enclosure which is what I 've had to do anyway . May work for a more docile dog , but a bird dog is , after all , a bird dog .
 My wife and I purchased this product several months ago to help us keep our young Labrador Retriever under control and have been nothing but disappointed with this product . The customer service department was very responsive in replacing the product the first time , but the second unit behaves the same as the first . When the units were brand new , they would correct the dog as long as he was within ten feet of you . The specs say it has a range of 100 yards , but that is completely false . After about a month , the collar will no longer shock , but it will continue to beep when pressed . We are sick due to the fact that we threw away almost $ 100 on a piece of cheaply made garbage . Please save yourself some frustration - DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 The dog trainer collar did not work ... the sound alarm worked but the shock option did not . I changed the batteries and it still would not give the electic shock . Defective product !
 The range on this collar is hit and miss , mostly miss . We also found that the batteries in the collar unit needed to be replaced almost weekly , even though we vary rarely used the remote -LRB- we used the sound correction 99 % of the time , rather than the shock -RRB- . The cost of the batteries makes this collar a poor investment .
 Have tried two of these collars now and the range advertised is not even close . While occasionally it has gotten 20 yds , most times if it is over 10 yds it is hit or miss that it will work . I hope the return policy is as good as the exchange policy was .
 This thing is garbage . The collar only works part of the time . and when it does decide to work , it eats up batteries . there is huge delay from the time you press the button to the time your dog gets the correction tone or shock . like i said this thing is garbage . if you want a quality shock collar , go with the WetlandHunter A-Series 1-Mile Range Dog Remote and Training Collar .
 When this product works right it is 100 % effective . The problem it does n't work all the time for some reason the signal does not reach the collar . It has nothing to do with yardage , walls or batteries , it just does n't work all the time ...
 My credit card was charged $ 97.89 on Feb 3 . No book ever arrived . I ca n't believe that the correct price is that high for one single book.Please advise .
 I was initially pleased with the product as it worked as described . Within a couple of months of very light use -LRB- I have two dogs who only need a `` reminder '' once in a while -RRB- , the buttons cracked open on the transmitter . This essentially bars its use in a wet environment . Not good . My other beef is that it is truly a pain to change batteries . I 've had other more expensive and rechargeable trainers in the past , and they were tougher and easier to use . Lesson in this
 The receiver uses up its battery after very few uses . This is my second purchase and the first unit using the 9V battery did not have this problem .
 I tried this trainer on my German Shepherd . It eats the expensive batteries like my dog eats kibble - I had to buy new ones weekly . I was even being certain to turn it off at night for bedtime and during the work day.With brand new batteries in , i would do a training session , and halfway through , the dog stopped responding . I checked the collar after increasing the level and it had turned off . This happened every time I tried to use the collar . called the manufacturer , and no luck , no refunds , no exchange , lousy service.I also work with a group of aggressive dogs working on training . at the trainer 's behest , several participants are using electronic collars . the 2 participants using this one are not happy . either the stimulation is insufficient for their dog , or the battery issue gets to them.The collar worked well as a training tool when it was on , but the unpredictability of it turning of defeats the whole purpose-anyone who works with dogs knows inconsistency is the failure of training .
 I had this for a few years , barely using it . I used it on a Papillon who likes to chase squirrels and bark at everyone and everything . Papillons are very smart dogs so she was very well behaved after a warning beep , and she knew exactly what the collar was as soon as you put it on her . So it worked fairly well but it has a few huge flaws . One the battery life is terrible for the collar . I am constantly putting in new batteries . This thing should have a sleep mode so in case you leave it on it does not drain the batteries . That is very simple technology to implement , I am an electrical engineer . And the biggest flaw is it is not waterproof or water resistant at all . My dog does not swim or even like rain but she does run in the snow , and this winter she was outside playing in the snow and the shock collar quit working . I opened it up , took the batteries out and water poured out from inside it . That is not acceptable , especially for an $ 80 collar . If you are going to see ANY level of moisture whatsoever look elsewhere for a shock collar .
 I liked the collar however for my cattle dog it did not last . The antenna broke off and had poor range and went thru batteries quickly .
 I do n't like it at all.The first day it self the collar started to rip apart from the ends.It says it is suitable for dogs over 40lbs . Not true.My dog is 45lbs and it doens ' t work.My dog is not even bother by the buzzer or the shock.There is no change in his behaviour.Plus the batteries die very very fast.Since I bought it I have changed the batteries 3 times.Would not recommend at all .
 Why would anyone put the on/off botton on the dog collar where the dog can turn it off ??? Other than that it works good . When I need to use it , first I have to make sure he has not turned it off , test it , then I can use it . It seems to me that the on/off control should be on the controller ... not the collar . and not where the dog can roll around and press the on/off button .
 I have had a variety of training collars and thought that I would try the PetSafe Deluxe Big Dog . The price seemed good and I thought that I would listen to the good reviews and give it a chance . What a mistake !!! In open air , it transmitted thirty yards at best and at the highest level made my Springer Spaniel mildly shake his head . And this was after my tightening the collar to ensure good contact . Very disappointing .
 Dog training is about consistency , and this product is simply inconsistent . I live in a neighborhood with a lot of other dogs . I bought this product to solve a simple issue , my dog tries to take off after other dogs while on a leash . He is a large , strong willed German Shepherd . In order to be effective I had to use this device at about level 7 or 8 or he ignored it . At this level the battery life was quite minimal lasting me about 3 days at best.Lithium button cells are not inexpensive , it uses 2 and in just a couple of months time I 'd spent more on batteries than the device cost me . They are also inconvenient to change , requires a screwdriver . Too many times I went to rely on this training device and it simply failed , dead batteries again . having to frustratingly switch gears to deal with the problem only encourages the bad behavior since it takes you out of the calm controlling posture required to be effective.I eventually gave up on it . Good concept , bad design . Would have been much better if it used less expensive , more common alkalines or rechargables .
 This collar started repeatedly shocking my dog over and over . My boyfriend had to take the shock to his fingers to get it off in a hurry . We are all traumatised .
 i bought this product though a pet store and it worked great for about two weeks , the range on it was awesome , now i have to be within 15 feet of my dog for it to work . new batteries didnt help either .
 This will deter your dog from barking , but the cost for battery replacement is expensive . Setting the dial to a lower shock number is helpful , and it only takes a couple warning sounds followed by a short zap to get the point across . After which , sound warnings will do the job . But , even after only using sound to warn your dog , the batteries run down quite quickly and will need to be replaced every 6-10 days .
 We have an 8 month old great dane . We followed the instructions , and used the training guide it came with . We have a pretty obedient dog , except when we 're at the park and she decides to chase someone riding past her on a bike . She only wants to play , but the terrified bike rider just sees a 110 + lb dog ready to kill them . :-RRB- We hoped that this would get her attention at a distance . Unfortunately the collar did n't do anything for her . She does n't care that its on her , no matter what setting we put it at . She still chases bikes and dogs . Also , unless you are pointing it directly at the receiver , it does n't work . So when the dog is running away from you it did n't work . We tried changing the batteries , and troubleshooting with the company , but nothing has worked . Basically , we 're still working on training and have done much better without the use of the collar . If anything , the collar just aggravated her more because it was bulky .
 This is the 2nd time I have purchased this brand/model collar.Pro 's
 I bought this product with a life-and-death importance . My rescue Great Dane is aggressive toward cats . I tried the collar on myself and turned the shock rating up to 5 before I got a little jolt . Then I tried it on my dog and calibrated according to the instructions . I presented the cat and got limited reaction even on the highest 10 setting . I tried the collar on myself on bare skin . I felt a shock about one in four times -- on my bare skin.This product is unreliable .
 The product works GREAT for our lab . Unfortuntaley , our Vanilla lab tore it right off the Choclate lab 's neck and ate it . If you buy this collar , take te unit off the snap collar and drill holes thruigh a BUCKLE collar and then attach it . Otherwise , you 'll end up with a $ 100 chunk of chewed plastic .
 Disappointed with this product . It states it delivers a correction up to 300 feet . It was unreliable when out in the open . it does not work unless the control and dog are facing each other . If the dog is running away from the person it did n't work consistently or even at all if the animal was more than 150 feet away .
 I recently purchased this product and found that the remote is n't working properly . There appears to be a short or a poor connect in the remote button that activates the collar . I have to push several times to get it to work , if it will work at all . I am exchanging the device for another . When it did work , it worked as expected .
 Bought this for over 100.00 . It has about 1/4 distance when it actually works . The batteries last about half of what they tell you . DONT BUY .
 Batteries run out quickly on the reciever . It worked well at first , then quickly lost it 's consistency . I would press the button up to 10 times before I heard a beep . My dog did not do well with it . Currently looking for another one , and wishing I had not spent $ 100 + on this item .
 The first two would not work . The third one worked about one week . Even if it did work it kills the battery over night .
 Could not get a shock out of most numbers . 4 would work sometimes , maybe 10 . Other numbers , could get no response . I also borrowed my neighbors model which was the exact same . Any number under 4 would not work . I would not recommend this product .
 Does not work on long hair dogs . If your dogs has long hair , do not even bother ! Secondly it just falls apart . Within a week the metal pins had fallen off so I needed to order more . After a month , the collar completely broke and it wont do any stimulation , it will only beep . It does not work 100 yards , It 's lucky if it worked 4 feet . And if you live in a cold climate -LRB- anything under 30 F -RRB- the collar will stop working after being outside for 10 minutes . I was VERY disappointed . Just spend the extra 40 bucks and buy one that you can use and rely on .
 product worked well . but fell just died after 2 months . bought a replacement . did not hold up any longer .
 This product is good for 20-40 yards , not the 100 that they claim . I did sent it back to seller and bought the Field Trainer collar instead and have been very happy with that . The battery on the Big Dog Trainer does need to be replaced often , whether you use the collar or not . It just does n't hold much power at all.If you are in the market for a training collar , serious think of getting a rechargeable one , you will be much happier with it .
 I bought this remote/collar set from Petco . this was the cheapest collar in the store , so I bought it figuring my dog is only about 30 pounds and deaf so its not like he needs some crazy 400 yard sport dog collar . My first impression was that the remote is large and cumbersome , but I figured it would only be a minor irritation . I took my dog to the park , where I dropped by accident the remote on the grass , and the backing popped off . I figured maybe I did n't have it on right , so I put the remote back together ... Next time it fell the remote came apart again , and this time I lost the backing and couldnt find it at all . Needless to say I returned the collar the next day and bought the next most expensive model -LRB- also by petsafe -RRB- which I have not had any problems with . This one however is a waste of good money . Spend the extra 30 dollars and get something well put together .
 This Shock Collar is unreliable and not worth a cent.We have a Tritronics now which works just perfect .
 Batteries only lasted for a few hours . Needed to keep replacing them ... purchased others ... same problem . Do n't waste your time on this collar . Get a sportdog trainer instead
 I bought this to help train my golden retriever . He has been jumping up on cars that come into the driveway . First , the collar is huge , there has to be a good foot of extra collar - what size dog this is for , I do n't know . I am afraid to cut off the excess - afraid the collar will unravel . He chews on the excess . Second , when it is activated he simply turns his head and continues his behavior . By the size it appears to be made for a large dog , but does not give enough oomph for a big dog . I consider this to be a huge waste of money .
 This did not work on my American Bulldog . It DID manage to get his attention on walks for the first time I used it , but after that he no longer cared . The shock feature is useless , as the collar does not stay tight enough for it to maintain contact with the skin . Plus , I was n't really so hot on using this on my dog anyway , I was desperate lol . Waste of money , better spent on a trainer .
 I purchased an older model , new from Petsafe and it requires CR 2032 batteries . It is very inefficient . They put small batteries in the collar that require them to be changed often . A cost of $ 4.50 to change the batteries every few weeks makes the PetSafe collars far too expensive to operate . They should have put rechargeable AA or AAA batteries in the collar instead . I will never buy one again . Now , it 's time to buy again and it looks like they are still using batteries that are too small .
 I have used the product very little , goes through batteries fast and now it does not work at all . First the shock stopped and then the beep stopped . Do not waste you money . Used a total of about one month .
 This piece of junk does n't work at all ... put new batteries in -LRB- several times -RRB- and NOTHING ! I 'm way too busy to send stuff back , so I 'm screwed . Very , very annoying and expensive mistake .
 I only tried it twice because my dog -LRB- 85lb American Staffordshire Terrier , AKA pit bull -RRB- is so easily freaked out that her only response was to yelp and run to her safe hiding place . She could make no connection to a behavior or command at all . Yes I tried it on myself first out of curiosity , no real big deal . I never had it turned up past 1/2 way . Now I 'm stuck with $ 60 worth of electronics I do n't want .
 Bought this to help train my Flat-coated Retriever . She listens well when nobody is around but the instant someone is walking their dog or the neighbor comes out she goes shooting over there . She 's not aggressive but thinks everyone is a long-lost friend . I live in the country on a flat lot with no obstructions . This collar works up to about 6ft and beyond that nothing . If the dog is facing a direction where the internal collar antenna is facing straight at me it seems to work to about 30-40ft . When the dog changes directions it 's not until I 'm within arm 's reach that it decides to work . Waste of $ 125 .
 I 've been wanting to try one of these collars for a while , and finally decided on this one . I was kind of disappointed , but then again , I guess you get what you pay for . I can never get this thing to work properly on a continual basis . It seems to have a mind of it 's own on if it will work or not . Just testing before even putting the collar on my dog , 6 time out of 10 it would n't work -LRB- testing the tone -RRB- The push button for the on/off could have been designed better , and the buttons on the remote are kind of sensitive . Just slightly pressing the button , the light would come on , but not send a signal to the collar.I would n't buy this again . But maybe I just got a bad unit
 for $ 83 bucks after tax it should last longer than 2 years . Also battery time does n't last that long -LRB- about a week for a heavy barking dog -RRB- batteries cost about $ 2 each
 We purchased this training collar at a local store for our 70lb , 9 month old , female Lab . We followed the instructions , making sure we had the best shock level and skin contact.When it worked , it did just what it was suppose to do . Being on the lower price end we were n't expecting much distance range . But the sound was prompt and we appreciated that if the knob was bumped up , it took several to register as a higher shock level.However , it seemed like every time we went to use it , it was off . I would have to call our dog too us , grab her collar , turn the collar back on , and by then , what 's the point ? She no longer knew what was being corrected . We still are n't sure it if turned itself off , or if she was hitting the On/Off button accidentally . The On/Off button is recessed , but in a curve that makes it very easy for a playful , inquisitive Lab to hit it on everything . Within a week the Beeping function was delaying and making a weird whine , like a dying battery-powered toy . So , we replaced the batteries . No change . We replaced the batteries again , still no change . Eventually we got so tired of it never being on when we went to correct her that we took it off and put it in a drawer.I would n't recommend this product to anyone . We are now looking for another , keeping an eye on the On/Off location on the collar and reading reviews .
 I should have never listened to family or the pet store when they told me to try this collar ! I read the reviews and thought this would work but instead it made things WORSE ! It is spotty in working first off ! The low setting did nothing and when I went up to 6 or 7 my dog freaked ! I only used it three or four times and maybe should n't have jumped up the level so high but she was confused , certainly in pain and lunged at me ! Now she is skittish , does n't trust me and wo n't go to the side yard . I took 10 steps backwards ! Worst mistake I 've ever made . Do n't make my mistake !
 I followed the instructions that came with this item on how to find the correct number for my dog without harming her . I set it on 3 , and she did not show any signs of feeling the signal , but when setting it to 4 , she nearly jumped out of her skin . From that point on , whenever I would putt the collar on her , she would put her tail between her legs , ears down , and would not budge . I think she was figuring if she did n't move , she would do nothing to warrant the shock.I knew ahead of time that the product was non-returnable , and I quickly found out why . Why on earth would a company agree to accept a product back if it does not work as advertised , because if they did , they would have a warehouse full of returned items , and an empty bank account.I spoke with the seller and Amazon explaining my case , and it got me absolutely nowhere . It discourages me that a seller will not stand behind it 's product , and discourages me even more that Amazon would not intervene and make things right . I wanted the product , I wanted the product to work as advertised , but that was not the case , and I therefore stuck with an extra item in my junk drawer.PLEASE LOOK AT OTHER SELLERS BEFORE BUYING FROM THESE GUYS .
 I used the shock collar just for one session . Shocked my dog 4 times . When he received a shock he stopped and looked confused . I think the shock collar is similar to electrical shock therapy . It may destroy brain tissue.Before I used it on my dog I touched the terminals with the fingers of one hand and pressed the shock button . It was painful and my forearm still feels a little strange , even days later.We wanted the collar to stop our dog from running away . We will try using a long cord to catch him when he takes off and then will yell at him when we pull him in . Hope that works better.Amazon.com is nice anyway , they took the shock collar back .
 the collar i recieved was okay , a bit of a problem getting it to work , until i figured out that the batteries sent with the product were weak.so i purchased the correct and should i say more batteries.do amazon have a problem with batteries ?
 Used this on my black lab to stop jumping . Was hesitant to use it because the idea of using electric shock is horrifying to me . Tested it on myself and felt it was the most inhumane and cruel treatment one could use to train anyone or anything . Was also working at a vet clinic at the time when a dog came in with electrical burns around his neck and down his chest from shock collar use . This did it for me . I threw it in the trash and realized the reason my dog was jumping was because I was not spending the necessary time with him to help him learn appropriate behavior . If you want your dog to behave use positive reinforcement , clicker training and take lots of time . It took us 5-10 minute sessions up to ten times a day until the jumping was controlled . Although it was time consuming it was done with respect and love and he is a most faithful companion based on a relationship of trust . If I had actually used this device , we would have a relationship based on fear . This device is a torture device and should never be used on anything that you love .
 I had to return this collar as the my dog did not respond at all to the noise making devise .
 I have two mad barkers . I tried this on the smaller of our two dogs first and noticed he had no reaction . So , I took the collar off of him and tried it on my own arm . Sometimes the shock came when I pushed the remote control button and sometimes it did n't , regardless of what new batteries I used . I took it to the store where I bought it -LRB- Pet Smart -RRB- and exchanged it . The 2nd model did the same thing . You ca n't train/teach a dog without reliable consistency . Therefore , I give this aide one star . It is too expensive to be unreliable !
 I have never written a review before but after my experience with this collar I felt I should . I really enjoy reviews because it helps guide me with my product decision so I hope this helps somebody out there.First off , I purchased this collar for my 55 pound lab mix . He 's a great dog but spent the first 10 months of his life in a shelter . Bottom line he 's got a few issues and while he has grown out of a lot of them he needed a little extra push to make him the outstanding dog he deserves to be.The PetSafe Deluxe Big-Dog Trainer seemed like a reasonable choice give the price point and the range it claims . The collar seemed fairly well made however the remote feels cheaper than an old TV remote . From a functionality standpoint the collar seemed to work OK for the first 6 hours of use then it randomly became intermittent . Not a problem you want to have when a random training opportunity presents itself . After 1 day of use it got to the point where when testing with the included light I was n't able to send a signal to the collar within 12 inches . I did some research online and found out that many people experienced the same issue and had no luck with replacement units . I understand this is n't the most expensive collar but for $ 80 I at least expect it to function as advertised . I really feel that Amazon should discontinue selling this item given that it does n't work.If you are really serious about wanting a training collar I would highly suggest Dogtra . We ordered a Dogtra model from Amazon and have had zero issues with this high quality collar . I 'm not trying to push Dogtra but just letting you know what worked for me.Hope you find this useful !
 I purchased the collar in November 2009 , it worked on and off , with very limited range . However , a few months later it has malfunctioned and burned my dog and left her with a burned area of raw skin over the majority of her neck.DO NOT BUY THIS COLLAR
 When the collar works , it can be a very useful training aid . The problem that I had was that the device only worked intermittently . Sometimes it would only beep , or would not operate until the collar unit was reset by powering ON/OFF . After power cycling , it would work for a couple of presses , then intermittently again . Not sure what the problem was.One of the reasons I got the unit was to stop the dog from barking at night , so I had to have the unit ON through the night . This causes the unit to eat through batteries pretty fast -LRB- two to three days -RRB- , and the button type batteries are not cheap . Combining that with the unreliable operation , this thing is junk . The power switch is unnecessarily complex . Overall , I tried to use this for about ten days and gave up . It now sits in the junk drawer . Good idea , but the unit I got is crap .
 I purchased this `` waterproof collar '' to assist in training my dog . He learned quickly that the tone was immediately followed by a shock if whatever behavior he was exhibiting did not stop . Sadly , I have a dog that enjoys the sprinkler system ... and I found out that the collar was not waterproof . I now found myself out $ 130.00 for a training collar that only lived about two months.I contacted PetSafe and braced myself for a fight while attempting to get them to honor their `` Lifetime Warrantee , '' but was pleasantly surprised that they were both responsive and courteous . The support employee on the phone immediately stated that he was not comfortable with trying to repair a unit that had been wet on the interior , and he immediately shipped a new unit with a return postage label for the broken unit.While I do not think this product is everything it could be , the warrantee and the support from PetSafe motivated me to change my initial rating from 2 stars to four .
 This was the best thing when we first got it . Our lab mix puppy was like a new dog . And then it stopped working , and then it worked , and then it stopped working and that kind of defeated the purpose . Although some of her behaviors were somewhat corrected -LRB- only need to say `` no '' once , as opposed to over and over -RRB- , without the consistency , some behaviors have reverted back . I had amazon replace the original and the second one did the same thing . I 'm afraid when it comes to these training collars , you get what you pay for . I am now ordering a Dogtra training collar as I have friends with personal experience on how great they are , but am paying a much higher price tag . It will be worth it to have our puppy become the pup we know she can be . I would n't recommend this training collar , but do recommend training collars in theory .
 I was very excited to receive this based on reviews , but I am more than disappointed . In fact , I am returning the unit.When the unit works as designed , it is wonderful for training . Please note I said WHEN.There are two problems.First , the on/off switch is attached to the collar , which is just a little rubber button that you push in , as opposed to a switch that you would put into an on position . The unit is constantly turned off . The only thing I can imagine is that when our dog is playing -LRB- she is a big dog -RRB- that her toys are pushing the button in and turning it off . It is not a problem with the batteries.Secondly , once I have made sure that the collar unit is on , when I try to correct the dog , i need to be very close to her . I would say less than 10 feet . This does not work very well since by the time I approach her with the remote , she starts to approach me , tail wagging . Hence , I am not able to correct the bad behavior at all .
 We have an old english bulldog and it did n't work on him . The customer service said it would when I called inquiring about the product . The battery did n't stay tight so the remote did n't work half the time . I ended up returning the product .
 I am very dissatisfied with the dog collar for the invisible fence . The replacement batteries are $ 10.00 each and I am going through 1 per month . That 's $ 120.00 per year ! Even if I turn it off all the time it is hard to get more then a month out of a battery . Why was n't it manufactured with rechargeable batteries like every other manufacturer?Save your money !!
 I have a Fluval 404 filter . All other carbon that I have bought for my filter has come in mesh bags to go in the plastic trays of the filter . This was one large plastic bag with loose carbon inside it . Even though the box says it is for a Fluval 404 filter , there is no way to use it in a 404 filter without some other kind of mesh bag to hold it.I am giving this one star because there was no indication that any other item needed to be purchased and this carbon by itself can not be used in the 404 filter even though they say it is for a 404 filter .
 The battery that accompanied the collar did n't work . I had to use the battery from my other dog 's collar just to be sure this collar worked . It seems to . Also , I was supposed to receive both the short probes and the long probes . I only received the short probes . Not very thrilled at this point .
 Unlike our other petsafe collar , this collar emits no sound . It looks like its supposed to . Nothing happens until the shock zaps you -LRB- or the dog -RRB- . Worthless since the dog is afraid to go outside now and never gets warned about the parimeter .
 I read all the reviews about the battery life , but took a chance anyway and I wish I 'd listened to everyone . We 've had the collar one month and the battery light is already flashing . I 'd say my dog was shocked 6 times total in the last month , so not very many to make the battery drain . I refuse to put a new battery in this collar every month so back it goes to PetCo and I 'm filing a complaint with Pet Safe . Our other two dogs have collars by PetSafe we bought 3 years ago and the batteries on those last almost a year . Bad product ! . UPDATED
 I purchased the RSC UL-275BM receiver in August 2011 and the battery light began flashing after a few days . Tried to reset battery as per Petsafe instructions and started blinking again after a few days . Sent receiver back to Petsafe and they quickly issued a new one . SAME ISSUE with the replacement so waiting to here what Petsafe is going to do about it now . I think there is a manufacturing defect with this collar ; my other 2 collars -LRB- not RSC UL-275BM -RRB- work fine . Very Frustrating !
 Like a lot of other reviews I am having problems with pet safe PUL-275 collar and low battery light flashing . I bought an extra set of 2 batteries and the light still flashes showing low battery . Pet Safe sent me a new collar and it still does the same thing showing low battery even with the new batteries and the battery that came with the collar . They are sending me a 3rd collar and will report on how it is doing soon . I asked the guy from pet safe if they were having problems with this collar or batteries and he said this was the first he had heard of problems . . WARNING Keep your receipt of PURCHASE for any warranty work .
 We had a PetSafe fence system for many years that we were very happy with . I bought the same one-setting PetSafe collar for our Norwich Terrier puppy that we had used w/our beagle that passed away . When the NT pup inevitably got a correction , very much unlike our Beagle , she became terrified and would n't go back into the yard . So , we carried her out to the yard , and she would run back to our deck and stay there . We took a break in the fence training and bought the PUL-275 . Once we received the new collar , we started training her again , and set the collar to its lowest setting . She occasionally got a correction in the beginning , but when she did , she seemed surprised and just backed away from the line and continued roaming our yard . I think it is a matter of temperament that one collar was very successful with one of our dogs but not with the other and vice versa . We have n't changed the setting for our puppy , the lowest , and after a month , so far , so good . I 'm glad we have higher settings since it 's possible we might need them in the future . The batteries may be an issue as others mentioned . The collar just started flashing.Update
 The features of the collar work well . I bought it to replace a Petsafe ProLite collar that failed after many years of service . The only issue is finding replacement RFA-67 batteries that are fully charged . The old collar used standard cell batteries , but this collar requires the RFA-67 , which uses a Petsafe proprietary from factor . I 've tried buying replacements from several stores and found that the low battery indicator will light up immediately or a few days after installing the replacement battery . There seems to be an issue with the shelf life of the replacement batteries . However , I found that several vendors are selling RFA-67 adapters that allow you to use normal CR2032 cell batteries with the collar.UPDATE
 My 2 dogs have used the invisible inground fence for years without a problem -LRB- old collars -RRB- . When my friends 3 dogs moved in , I bought 3 RSC UL-275BM collars . The first collar 's battery failed immediately and I returned the collar . The batteries in the other 2 collars failed within 3 months - outside the Amazon return period . The collar indicates battery failure via a blinking light . I contacted petsafe who advised to reset the unit by removing the battery and draining the capacitor . Did not work . Old collars work well . I have not located any info on battery failures on these units but 3 failures is not acceptable .
 Overall , the product seems to work , but not in the most satisfactory manner . The battery lasted less than a week before the `` low battery '' light began flashing and the red collar is pretty low-quality with a closing mechanism that is easily busted.I bought this product because I already have a PetSafe fence and another dog with a PetSafe stubborn-dog collar . I did n't want to buy a stubborn-dog collar -LRB- which works wonderfully - with a non-proprietary 9v battery -RRB- for my new dog because he 's very timid and I think the strength of the shock would be too much for him . This was the only other option that did n't also require me to buy wire that I did n't need and that had adjustable settings.The proprietary 6v battery has received horrible reviews before -LRB- apparently the DOA battery is not uncommon -RRB- and is quite expensive -LRB- the PetSafe brand runs $ 7 for a 2-pack -RRB- . But the lack of other options does n't leave a consumer with much choice . I did go with the non-name brand RFA-67 battery 10-pack offered by another seller , and it received somewhat better ratings , but the collar still burns through a battery a month.The collar has also received poor reviews from other people . I solved the problem by removing the receiver and attaching it to a sturdy leather collar - which I had to buy separately , adding to the cost of the product overall . -LRB- Attaching it to another collar is relatively easy to do , btw , just use a drill to create two holes in the leather collar at the same width as the shock prongs -RRB- . So , overall , the receiving mechanism works , and the adjustable settings are great , but the battery is worthless and the collar is close to worthless . Here 's hoping PetSafe comes out with a better alternative ...
 I have a 20 pound puppy who was properly trained to use the in ground electric fencing system . I bought this collar as a replacement after the old one fell off and was lost . The new collar which has multiple settings failed to keep him in the yard , he strolled right across the line and did n't pay any mind to the correction that was made -LRB- with his old collar he would stop in his tracks when he would trigger the warning beeps -RRB- I was hoping that this collar would do the same , but I now know why this collar was so inexpensive compared to the last one . Lesson learned in the future I will be sticking with what I know works .
 Original review - see edit below ... So far this product has worked very well with the pet safe system that I have . I have two other dogs that have the large stubborn dog collars that use the standard 9V battery . The stubborn dog collar was too large for the puppy that I have . I read some reviews about this product that the warning sound being too low to hear and complaints about it not having a vibrate feature . I ca n't hear the sound unless I stick it right up to my ear , but the puppy can hear it very well . I spent some time taking him out by the boundary for training . The puppy , only being 12 weeks old learned where the boundary is right away . You can tell the puppy hears the noise because he will immediately turn around as soon as he hears it . There have been a couple of times that the puppy got the static charge . This does make him yelp , and once he figures out what happened he goes right back to playing and having fun . I did have to set the collar on the second static correction level for the puppy to feel it . As far as battery life , it has been over a month and I have n't had to replace it yet.Changed review to 2 stars.Now that the puppy has gotten older this small dog radio collar is no longer effective . My dog would go to the boundary and stand there letting the collar correct him . He would stand there twitching slightly . Eventually , by design , the collar stops correcting the dog . New batteries have been installed with no change in the collars function . Correction setting at highest level did not change anything either . I did verify that it was working with the test light . Either this collar is not working properly or the static correction is too low for my dog now . Now that the puppy is bigger I put the stubborn dog collar on him . Since I did this he will not go outside the boundary .
 My experience with the older model may help . It uses std 9 volt batteries Lower cost!It has been good for 3 years + but recently started flashing after new battery insertedManual says remove battery & hold correction level set button `` until the light goes out '' There was no light so held for a few sceonds only -- no better . Petsafe tech said $ 40 for replacement receiver . I tried a new approach I held the correction set button for about 30 seconds even tho the light was out all the time . Installed new battery & everything works again ! Typical battery life has been 6 months + This model is still available & is a better option I think .
 This collar seems to be defective as it does n't work consistently . My dog has escaped from the yard twice now so I will have to purchase another collar .
 I bought this collar to go along with our Petsafe Stubborn dog fence and it does n't work - our dog literally sits right on top of the inground wire . Unlike the stubborn dog collar , this one does n't have a dial to increase the tone/shock . We 're having a hard time training our dog because we ca n't hear the tone , so we could n't tell when to pull the dog back - which did n't really matter , because he never got shocked anyway . I 'm going to see if I can return or exchange it for another stubborn dog collar .
 This item , as of today , is still on back order with this vendor . It is NOT in stock as the page says . If you are Prime , you will be disappointed . They have no status on when they will ship . Look elsewhere .
 I do not own one of these , and i would never resort to shocking my pet for any reason , nor would i suggest that anyone do this to their pet . if you feel the need to shock your pet , just to keep him in the yard , then maybe you should get a caged singing Bird .
 Worst product for your money . After one week of use the pH level goes down 0.4 . Carbonate hardness goes down 25 ppm and it gives the a yellow brown color to your water .
 i bought this because my fish prefer soft water . well , this product is only good for the select fluval filters . anything else and its just a waste of money.no clue if its any good for the fluval filters either , or if fluval filters themselves are good .
 I bought this for my 30gal freshwater tank - I recently added two pictus to my tank and the ammonia levels soared . . but only after adding this product . When I took it out and just used my regular filter media -LRB- activated carbon and cotton balls -RRB- my ammonia levels went back to normal . However , during the process , I did lose one pictus - but I think he was sick anyway , he had cloudy eye and was n't doing as well as the other.Anyhow , I use a tetra whisper filter . I do n't think I will be trying this product out again.One positive note , It did soften my water and make it more acidic - too acidic actually . My pH often tested around 6.2 . . but most of my fish are happier around 6.8 . Only did one thing that it promised .
 These pills stink . Good luck getting your cat to eat them crumbled in food - I think it 's safe to assume it 's similar to getting a child to chew a multivitamin . And even better luck to trying to force open the cat 's jaw as you are mounted over it , to drop this relatively enormous pill down it 's throat . Save your money - drop your cat at the vet and let them do it .
 When i first purchased 2 fx5 , this was one of the recommended product to buy with along with the bio-max . Let me say that you do n't need this item , as its a complete waste of money and space in your fx5 . There are way more better media than this . Many people i have search on the the web have opt to have their fx5 loaded with nothing but bio-media .
 A picture of the whole plant would be more helpful . To me , it 's not very large . I would n't have paid the price if I 'd known how big it really was , but it works .
 A picture of the whole plant would be more helpful . To me , it 's not very large . I would n't have paid the price if I 'd known how big it really was , but it works .
 I have tried everything to get my cat to use it . I have sprayed catnip on it . My cat perches on the top of it . She does n't use it as a scratching post . It 's a good product , but my cat does n't know what to do with it .
 This scratching post and others like it are horrible . First it 's made out of carpet -- the same material you cover your floors with -LRB- hint
 A picture of the whole plant would be more helpful . To me , it 's not very large . I would n't have paid the price if I 'd known how big it really was , but it works .
 I placed these into the AQ and in two weeks they were broken , due granted I do have two Oscars but still a product could be better than this .
 Was used last winter for our dog and is already broken . Will not heat up . Do not waste your money .
 I bought this for my 16 year old cat so she would be warm and comfy with her arthritis . As directed , I put it under the pad of her pet bed . It get very hot . When it 's on , it gives off a strong odor of plastic which I do n't want to inhale , and I certainly do n't want . My cat never stayed on it or more than a minute .
 NOT happy at all with this order . First they got it wrong . Now its taking FOREVER to recieve the new ones to replace it . I need it for my puppies and I do n't have it . This order I wish I just shopped local .
 The photo shows a circuit breaker type electrical plug , which was my deciding factor when I choose this heater . BUT the photo is incorrect ; just a standard plug on this heater .
 What a difference two years make . The `` same '' new PetMate heating pad that arrived today weighs about half as much as the first one that I ordered from Amazon less than two years ago . Thin corrugated plastic -LRB- a little heavier than a plastic straw -RRB- covers the cord on the new one vs. a coated corrugated metal that covers the old cord . Also , the new heating pad has the `` PetMate '' name stamped on it , but came in a box that had a generic brand name - No mention of `` PetMate '' . I purchased PetMate , expecting a durable , quality product . What I received today from Amazon appears to be a cheap , disposable product . Shame on Amazon and PetMate ! No more Amazon Petmate orders from this multiple pet owner .
 This product stopped functioning after about 6 months of usage despite all instructions having been followed to the letter . I resent paying good money for an unreliable product ... explore alternatives before opting for this brand !
 My small amazon parrot bit through the plastic -LRB- rubber -RRB- string that holds the whole thing together in less than 1 minute !!!! Not recommended unless you want only toy parts .
 After using the bitter apple on the oriental area rug in our bedroom and spraying the carpet twice , our dog was caught still chewing on the carpet . Unfortunately , this product did not work for us at all .
 This stuff did not stop my pet from chewing . I actually tasted it to see how bitter it is -- alas , it 's relatively mild . Methinks a more concentrated bitter apple might work -- less fillers like alcohol and more of the essential bitter apple flavor . Perhaps I 'll try cooking it to reduce the volume and intensify the flavor ... . Meanwhile I 'll continue the search . If anyone finds something more effective please post a reply .
 This was n't a deterrent for my pit bull puppy , who chewed on everything in sight in spite of my using Bitter Apple . I think the biggest drawback is that it dries out too fast , thus quickly losing any effectiveness . Once she moved past the crazy puppy stage into reward - and praise-based obedience training , the command `` leave it '' gives me the positive result I was looking for .
 I bought this to keep my puppy from chewing on stuff . Turns out he loves it . He chews up whatever I spray . I tried putting some on my finger and held it out to him . He started licking it off my finger while wagging his tail . Thought it was a treat.since that did n't work I tried some hot pepper spray from Ace hardware - Now that works great !
 My dog does not care if this stuff smells bad to humans , apparently it is not offensive enough to deter his behavior .
 This product did n't seem to work for me . I have two 1 year old Siamese Cats , sprayed my rugs completely , and they still continue to chew , tear , and lift my rugs just as they did before I sprayed them . Possibly there is a better product that is specific for cats out there , have n't found it yet .
 This product did not work , my dog still licked herself and even licked this product off of herself , was very disappointed , wasted my money .
 Did n't work for my pup . As soon as i sprayed it on his feet i turned around for a second ... and he was licking it off !
 My dog suddenly decided to chew up his wooden barred play containment area . Nothing would stop him . Until this ! This stopped his chewing immediately . And he once again decided his rawhide chews were wonderful.But then he decided he really liked this stuff , and actually increased the chewing of his pen . The center bar of his pen is now almost chewed through . I do n't know what I am going to do now !
 Thought it sounded to good to be true ... something so simple as to just spray and the problem was gone . Our pitbull still chews up everything reguardless of using the spray ...
 It deters ... until it wears off in 30 mins or so or until my golden retriever has accidentally rubbed it off . So , to really make it work you have to constantly reapply it to whatever surface or material you want your dog to avoid . That 's tedious and a waste of money because you just have to keep buying it and applying it all the time . Save yourself the money and just be super vigilant when she is with you and reinforce with &#34; NO ! &#34; and giving your dog her toy in place of whatever you want her to NOT chew on . My golden used to put her mouth on everything and she pretty much only chews her toys now because that 's what I did .
 I wish I had read through these reviews a little better and did n't purchase purely based on ratingthe contents of this item are 20 % isopropanol , bitters principals , and extractsisopropanol alcohol is rubbing alcohol ! dogs hate the smell the same way as humans hate the smell - because who wants to sit there and inhale those fumes?i tried to link SIDE EFFECTS OF INHALING ISOPROPYL ALCOHOL but amazon wont let me - research it yourself though - imagine exposing a puppy to that with their little developing brains . would you let your infant inhale rubbing alcohol fumes?why would i want to do this to my 3 month old pomeranian : / AND alcohol evaporates really quickly so after a few minutes , its gone , so Mr. Nibbles continues to nibble awaysave your money :| I started yelling like a harpy every time he attacks my toes , seems to work ;-RRB- probably bothers my neighbors though
 I was hoping to use this as a deterrent for my puppy chewing on inappropriate things but it does n't seem to work . The label on the bottle is different than some of the descriptions I read before purchasing this item .
 Using this product is like spraying water on something . I did not deter my dogs one bit . I think they should make an alum tasting spray . That may work .
 I have a 9 year old basset hound who has been eating his foot pad for a few weeks and just keeps making it worse . Our vet said to try bitter orange but this was the closest that I could find . I rub some neosporin on the pad then spray some of this on his foot . One problem ... it 's rubbing alcohol and/or nail polish remover . I felt really bad and my dog got pretty upset about it . He does n't bite his foot but he still licks at it . I 'm not really that impressed as it does n't smell or taste like sour/bitter apple . Just like nail polish remover . I 'm worried that it will make him sick so I 've stopped using it .
 Maybe I have a bad bottle or something but I ca n't tell that my dogs mind it all . I tasted it myself and did n't find it very objectionable . I do not recommend this product at all .
 My dog is not deter d by this product at all . I would look into another product . maybe a pepper product would work but this was a complete waste .
 EVEN THOUGH I DID N'T BUY THE PRODUCT FROM AMAZON , I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE A GOOD DEED TO PROVIDE A REVIEW . THIS PRODUCT IS WORTHLESS . OUR 16 WEEK OLD YORKIEPOO IS NOT THE LEAST BIT TURNED OFF BY IT . SHE MUST THINK IT 'S WATER OR SOMETHING . OUR EXPERIENCE WITH THIS PRODUCT , AND OVER THE YEARS , NATURE 'S MIRACLE PRODUCTS , HAS BEEN THAT THEY ARE ALL A RIP OFF , AND FAIL TO PERFORM AS ADVERTISED . JUST ANOTHER PRODUCT FOR SALE TO SEPARATE PET OWNERS FROM THEIR MONEY . SO SAVE YOUR MONEY ; STAY AWAY FROM THESE PRODUCTS AND THEIR OUTRAGEOUS CLAIMS .
 I tried this yesterday because it was cheap and recommended to me by many . Unfortunately my dog happily licked it up as soon as I sprayed it on anything . I hid her and sprayed it while she was n't looking and then she licked it all off everything I did n't want her to chew . About an hour later , she threw up everything in her stomach . Another hour after that she was retching again because this stuff made her sick . I returned it to the store I got it from . It may work for some people , so take my review with a grain of salt , but it did not work for our German Shepherd puppy .
 I got this in today 's deliveries . Applied to my lickie lickie dog ... yup it 's VERY bitter ... I got some -LRB- unbeknownst to me -RRB- on my hand and ultimately in my OWN mouth !! It 's awful !!! 6 hours later -- the dog has sopping wet feet as she licks them to DEATH . This stuff did n't even work for one day -- not at all ... she was so intent on licking she did n't even see me approaching!Back to the drawing board !
 I FIGURED OUT HOW TO FIX THE COLLAR WHEN THE COLLAR DOES NOT RESPOND EVEN AFTER PUTTING IN NEW BATTERIES.OPEN THE CASE AND REMOVE THE BATTERY HOUSING . THEN TAKE A BUTTER KNIFE AND DIRECTLY IN THE MIDDLE OF THECIRCUIT BOARD IS A LITTLE METAL ARM , GENTLY PRY THE ARM UPWARD SO IT MAKES BETTER CONTACT WITH THE BATTERIESIN THE HOUSING . THIS IS MY SECOND COLLAR AND WAS PRETTY FRUSTRATED THAT IT NEVER WORKED AFTER A FEW MONTHS.NOW IT DOES ! THIS IS A GREAT DEVICE FOR MY CAT WHO LIKES TO URINATE IN CERTAIN AREAS OF THE HOUSE . WORKS GREAT !!!! NOW THAT I FIXED IT I WILL GIVE THIS ITEM 5 STARS !!!!!
 I ordered this to use with my cats around Christmas time . I put my Christmas trees up in my dining room and thought this would be perfect to keep them out of my trees . I did not order an extra collar thank goodness , so at first I put the collar on the cat that gets into the most trouble with my trees . He walked up to the transmitter and laid down next to it . My son actually touched the prongs to see if it was shocking and it was working but my cat seemed to like it . He would lay next to it whenever he had the collar on . Then I put it on my other cat to see what kind of reaction he would give . He had no reaction to this device either . Maybe I have strange cats , but this really had no effect on my cats .
 I returned this product since I did n't find out until it arrived that it can not be located near large metal objects such as the refrigerator or stove .
 Well bought it to prevent my dog from going to the cat litter and eating the cat POO . Simply not working ... . The dog does not feel the shock at all . The pitch noise does not seem to bother her as much as the temptation .
 This thing is a piece of junk . Does n't work . Some days it 's strong and other days it 's weak . Regardless , my dog proudly marches past it and pees on my rug . I have her collar on as snug as humanely possible and the shocker still does n't phase her one bit .
 My cat has been sneaking out the dog door and I bought this to try and keep her inside . The only difference it made is that she just went through the door faster to get the shock over with quickly .
 I was not totally pleased with this product . Purchased it to deter dog from going near trash . It is very inconsistent and when training a pet consistency is the name of the game . It will not work in the same area all the time sometimes it works and other times it doesnt . It is sending mixed signals to pet . and aslo with an intellegent beagle she has also figured out that the collar needs to be on for her to get signal and you are suppose to have collar on for limited hours per day so this inconsistent product gets a thumbs down from us
 First of all , this product is VERY difficult to remove from the packaging , which seems almost welded on . Placed at the bottom of a staircase , it also has not deterred my somewhat long-haired cat from going upstairs to pee on the carpet there . The sound does not seem to bother her at all , though it might bother a dog ; it sounds like an alarm clock going off in a distant room . I think I would have to shave her to have the posts deliver the static charge .
 I ordered this item on June 17 . When I received it , it took me about a half an hour just to remove it from the plastic packaging even with a special tool to prevent wrap rage.Then , when I tried to put the strap around my dog 's neck , the plastic prong broke on the clasp . I called the company to report this and requested that a new strap be sent to me . I was told that it would cost $ 5.95 and when I balked , the person on the phone consulted with her supervisor and I was told a free strap would be sent ASAP . I am still waiting .
 Received system on 6/29 and set it up the same day . The collar rattled as if the batteries were loose but everything powered on okay and the collar made the appropriate chimes and delivered shocks . Fast forward to 7/3 , the collar and possibly the barrier had stopped working . Collar still rattled and when I shook it the back flew off . Cheap does n't even begin to describe this product . Sending it back for a refund and will probably avoid Petsafe products in the future .
 We bought it to keep our cat away from the dog door as she is an indoor only cat . I dont know if the setting is just to low on the collar . The beep noise would sound and she 'd walk right through it . I even used it it worked but the correction level is just to low . She just ignored it and would even sit next to the sensor even after shaving the hair off her neck . Sent it back and got a partial refund . CRAP !
 I bought 3 of these things and I 've used them for about 2 months so my review is pretty solid .1 . The range is half of what is advertised . About 5-6 feet maximum .2 . The plastic is very poor quality so the casing breaks easily . I ca n't close one of the battery doors because the plastic `` hook '' snapped off while being shipped to me . Also one of the collar adjustments snapped . From the breaks , its obvious that the plastic was n't melted properly -LRB- tiny bubbles -RRB- and so a little stressed caused it to split .3 . The metal connections to the battery are n't springy enough , so once in a while I have to bend them up a bit to complete the circut .4 . The collar quality is pretty low too . I have 3 dogs , and they simply chewed through each others collars with ease . They have n't been able to do that with any other collars .5 . The barrier is a bit slow to react sometimes so if your dog gets excited easily , he 'll run through the barrier so fast that he does n't notice the shock . This happens A LOT .6 . And worst of all , it does n't show in the picture , but the way this device works is the collar has two long metal prongs that MUST have contact with the dogs ' skin . For one , I worry about the comfort for my dogs , but also it is too difficult to get the prongs to make contact with the skin . My dogs ' fur is n't unusually long . Naturally one thinks that the best solution is to make the collar tighter . I 've made the collars so tight that I worry that its hurting my dogs , and it STILL does n't always make contact . The instructions even say that the dogs should n't wear the collar for more than 12 hours or else you risk damaging their skin.I was hopeful because so many other people gave this product good reviews , but now that I 've owned three , I ca n't understand how this product has managed to earn such a high review score . This is the first time I 've been disappointed by reading reviews.In conclusion , this is a pretty expensive device that just does n't work very well . If you love your pet , you 're not going to want to put this very uncomfortable looking device on them . And even if you feel that you 're desperate enough to make them wear this , its too difficult to make the prongs make consistent contact with the skin . Even if you manage this , they will be smart enough to run through the barrier if the barrier is protecting something like a door way .
 It was gret while it lasted ... . but it did not last ! After I invested in several pieces to this system , the collar suddenly stopped working . Amazon replaced it ... . but then THAT collar stopped working as well . Because Amazon only covers you for 30 days , I am forced to go back to the manufacturer . Buyer BEWARE ! This is a great system for only a short period of time !!! PetSafe Pawz Away Instant Pet Barrier
 Didnt work at all . Tried new batteries and everything . Dog never felt a thing ... really hoped it was going to work , she 's a digger !
 I have a very timid , small yorkie who we tried this on . It did n't work.We purchased it with the idea of using it on our cat who has behavioral elimination problems . He urinates on our bed occasionally so we thought a collar would help and we would n't have to shut our bedroom door all of the time . The cat would literally lay beside the base , the base would be beeping and he would n't get shocked and the noise did n't affect him . We sent this item back .
 Ordered three collars and only two worked . It was obvious that the product had been returned several times because there were still other people 's return labels in the box we received . Do not waste your time or money with this one .
 This item was not the answer to my issues with my cat . I bought it to keep her from going upstairs and peeing in my daughters room . 1st you should know that this thing is huge , especially when putting on a cat . 2nd the &#34; shock &#34; worked sporadically . I tried putting it in different locations but it did not help . 3rd unless I had the collar tightened to the point of choking her it kept turning so that the mechanism was in front of her throat . She is a pretty laid back cat so she did n't try to take it off but it looked so completely uncomfortable that I had to take it off .
 I bought this for my cat , cause it says it can be used on a cat . He keeps getting into food on the counter so I thought I could buy this to keep him off the counter . Well he is log haired and put it on as tight as I could and he felt nothing . It doesnt work dont get get waste of money and now I am stuck with it ! ; o -LRB-
 I dont understand but it DOES work ... but my dog doesnt respond to it !! walks right through it !! -LRB- pug -RRB- ...
 A few days after receiving the PetSafe Pawz Away Instant Pet Barrier , I attempted to use it only to find out the battery compartment seemed to be missing a tab to hold the battery tight . I used rubber bands to hold the battery in , as I needed to implement it right away . I called PetSafe and have heard nothing from them since . This was around March 20th . It is now April 10th . I am not very pleased .
 I purchased two transmitters and one collar . After one week the first transmitter was dead . No it was not a range problem , it was a product does not work issue . I even tested the coil with a magnaprobe . It was dead.A few days later the collar fell a part . My dog only wore the collar a few times.Now to an even bigger issue . The range setting is crap . After over an hour of testing , I finally determined that the problem was not setting the range or placement of the transmitter , it was the fact that the product is junk.I hope that someone saves themselves a few bucks and avoids this product . I have test three different parts of this company 's products and they are all garbage .
 I tried to set and reset this deice but nothing worked . My cat walked near it , sniffed it , walked around it , sniffed it again and then went into the livingroom ... the one place we are trying to deter him from . I am fresh out of options but this sure did not work . I will be returning this tomorrow . . unless someone can offer some advise as to what I am doing wrong to set it .
 We got a new cat that was constantly trying to run out the door , I bought this to see if that would help deter her from getting close to the door and all it did was beep . I had the distance set pretty close to the door , but no matter if she was 2 feet or 12 feet in front of the door it beeped . It got to where it drove us crazy . Mine was probably just defective since I read and followed the instructions carefully . If it had worked properly , this would have been exactly what I needed for the cat .
 This thing does n't workk ! I even have brand new batteries in it , with the range set to maximum.We have a problem with a cat that is peeing where the previous tenant 's dog did his business . We got this to keep our cat away from it . I set the item dead center in the area , fully cranked up on the range to keep her as far as possible . Guess what ... She 's still pissing !!! Here 's a video
 I used this to prevent my small dog from using a large dog door intended for our much larger dog . Due to the rural area that I live in I did not want my small dog getting outside while unattended . It seemed to work great in the beginning , however my dog quickly learned that if she jumped out the door FAST then she would n't get shocked . Myself and my husband double checked all the settings and increased the intensity but it definitely did not phase her .
 Bought this item for 45lb dog to keep her away from back door . This item did not work with a dog this big . I was told by customer service that it works for his small dogs in the house ... after I bought it . I do n't remember anywhere in description were it gave a weight limit . Like I said , probably good for smaller dogs , but not one my size .
 I received this unit in what looked like factory packaging . Upon opening it , I found the batteries were already installed in the collar . After looking closer , I found pet hair in the collar . I suspect this unit was returned , repackaged and reshipped WITHOUT checking the unit . This unit did n't work . I replaced the batteries with new batteries , no difference . I do n't know if there is a better quality unit available . I 'm returning this unit to Amazon for replacement . I 'll repost when I receive replacement .
 The product worked great when i first set it up . Easy to use just two buttons on the control unit to increase or decrease the radius of coverage . These also serve to reprogram the unit to control different collars . The unit had been in operation for a few weeks when i noticed that it did not seem to be deterring my dog . I checked it and the range had suddenly decreased to about 1 cm !! I replace the batteries in both the control unit and the collar and even with the range set to max it only worked in a 1cm distance . The unit is being returned and I 'm looking for another suitable replacement.Pros
 This did not work . It has to make perfect skin contact to work and if your dog has hair like mine , it wo n't . The rounded studs do not penetrate the hair . Do n't waste your money .
 My Pomerainain is 7 pounds . She hesitates but then walks straight through the ` barrier ' . This product does not work at all for her . I will be returning this product promptly .
 I had expected that our puppy would be warned by a tone before he was shocked . I held the collar on my hand , and moved within range of the barrier . The sound was simultaneous with the shock . Also , the shock was strong enough to be pretty unpleasant to me , and I outweigh our dog by a factor of 10 . I called Innotek , and they confirmed that there is no advance warning for the dog.and said that the shock would increase if the dog stayed within range . The product seems to work as advertised otherwise , and is much cheaper than those that do provide warnings , but there 's no way I would subject our dog to it . I returned it .
 The Zone DOES NOT function at 10 feet as described . The unit we received barely worked at 2 feet . Additionally , the collar is way too big for a small dog .
 We bought this for our 8 lb cat , to keep her away from the door -LRB- she likes to run out -RRB- . Well , it definitely works ... it shocked my husband when he tested it out on himself . However , it did n't phase the cat at all . I guess she wanted to go out more than she hated being shocked . There was also a few beeps and a delay before the shock , so many times she was long gone out the door before the shock even happened .
 Although the description said it was fine for cats , it looked too big and clunkly - and like it would be a torture device - for my 12 pound cat . I just could n't bring myself to even put it on him for fear it would really hurt him .
 Day 2 of having the barrier in place I caught my dog sniffing the transmitter . I know what you 're thinking the `` sensor was not on or not properly put on the dog . '' This is not true , I am a dog handler for the government , I assure you that everything was attached and activated properly . My personal dog was sniffing the transmitter it was beeping , but there was no change in the dogs behavior.There is no way that this product is going to HONESTLY prevent a dog from going into an area . It does work as a quiet alarm , but not as a static collar.I gave a 2 star review because as I mentioned it does work as a quiet beeping alarm .
 I need something to keep a bad cat from doing bad things on my bed ... . Thought this would work . No ... . Collar beeping away and the cat doing his business like nothing was happening . If the collar were any tighter , it would be too tight and cause chocking . The test light as well as me holding the probes proved that the collar was `` working '' . It just does not work on a cat .
 Seriously?I got it setup and working -LRB- tested it on myself -RRB- . To me the charge is definitely unfomfortable . But , to my dog , well , not so much . I know it 's working , I can actually see her neck muscles tighten and relax . But it offers no other effect than that . She still comes and goes as she pleases . In fact she laid next to it , all the while receiving the beep and charge . Sorry , but , this is an ineffective product in my case.The , dog by the way , is mixed breed of about 37 pounds .
 PetSafe Pawz Away Instant Pet BarrierPaid extra shipping to get this product fast enough to save my carpet.Upon reciept , the reciever collar was inoperative . This item was listed as used in excellent working order , it was obviously not tested prior to sale .
 Bought the collar in last week in April . It stopped working in only 3 months . Receivers still working , but collar is no good .
 I have 2 of these that I bought from a pet store about 3 years ago and they are still working just fine to this day . I need a third one that is why I decided to purchase the same thing but few dislikes about this one . First , the unit was n't new . It was boxed but it was obvious that its been used . Second , the unit only worked for about 3 weeks !
 This one was a great idea , but they were inconsistent , and went through batteries like crazy . Went with Invisible Fence for the outside fence , and purchased 3 of their barriers , which are rechargeable -LRB- unlike these ones -RRB- and seem to work much better .
 This product did not work at all on our short-haired cat who has a propensity to jump on our kitchen counters . Even with new batteries and the collar flashing as it `` shocked '' , our cat did n't feel anything ... completely worthless !
 manufacturer recommends moving the prongs every 1 to 2 hours . and removing collar after 12 hours . might as well use alternative measure to restrain dog.works some of the time . you guess when.prongs need to make direct and constant contact with dog 's skin . only way to assure this i found to be is making the collar too dangerously tight , so it became a choking hazard.when it was effective , with sufficient -LRB- not much -RRB- enthuesiasm , dog went through barrier.emitted barrier is quite weak . dog had to be directly , 180 degrees , in front of the unit for the signal to trigger the unit.returned to amazon .
 My cat was completely unaffected by this product . The prongs , which are exceedingly huge , were against his skin and yet he stayed in the zone and did not appear uncomfortable . I was uncomfortable when I trialed it on my arm . I returned the product .
 I want to warn pet owners if you do n't mind your dog or puppy being shocked ... . this is for you . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000A76ZYS/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI followed the instructions carefully did the test put the collar on my dog and he yelped like he was being shocked . He is a Shih-tzu so he has a thick coat . I felt horrible ! I immediately took the shock collar off of him , that is what it should be called because that 's what it is ! Then I wanted to see for myself . . ouch . . on the lowest setting this is painful and I have been through 3 cancer surgeries.DO NOT BUY THIS ! There are much more humane ways to protect your pet like a large indoor fence ... just deal with it if you ca n't watch your puppy every minute you need some kind of protection for him/her until he learns what is ok and what is n't . That is your job to teach him , but it is almost impossible to watch every single second . I will just buy a good indoor fence to limit his access .
 In theory , this should have been a great pet control device . However , the power of the actual collar unit was just too weak . You could hear it work , but my dog did n't react whatsoever . That 's especially bad , since he 's a small mini-pin . Overall , I would pass on this device since the collar needs refinement .
 We have a 3 year old Golden Retriever who loves to counter surf and take dirty dishes out of the sink as soon as we walk out the door . We 've tried everything with no luck , so we decided to give this system a try . It worked perfectly the first day , and she promptly left the kitchen as soon as she heard the beeps . By the second day however , the shock no longer deterred her . She 'll even stand there in the kitchen , and you can see her muscle twitching and it does n't seem to phase her at all . This was a complete waste of money for us .
 Maybe my dog 's neck fur is too thick , but she did n't flinch at all no matter how I placed it on her . I definitely could feel when tested it on myself to I know it worked . It did work on my small dog though -LRB- 12 pounder -RRB-
 Did n't work for our 12 pound terrier . Set it all up , put it on her , and she walked right up to the base unit and sat down next to it . SHe flinched slightly , as though it bothered her for a second , but she still didn ; t move . Read over the instructions carefully many times & followed all of the tips and suggestions -- nothing . Called the manufacturer , talked it over with customer support -- tried all their suggestions -- nothing . They kindly sent me a second collar unit , thinking maybe the first one was defective . The second one made no difference . It just didn ; t faze the dog , so I sent the whole thing back . Disappointing .
 After recieving the product it would not turn on . I open the reciever collar to check the batteries . They were installed , but I found the design to hold and close the batteries to be very poor . At this point I decided it was not worth it and decided to return the collar .
 Wife bought it to keep our small dog downstairs . Package was opened and missing nonslip pads , switch on the collar was on and batteries were dead . Swapped in a fresh set and the collar was still not working . Battery door on collar is garbage , very cheap and dosent stay locked . Sending this back tomorrow . I wouldnt recommend anyone buy this .
 I bought this pet safe barrier for my dogs . It arrived promptly . It worked well until my dog easily took it off and it took only one bite to render it useless . This device maybe more for cats since it can not withstand real dog abuse .
 The pet barrier system works fairly well , but we were disappointed to find out that there is no option to buy a remote transmitter so that you could use the same collar for training purposes . Seems ridiculous to have to buy a separate collar system and transmitter if you want a collar for training .
 Simply put , this product did n't work even on our cat.Details
 i used it for my cant and it didnt seem to bother her i changed the batterys , then tryed it myself it did work but she still ran outside i returned it over 2 weeks ago.tammy
 This device does not work . We tried it on a Shiba Inu and German Shepherd/Collie mix . Both dogs did not react to the shock or the sound . In fact , they both laid down right next to the transmitter . I am thinking this device will only work on dogs with no hair or dogs that are very skittish.Since it works better on humans , we will use it as a party toy ...
 I bought this product for my 3 pound kitten who has no sense of self preservation and would n't stop trying to get up onto the stove and counters in the kitchen . She 'll gobble up any vaguely qualifying food item without even tasting it , even though we keep food out for her that she likes 24/7 . For this reason , we have to keep her confined to a bedroom unless someone can watch her and it 's been very stressful for her . She 's 4 months old now and despite lots of training with the spray bottle , yelling , cursing , and tears she still tries to get up there every 10 minutes , and we know because we 're right there watching her.So my fiance and I thought this was the perfect solution to our problems.The collar was too large but that 's okay because you can slip the electrodes off the given collar and put it on any size collar without cutting anything . We tested it on ourselves first and while the shock was big enough to make us jump a little , it was n't that bad . The closest thing I can compare it to is one of those simon-says type games that zap you for giving the wrong answer . The sensor worked as advertised , too , and was very easy to set up.We put it on the cat and while the electrodes were huge on her , they did touch skin . She rolled around a bit trying to get them off because they are quite heavy , too , but soon ignored it and made her way into the kitchen as per usual . She spots the new globe barrier emitter thing right away and trots right up to it . At this point I can hear the collar going off like crazy -LRB- there 's a beeping noise -RRB- but the kitten just sits there sniffing at the emitter . I start to think that maybe the electrodes are n't touching skin but after a half minute she starts scratching at it . Apparently , the zap makes her itch . Repeated shocks just make her itch more ... but not enough to drive her from the area . She quickly figures out that the emitter is the thing causing her to itch somehow and decides that it 's trying to play with her . She 's jumping up and down on it , batting at it , and we are just shaking our heads at the whole scene.So all in all I guess this product works as advertised but some animals just do n't care . If you have an extremely willful pet who is not deterred easily by any means , do n't expect electrical shocks to change that equation .
 I bought two sets and found that this is NOT what I thought it was . I would never put any animal through this type of abuse . I thought it was sounds , not two prongs that shocks the animal . Just saying
 This product is NOT worth your money ! I ordered it despite other reviews that commented about its lack of usefulness/range/power / etc. . What a mistake . We have had this product for almost a year now , and I am continually disappointed by its poor performance . Spend a little more and get a quality barrier system . This one is NOT one !
 We have a Bichon Poo and we are trying to keep her away from an area of the house . Although I read reviews noting that the charge on this barrier product must be so weak to have little deterrent effect , I thought this may be the case for bigger dogs and not smaller dogs . Wrong . This PetSafe Pawz Away did not work as a barrier at all . We tested the barrier several times and heard the beeps . Nonetheless , the little dog walked right through and continued to eat the cat food we were trying to keep her away from . Height was not an issue since we tested it at the dog 's height . I do not recommend this product .
 I decided to get this kit after discovering when someone else was watching my dog that he responded very well to an outdoor invisible fence system , learning it immediately and obeying the boundaries perfectly . Sadly , this is n't just a smaller-scale version of that system , but is in fact so cheaply made that it 's completely useless.The first thing I noticed after putting fresh batteries into the transmitter is that the range adjustment does absolutely nothing . The collar will only pick up the signal if it gets within about six inches of the unit , no matter what range it 's set to . This was a disappointment , but I managed to set it up in such a way that the dog was very likely to get within range of it anyways , so I thought I could still make it work.I then tested the `` shock '' by holding the collar 's points against my hand , and cringing a bit as I slowly moved it closer and closer . Finally , I heard a BEEP and felt ... pretty much nothing . There was certainly some sort of sensation , but if I had n't been watching for it , I never would have noticed it . More of a `` slight tingle '' than a `` shock . '' I 'd rate it less than 1/10th the intensity of the electric shock you get after walking across the carpet and then touching a doorknob.I decided to give it a shot anyways , and as far as I can tell the dog has n't noticed any difference . It 's not entirely clear whether he 's not being caught within the transmitter 's pathetic range or if the shock is simply so weak that it 's no deterrent , but the bottom line is that it 's not working at all . For reference , my dog is only about 40 lbs . and his hair is neither particularly long nor thick.I 'm still giving it two stars because it technically functions , and I suppose it could work with a very small skittish dog like a chihuahua , who needs to be kept out of a very small space -LRB- or if you do n't mind buying a couple extra transmitters to cover a few feet -RRB- .
 I bought this product to keep our dog off our porch . He very quickly learned that if he ran past the area that was shocking him the device would stop shocking him and he could then sit comfortably 12 feet away from the base on our porch . The device did not work at all for us and I returned it . Maybe if you had a small dog it would work but our dog is about 75 pounds and he did not flinch at all with the shock collar .
 I have tried using this product on two different animals . It seems the fur under their neck is too dense for the contact points to actually do the job.Unless you have a hairless cat or dog , I do not think this product works very well.Yes , I have checked batteries , readjusted the strength or the signal , etc. . . it just does n't work .
 I bought this item and had to return it because it was n't &#34; working &#34; . After I got a replacement from Amazon I realized that its working but its just junk . The device is supposed to be able to reach 12 ' as the largest range . I set the range to 12 and use the plastic checker that they send you to see if it covers the area you require . The lights do not light up until I was 2 ' away . Even then my dog walked right over and I could hear the beeping but he could care less so the shock is n't enough to deter .
 Out of the box I set this on a six foot range and walked around with the collar in hand . Nothing . Walked closer . Nothing . I had to literally sit the collar down next to the unit to get it to beep . Whether I had it set on 2 feet or 12 , same results . I even made sure it was not sitting next to any large metal objects . Shame on you Amazon for selling something that is a complete ripoff .
 My 8 month old Husky thought it was a game ! The shock was so weak she never even felt it ! I would have returned it , but I came home from work one day and she had it -LRB- with the collar on her neck -RRB- out in the yard -- chewed up and batteries removed ! Might work on a very small dog with no neck hair !
 it just does n't work like they say it does . I put it for max . strength but it works only up to 2-3 feet
 Tried a variety of settings and positions for my medium sized dog , but the unit only worked 20 % of the time at best . I sent it back and now I just keep bottles of cheap cologne around the house to spray on the dog when he 's venturing into an area that he should n't . He hates smelling like an Eastern European disco so its pretty effective .
 I purchased this to keep my 60 pound dog out of the trash . It did not have enough correction power for my dog to appreciate the sensation . I could barely notice it on my bare palms . It also does not set a consistent barrier . When set for several feet , you can often get within a foot of it before correction . I did not keep this product and would not recommend it to people with dogs . It may work ok for cats or small pets .
 Unfortunately this product did little more for us than many others we have tried . Did not resolve the cat urine small in our carpet , even with white vinegar as suggested . The same line of litter attracting product worked amazingly , however this was no win for us : -LRB-
 Dr. Elsey 's Urine Removal is completely useless . An absolute waste of money . I guess they realize it because at the end of the directions it says - if this does n't work , try white vinegar .
 I purchased a bottle for my white malipoo and while it makes her look clean initially , I think after 2 days she gets more dirty than with other shampoos , it 's almost as if it make dirt cling more . In addition , she normally has very soft fur when I use the right shampoos , with this product her fur was not at all smooth and soft and was harder to brush . I would not recommend this product
 I have a Maltese and purchased this shampoo because of his white coat . It did not work well at all , no noticeable change in coats whiteness , and my dog didnt even really smell clean after use . Would not purchase again .
 It works like my other shampoo but leaves my maltese smelling not so fresh . I had to get rid of it , could n't stand the smell anymore .
 I bought this because my English Bulldog was getting tear stains on her face and paws . After getting the package , I immediately gave her a bath with the shampoo and saw absolutely no difference . I thought that maybe it would work gradually over a little bit of time . Well , It 's been a month and I see no results , not even a little . Garbage , IMO .
 Item was recvd . in box w/o cap . Product spilled all over box . Was returned . No item replaced .
 A complete waste of time and money . I have several refill sprays if anybody wants them .
 After receiving 2 collars -LRB- I have 2 barkers -RRB- one worked and the other did n't - so we changed the batteries . It still does not work -LRB- yes we filled them -RRB- . The working one worked for a little while and now is very tempermental and our dog has figured out how to bark at a certain octave and not set it off - where other times it is going off constantly . I thought these would be a good solution - but it turned out to be a waste of money .
 Our dog simply battled his shrieking multi decibal bark through this hokey looking spray collar . It ran out of juice too quickly . If you have a really annoying dog that you never wanted in the first place but , your significant other took in and is now living with you , barking and whining like a tea kettle , I would suggest buying a shock collar or two or three . The spray collar probably works on less driven dogs but not on the kind who get a kick out of being an A-hole .
 Our puppy will be quietly sleeping on the floor , and she will get sprayed with the citronella which smells like Murphy 's oil soap to me . It did work when she barked , but the inadvertent sprays when she was n't barking is why I rated this product that way I did . I had read other reviews that had said that the inadvertent sprays could happen but was hoping we would get one that did n't misfire . We have gone through quite a few batteries -LRB- that I purchased at the same time as the unit -RRB- and glad that I did . It really did slow down her barking , temporarily , along with her overall activity which was not all bad with an active puppy . I wish the collar would work correctly , because I think it is confusing to a puppy when it is getting sprayed for doing nothing wrong . In my opinion , I would n't buy this and I should have paid more attention to the reviews . This was cheaper than some of the others . I am not sure if the more expensive ones work any better or not . As usual , Amazon 's delivery time is just the best !!
 This was effective at reducing barking for about a week . But the collar came loose and my dog chewed it up when I was n't looking . I ordered another one and the same thing happened again . They should make a collar that does n't come loose .
 Works well as far as anti-barking ... but it only last for a week and it will not spray any more even though it was refilled and battery was changed . Unfortunately , it can not be exchanged or returned since I bought it online and it is classified as hazardous item .
 I received this product and it really does work but it only worked for 2 days then it has stopped working . I have refilled it and everything but it does nothing . It should last a lot longer than 2 days ! I do n't know if it could be the battery or the piece itself , but not worth the money if you ca n't use it !
 Premier GentleSpray Citronella Anti-Bark Dog CollarDoesnt work at all!My dog thought it was cologne.It dose n't spray upward as show it sprays write into the neck.The strap is cheesey nylon and does n't hold tight so we used the heavy plastic one off his bark collar.Think twice and read the fine print if you are not satisfied cause you CAN NOT return it . It is considered hazmat material and can not be shipped by indiviuals ... sucker .
 My dog is a 12 pound chihuahua/poodle mix . We tested the product before putting it on the dog and it sprays just fine . We put it on the dog and since the dog has more of a whine/howl than a bark , I guess it does n't pick it up . We tried adjusting it so that the sprayer sits closer to his neck but it still did n't work . It just never went off . I was really hopeful because I do n't want to use a shock collar but I guess I have no other choice . This might work if you have a bigger dog with an actual bark but it 's just not happening for my little guy .
 I found this product was ineffective for my dog , it 's a shame because it was relatively expensive . She continued barking within moments after the spray released .
 Total piece of junk . The thing died-kaput -- with just a few uses . Kept filling the chamber , and it still did n't work . Thinking it might be the batteries , I bought more batteries from the listed vendor-junk . Then , at a friend 's suggestion , I bought pricey batteries at another shop -LRB- > $ 10 each -RRB- , and they worked , for a short time . The problem appears to be the unit itself . I am left with 3 big extra cans of spray I bought and can not use.Finally bought a Petsafe vibration type small dog collar -- it works ! And the batteries have lasted months ! I do n't use it often , but I 've had it for 5 months and it still works when I use it . It cost 300 % more , but it works and is less expensive considering the battery problems , along with the quick death of this piece of junk . My friends have had the same awful experience with this spray collar . Do Not waste your money on this !
 My dog absolutely hates anything near her face , especially if you blow or spray anything , so I thought this product would be perfect for her . At first , it startled her when the mist would come out , but then , she just accepted it . It seems like this product is for bigger dogs because the collar does n't really fit her well -LRB- she 's a small/medium sized JRT -RRB- . The spray does n't always come out properly ... Overall , it was n't a good fit for my dog . I was really hoping for a solution : -LRB-
 I ordered this product twice . The first time it worked great except the collar busted with in about 3 weeks . I ordered a second collar over a month ago and I still do n't have it , and have tried to contact the seller numerous times with no response . Be careful when ordering on Amazon.com . Some sellers are not reliable .
 Very disappointed . It would work when I barked into it , but not when my dog barked with it on , snug , different positions , whatever , no luck . Fifty bucks down the drain , but better educated , I guess .
 I have four Jack Russells who protect my home as their primary function . Unfortunately this is the 9th bark collar I have had to purchase as they continue to chew them off each other and then chew up the housing . The company will replace the collar but never the housing . They even tore into the box before it was unwrapped , and chewed up pieces of it . They do n't like it much so I have to bribe them with a treat to put it on before I go to work.I refuse to shock them so I guess this is my only alernative .
 This collar did nothing to stop this dog from barking , infact , I think she enjoyed the citrus smell .
 Have a dog who barks if overly excited -LRB- when people come over -RRB- or if he wants something -LRB- attention , food -RRB- . Worked pretty well for those situations . Although once he triggered it by scratching his neck and then just held still and looked pitiful . But after a few months of intermittent use it stopped working -LRB- tried refilling , tried new batteries , nothing helped -RRB- .
 my dog barks constantly at cars , blenders , fireworks , etc. . she did n't notice the spray at all
 I purchased this to quiet the beast . She 's a hound mix and is rather gentle with the kids and well mannered when inside , but when she 's outside she barks like crazy . When I first put the collar on her , she barked a few times and seemed a bit confused about the result . For the next few days she barked less frequently , but now that she 's been wearing it for about two weeks she does n't seem to care at all . Now that I 've burned through the included can of citronella I can proclaim that the collar does n't work for my dog.Also , keep in mind if it does n't work on your dog , you ca n't return this item.I recommend a shock collar since it actually works , we have one of those but we -LRB- my wife -RRB- thought we should try this since its more humane .
 I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS AT ALL ! I was assured that this unit could be used on my 7lb Yorkie . Although it worked and my dog instantly stopped barking , he became completely lethargic after wearing it for about an hour and only two sprays ! The unit had been leaking and sputtering the liquid from the citronella cartridge.Why take the risk ? Do n't buy it .
 I purchased this because our Basenji mix does not respond to conventional discipline . He 's very smart and he is apparently too smart for this collar . He does n't like it when it sprays but he will bark until it 's gone and then he knows he can just go to town . I give it a low rating not just because dogs are capable of figuring it out , but it 's too sensitive . It goes off when other dogs bark and even if he just shakes his body it goes off . You also ca n't return it so I 'm out $ 30 on yet another product that does n't work on our intelligent dog !
 every time the dog barks , she gets sprayed . she barked so much my house smelled like citronella . get something that works . get a dog collar that shocks . this does not work at all . it just pisses her off more .
 Two identical items ordered . Only received one . Call and reported shortage on Nov 6 . Said they would check in to it and send another one . Called again Nov 20 they said it was out of stock and would send another one very similar to it . Called again Nov 28 and was told totaly out and no idea as to when it would be received and they would issue a credit for the one . Well we will see how long this takes .
 I use citron at work to clean machine parts . Citron based chemicals eat through grease , and are usually labeled as a # 2 corrosive on the MSDS for hazardous materials . Why would you spray it on your dog ? Unfortunately we do n't have many laws to protect animals from harmful products . I make a pesticide called Raid , if you read the label for the flea and roach killer it suggests you should spray it on your dog but under the warning humans are to use caution not to get it on their skin . People have to use common sense and good judgment when manufactures suggest pesticides or cleaning agents should be sprayed on your dog . If you do n't have time to train your dog properly , then do n't get one .
 The collar does not work that well . It does not spray all the time when barking .
 While this collar did work on my black Lab for awhile , it has cost me a small fortune to keep it up . The batteries , which runout very quickly , cost anywhere from $ 4 - $ 10 to replace -LRB- and plan on replacing at least 1x per month -RRB- if you can find them -LRB- very hard to find the correct size -RRB- . The Citronella spray refills , which , I will submit , last quite awhile ... cost anywhere from $ 11 - $ 16 , again , if you can find them !!! I 've changed the battery so many times now , that the + / - posts are all bent , and no longer charge the device . I just spent another $ 20 to replace the battery and spray , and ca n't get it to work at all anymore.While I liked the idea that this was a totally humane method of stopping barking , I 'm going to try one of the ultrasound devices now . At least the upkeep wo n't be so much ... 9V batteries are easy to find and cheap , and there is no spray to get all over the place , find and replace .
 So we bought this for our 10 month old Shiba Inu-Chow mix , both breeds are very territorial so I think that may have something to do with it . It worked well at first , but I think it was the startling sensation of the spray that would stop the barking , she got over the collar in 2 days . I was really hoping this would work , but I think it honestly depends on your dog . Its worth a try but buy extra batteries , ours ran out in a week . We gave up on the spray collar after that and are currently looking for a sonar one now . And yes , it will make your dog smell like citronella , if you have a problem with that you should try the scentless kind .
 Do not buy this product . I have used it a total of 7 times for walking my dog . While I fill it up , it leaks out by spraying the Citronella . It will spray my dog once for a bark , then it continues to leak . Therefore , by the time she barks again , it is out of the spray.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!! Seller will not take it back . It 's only been 30 days since purchase and I have used it 7 times . Things like this should n't break after 7 uses .
 I am very unhappy that I can not return this product . I understand that you can not receive an aerosolized product in the mail . However I would like to return the spray collar and get a partial refund , I would keep the can of citronella .
 I bought this and it does n't work . Amazon says I ca n't return it because it 's a hazardous material . So , you may want to buy this product at a store so that you can bring it back if it 's broken !
 The product did not work for my dog . The first time the spray was released she looked puzzled and stopped barking . The next release did not phase her in the least . It also did n't release the spray with every bark . Do n't bother with this !
 As other reviewers have noted , this type of collar may not work for long-haired dogs . The collar worked off and on for a couple of days on our 10 month old Australian Shepherd , but has been ineffectual since . This collar does simply not work well for dogs who have long hair that can cover up the spray nozzle , nor for dogs who are seriously committed to barking .
 This did n't work a bean , because the sprayer did n't make it past my Sheltie 's long mane . This may work on short haired dogs ...
 Even after several adjustments and trimming the collar down significantly , this anti-bark dog collar was also an `` anti-working '' dog collar for our small shi-tzu/poodle mix . After finally getting the fit we wanted , we -LRB- owners , not the dog -RRB- needed to blow directly into the mechanism to release the bark repellent . I would not recommend this product , especially for small dogs -LRB- < 20lbs -RRB- .
 We 've had no luck with this item , which we set up and placed around our mini schnauzer 's neck with great hope . Our problem is a dog that barks in the car when we pass anyone waiting for a bus , riding a bike , playing ball , jogging , stopping at a red light in the lane next to us , walking on the sidewalk , getting into a car two rows away , getting into or out of a car parked next to us , and so on . We use the Gentle Spray collar only in the car , which is where the problem barking occurs , but all we have achieved is a citronella-scented dog . I give the collar two stars for quality , none for effectiveness .
 I have a small Jack Russell and she never set it off . She would just bark and bark and bark and the collar never sprayed her . It would spray when I blew into it but it did n't work for us !
 The collar hardly ever fires even when my dog is barking her head off . I installed a new battery , I positioned it on her according to the instructions , and still it does n't work . I intend to contact the manufacturer and request an exchange under warranty just to see if I got a defective unit .
 The whole point of this color is to keep your dog from barking . Neither dog really cared about being sprayed . I 'm sure this is a &#34; your dog may very &#34; type of thing , but ours did n't care for it and ignored it .
 Good product as long as the battery does n't run off . Once the battery is dead you cant possibly get a replacement batery , so youll have to buy another 70 dollar anti barking device .
 We purchased through Amazon the Premier spray Sense anti-Bark collar which we ca n't use . However we have contacted Amazon AND Premier to return this product and no one will help us . We have a $ 35.65 item in our possession that we ca n't use , we need help . We understand that for safety reasons this product should be returned to Premier , Premier will not take it back as they did not receive the money for it . There should be a way to take care of this matter between Premier and Amazon that would be satisfactory to us , the customer , since we should be refunded and/or credited for something we can not use . This would not be an issue if it had not been done on-line , but just through a store and returned for credit , that is all we are asking .
 worked great for a month and we were so excited ! finally got our dog to stop barking ! and then it broke . we added more spray , tried to clean it out , replaced the battery and still does n't work . we can hear it clicking but no spray . such a bummer .
 We bought 2 of these . They helped greatly reduce annoying barking from our dogs -LRB- ie . squirrel in the tree . -RRB- However , after 2-3 months they began not working . We have replaced batteries & made sure they are full . They will work briefly and then begin not working again . So I am just not sure about the quality . Good Luck !
 The collar worked great for awhile but my dog eventually learned to waste the citronella spray by barking non stop .
 I bought the spray sense no bark collar for my Maltese . It worked like an absolute charm -- unfortunately it only helped for about a week . The collar was not damaged or anything -- my dog just became totally immune to the citrus scent . I did call the customer service number to ask why it would just stop working all of a sudden and she said , like anything , that there were no guarantees . I 'm not against this product at all ; I just want to let others know that if they have stubborn barkers like I do that it may not work .
 The product did not work at all and I was unable to return . Please be aware of these facts .
 This is my third spray type bark collar . I 've in the past purchase the Multi-vet brand and they worked great at first but quit after about 3 months . I decided for my new dog to try a different brand so , I brought the Premier brand . This one looks just like the others . The only difference is this one only worked for about a month . A month was not long enough to teach my new dog not to bark . Replacing the battery and cleaning the sprayer did help . I wish they would make a spray collar that would last .
 I ordered the anti-bark collar for my dog that sprays cintronella when she barks . The product did not work and we went through the entire can of refill spray . My dog did not mind the spray and barked anyway like it was n't even there ! I would like to return the item , since it did not work after 3 days of trying it . I was informed that we can not return flamable materials , but there is nothing left in the spray can . Just want to return the collar . The product has a lifetime guarantee , but no information on how to return it if it does not work ! Please help !
 I purchased this for my 7lb Pomeranian . She barks at everything that moves . This thing is really big , be aware that if your dog is smaller than mine it wo n't work for you . My dog could just hold her head up with it on . I followed the instructions for setting it up for use , worked great off of the dog . However , on the dog it would never go off when she barked . The info packet stated that if you have a dog with lots of hair to tie a bandanna around the dog 's neck and place the device on top of it . I did that and it still would n't spray when she barked . The only other option stated in the info . packet was to cut the dog 's fur . I do n't think I 'll be doing that , she is a pom after all and is supposed to have long hair . I 'll be returning the bark collar . So to sum it up my two complaints about the collar are its size and that it does n't work on a long haired dog . * Update * I guess I wo n't be returning this to Amazon , here is their return policy on this product . `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federal regulations . Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste . `` I think it is odd that they can sell it and ship it but can not accept a return shipment . A rip off if you ask me .
 I have a Tibetan Terrier who ONLY barks when left alone for long periods of time . So it was very difficult to test this product , since he wo n't bark when we try to make him . Still , we 'd put it on and leave and the neighbors would complain when we got back . I finally called the company and the customer service rep asked if the dog has a high pitched bark . The dog has a VERY high pitched bark . Turns out , their older models -LRB- which they no longer sell -RRB- work fine with a high pitched bark , but the new model -LRB- the one with the on/off switch -RRB- does n't work at all with a high pitched bark . They offered to change out our model for the older version , which I guess they keep in their warehouse for this very purpose . But , if your dog has high pitched bark , you 're better off calling Premier directly and figuring out how to get the older model . Or find a brand that works .
 Unfortunately , the second time I left my dog alone with the collar on for nuisance barking , it set off anxiety issues . After the fact , I learned this can be a side effect of bark collars , even the citronella . Needless to say its retired to a cabinet .
 I was disappointed with this product . I was very happy when I found out that there was a bark collar available that would n't hurt my dog.Unfortunately , our unit only gave off a few sprays , if any , before running out of citronella . We reread the refilling instructions repeatedly and followed them exactly , but even if the dog barked right after filling , the unit maybe gave off 8 sprays . Usually by the time there was something to bark about , the citronella had run out while the collar just hung unused around his neck.I did not contact the manufacturer about these issues , so I ca n't comment on whether or not our unit was defective or if customer service could have helped us . I guess I did n't feel that operating a bark collar should require much time or effort on my part , so I just gave up on it , especially after finding that many other reviewers had similar issues.Our dog did pause after each bark when the collar sprayed -LRB- it may be kind of mean , but we enjoyed watching his confused reaction when it DID spray . -RRB- The few times the collar sprayed a couple times in a row , our dog only got in a few random barks before he gave up or there was no reason to bark anymore.I feel this bark collar is a very poor investment , but it is a good idea and could be very effective if it held it 's charge when not in use and was able to spray many more times per refill .
 I purchased two of these collars for my dogs as humane way to keep them from barking . I used the collars twice and one broke . Amazon sent me out a new collar and I used them again and the other collar broke . It is too bad they are so poorly made , because they did work . I ca n't believe both collars broke only after two or three uses . The collars did not get wet and the dogs were just out in my backyard . I would not waste your money on these . They need to improve the quality of them or charge 5.00 so you are not throwing away almost 40.00 on something that works for such a short period of time . Save your money and do not buy this cheap product .
 Our dog ran to his water dish and washed his face . The collar stopped the barking for a couple of hours and then I think he ran out of citronella , so I refilled it and tried it again a few days later . Same thing . It worked for a couple of hours and then he was back barking again . So , it works for a few hours only , maybe for a party or something ?
 I 've had this thing for two weeks and it does nothing for my Beagle . I thought it would work because of these reviews here saying it 's just wonderful . Some times it sprays , sometimes it does n't . Whether or not it decides to spray , does n't matter as she is fine running around barking with it spraying . So two weeks after the fact I 'm lacking sleep and am stressed over this thing and I lost out on an amount of money that is n't meant to just try items that do n't work !
 I 've been through FOUR of these expensive units . They work great on my Great Pyrenees dog . At least they work for awhile . Then I end up trying to figure out if the batteries are dead , then if the NEW batteries I put in were dead to begin with , and then I send it back for repair . Once I got back a unit that worked again - for awhile . Then I got back a unit that never worked again.I stopped sending in my broken units after that.So - in desperation , and impending poverty , I switched to a shock collar ; it was either that or what my breeder calls a `` blue juice special '' . It also worked - and yes , I tried it on myself and decided that it was n't cruel at all . But the punchline is this
 This product did absolutely nothing for my dog except make him -LRB- and my apartment -RRB- smell like oranges . He barked right through the sprays . At one point he even managed to chew the collar off his neck -LRB- even though I am certain it was fitted properly -RRB- . I wasted $ 50 hard earned dollars . Guess this just proves that here is no quick fix - or possibly ANY fix to excessive barking ! I 'm just sorry I could n't give it zero stars !
 I was so excited to get this item for my dog cause he barks all the time but it did not work . It may have squirted him once while he had it on in two weeks . It worked when we blew into it for the practice try but after that it did not . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 My dog has separation anxiety , and my neighbors are getting fed up with the constant barking when we 're away . I 'm worried that our landlord will make us find a new home for her , so we 're ready to try anything . This did n't work . It seems to annoy her at least a little , but for the most part , the anxiety seems too powerful for the collar . I get home , and the entire house smells like citronella . I watch her through the closet door , and she just paces and barks . The citronella seems to make her hesitate a little at the beginning , but when enough time passes , she 's just barkzilla . I 'm going to try the Thundershirt next in combination with medication from my vet and maybe the bark collar . Wish us luck !
 After less than 30 days of use this worthless piece of junk died on me . Bought a brand new battery and still wo n't turn on . This collar was used on my dog maybe 2-3 hours a day . When i tried to return it amazon 's exact policy is `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . '' Meaning I 'm screwed . Do yourself a huge favor and do not buy this or if you must buy it from the local pet store where you can actually return it after it fails the same way it did on me . NEGATIVE STARS FOR AMAZON AND PETSAFE !
 I was really disappointed . The Anti-Bark collar did n't work at all . Not sure if it was defective ? Waste of money .
 This has got to be the dumbest thing I have ever bought . Does it work ? Not on my dog . At the rate my shepard is now barking I think that she has become addicted to the Citronella spray . Next I expect to find her laying on her back and barking to activate the spray every few seconds to keep her habit going . One good thing I have to mention is that she sure smells good and there are no mosquitoes in the area .
 It technically works , but it seems like you have to refill it every day . Or maybe it is just because it does n't stop my dog from barking at all so it runs out quickly !
 I bought this as a humane way to get my dog to stop barking at every little noise , but she would bark right through the citronella spray . All it did was make my place smell like citrus . Save your money .
 i refilled the container 6 times in the 1st 2 days.dogs do n't care about citronella.this one hardly reacted and would actually be happy when i attached the collar.it still barks its head off when i leave the room.i want my money back .
 I tried this product thinking it might work . I had tried a shock collar before this product and did not like the fact my dog was being shocked . I thought it was maybe the dog , but after trying it out on my one year puppy I realized it was not the dog and this type of product did not work . My biggest complaint is the spray runs out to quick .
 Unfortunately , this product did n't work for my two shelties . I was able to sell it to a friend to use for her two dogs -LRB- different breed -RRB- which seems to work for her . I am disappointed as I was so hopeful it would work . Probably nothing wrong with the product , it just did n't work with my two dogs , who I think would bark no matter what !
 The product that I received was not the same brand as the one advertised and that I selected to purchase . I did contact the seller , they informed me that a new manufacturer had taken over this product so I agreed to keep the product and give it a try . The cheap collar that came with it broke the first day my dog used the collar and he proceeded to chew the thing up . My entire experience with this collar was actually a waste of time and money .
 We bought this collar for our little PUG who barks day and night , at the air , at dogs , at anything . The first day , it was really nice , it sprayed gently and she would immediately stop barking . The battery was out the next day and the collar had to be refilled almost every day , or more if she attempted to bark alot.I ordered more batteries . In two and a half weeks , we have used two very expensive and hard to find 6 volt batteries -LRB- had to order from Amazon , actually , -RRB- and now the collar is just spraying occasionally and Lucy has caught on to its defective useage . I would not reccommend it at all , even if just for the fact that the batteries are so expensive and short lived and the spray has to be bought continuously and only from THIS company . Also , when I tried to return , the company said they do not deal through Amazon and must be returned directly to them . I thought Amazon stood behind its products and sellers ???? Disappointing all the way round .
 Had heard from a friend that this worked for another friend of his , so I thought I would give it a whirl since nothing else seems to help . The first time I put it on , it did seem to work , and my dog seemed to back off from barking and looked dazed and confused about what was going on , but eventually , he powered through and decided what the heck , I do n't care . I think he thinks the citronella is a form of cologne for him and makes him smell better . Anyway , I was hoping this would be the solution to my problem , but evidently it is n't . I would not go so far as to say `` it does n't work '' as I do believe my friend and I do believe others who have said it worked for them , but it just did not do the trick for my wire haired fox terrier . He 's two and half and a handful . Anyway , good luck if you do buy it , and I hope it works for you .
 We have two mini Aussies , herding dogs who LOVE to bark , so I eagerly anticipated the arrival of our two spray collars to get our dogs to stop barking at everything . They were easy to put together , and I was thrilled with how quickly they got our dogs to stop barking!Unfortunately , they sprayed every time our dogs shook their heads , sneezed , or made any other noise that was n't `` bad . '' Then after two months , both collars just quit working . I called Premier , and I have to tell you - while their product sucks , their customer service is AWESOME . They sent us two new replacement collars at no charge , and paid the postage to have the non-working ones returned . This was great for us , because we not only had to send the second set back after they stopped working after a month ; we had to send a third - and final - set back after just two weeks . When they were working properly , they did a great job of getting our dogs to stop barking . But each collar only holds 25 sprays , and trust me , when they go off after every little shake and noise , you go through citronella spray very quickly . And those refill cans are not cheap!Bottom line , look for an alternative solution like we are , like an ultrasonic collar .
 The collar does n't seem to work for small dogs with high pitched barks . When I put the collar on my small dog , it seemed to work when she growled ; however when she barks it does not work . Unfortunately to teach a dog not to bark the collar needs to be consistent with the behavior .
 We have had this product for about 2 months . After the 1st 2 weeks , it stopped working & the folks at Premier were very helpful
 The first time I used the product , the spray triggered at the proper amount/time . Since that time I have not been able to get the product to trigger a spray . The dog barks and the spray will not come out . I 've tried troubleshooting the product and still it does not work . Definitely NOT worth the money
 I bought this collar in hopes of discouraging my boston terrier from constant barking . While it fits ok and does spray when he barks it also sprays when he shakes his head from being sprayed . I removed it from my dog after about five minutes . At first I thlught great he barked at the neighbors dog and he got sprayed howeever he was shaking his head from the spray and got sprayed again .
 I am not happy with this product at all . It will only spray out the citronella once or twice and then stops and does n't work after that . My dog has learned to tolerate the one or two sprays and then knows he can continue barking . I tried to contact Amazon about returning it but since it 's a `` hazardous waste '' type of product they wo n't let you send it back and I could n't even get information on who to contact about it being defective . I would n't recommend that anyone take a chance on this one .
 This device worked well while it worked , which was n't for long . Despite refills and battery changes , it just stopped working after about 30 days , making it quite a waste of money .
 I found that the overall product was effective ... however it did not last long as the collar gets loose easily and the cheap plastic clip is not very secure thus making it easy for him to remove and continue barking . This is the only upgrade the product needs .
 The problem with this is that barking is not the only thing that will set the sprayer to go off . I had my dog in the car with the collar on , he stuck his head out of the window and the sprayer activated . Ok , the rush of wind caused it so I can avoid this in the future . How about this , my dog was standing by me , shook his head like dogs regularly do and it caused the collar to activate . He did n't have on his regular collar with tags that could have bumped up against the spray collar , he did n't bark , he just shook his head . The result is now my dog is anxious , never really understanding why citronella is being sprayed in his face . Thanks gentle spray .
 I recently purchased the citronella collar at the suggestion of my vet for a newly adopted highly energetic lab who was a problem barker . I did not have much success w / this product and can say it worked about % 50 of the time . Our most successful moments were often in the car , I 'm not sure but wonder if this was because the citronella was more potent in an enclosed space ?? She would bark continuously at times while the collar sprayed continuously in her face . Hopefully , others have had better luck . In hindsight , I would have liked to have read reviews and researched the product before purchasing , however , my haste to control the barking was a big motivator .
 I bought this collar TWICE both times had the same result . It worked amazing for a couple of weeks , then just mysteriously stopped working . I tried replacing the battery and made sure it was refilled with citronella . The two quiet weeks we had were so wonderful I took my chance at buying a second one thinking that maybe the first one was just faulty somehow . But , it also only lasted a few weeks then just stopped working . Looking now for an alternative citronella collar .
 I think this will work for some dogs , but my dog did n't really mind the spray or figured out that if he kept barking the spray would run out or the battery would die . So for him , ineffective .
 I ordered this about a month ago for my doxie and it works well for the nuciance barking . If someone comes to the door she barks right through the spray though . I would keep using it except the first one we got broke the first week so they sent me another one that just broke yesterday . I ca n't afford to keep replacing them every 2-3 weeks .
 This produce worked great for about 2 weeks . The dogs were responding well to the training , although I thought it sprayed a little too hard . After I refilled it the second time , it just stopped working . I tried changing out the batteries and it still did not work . In the instruction manual , it says that the batteries might go bad even if they are not being used , so I 'll have to try to get a new set of batteries and try those . Just be aware that this might be a problem
 When we first received the collar it worked fine for the first 2 days , but then only after 3 days it suddenly quit spraying . I thought it was the battery , but it actually still clicked as if it wanted to spray but nothing was comming out even though the spray was filled with plenty of citronella .
 Worked for two weeks and died . After reading the troubleshooting guide that came with the collar , we thought the battery died . We ordered new batteries and spray . Now we are stuck with the collar and new supplies because neither can be returned due to Amazon 's hazardous materials policy . Beware of Amazon sticking it to you on this product !!!
 I thought this collar was great at first . It really stopped my dog from barking . However , after about 3 weeks of use , the collar started leaking and would not spray . I have a small dog and I only put the collar on him for short periods of time . Very disappointed in the poor quality of the collar .
 I purchased one of these collars for my beagle who barks non-stop . When I put the collar on her the first time , she barked once , got sprayed , and -LRB- finally -RRB- shut up . I was in heaven . I would use it when she went outside in the morning so she did n't wake up the neighbors and occasionally during the day when she was being overly loud . Three weeks into having the product , I noticed she was barking with it on a lot more . I checked and it was n't working . I assumed the battery was dead and bought a new battery . Nothing . Called Premier and they told me to return the unit and they would replace it . I realized this would mean I 'd be without a bark collar for about two weeks , so , I ordered a second unit.The second unit arrived , sprayed three times , and died . I attempted to just return it to Amazon , but because there is an aerosol can in the box , they wo n't accept the return.So , now I 'm stuck with two units , neither of which works , and will have to wait at least two weeks to get a replacement that might or might not work . Because of this , I can not recommend this product .
 I was very excited about this product , however , I was very disappointed . The collar worked great , when it worked , which was about 25 % of the time . When it sprayed , our dog immediately stopped barking , but she would bark again and it would n't always spray . Our dog was confused by it and eventually just barked and would get sprayed occasionally . I changed the batteries , refilled the sprayer and got the same results .
 It worked for three weeks and then sprayed my dog constantly each time we re-filled it . Even as I type it is spraying citronella all over my table !! Looks as though there will not be a full refund either !! Thanks a lot Amazon !
 I have received the SpraySense instead of GentleSpray as shown in the amazon picture . And it already broke , the quality is very very low on the new ones , probably made in China . The older ones in two colors were a lot better.ITEM WAS NOT AS DESCRIBED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this Item 2 months ago for my shitzu and it worked great but the quite lasted less then 2 months . The bad part is i ca n't contact anyone about it ...
 The spray works , but the device is a piece of junk . The unit I got would fire the spray all the time at literally any noise big or small . My dog was a nervous wreck each time it went off . Tried all the troubleshooting tips from the company and posted in other reviews and still found it useless . ALSO , amazon WILL NOT RETURN it . Do n't buy , spend a little more money and get and adjustable electronic one that works . I absolutely refuse to put this back on my dog .
 While this product was shipped quickly and worked with minimal set up , it is not worth the money . My dog responded well to it , however , the bottom part that has the on/off toggle separated from the main part and hangs by a wire . I have tried and tried and tried to reinsert the little plate with the toggle switch , but it keeps falling out . And it ca n't be returned . What a total bummer . I only had it 2 months , so it is not worth the money . Had I been able to use it for a year or more , I would not be so upset , but two months is just not acceptable . Very disappointed .
 Ordered 2 of these and only 1 worked ! Ordered a replacement for the one that didnt spray and the replacement didnt work either ! For the 1 we have that works , we like it okay , but it does seem to spray our dog even when he is not barking . I would still buy this , but ONLY at a physical pet store where returns can be made without shipping back/forth as the quality control does not seem to be there in this product .
 Our terrier did n't mind the spray , she continued to bark ... wish it would have had a different outcome for our 3 year old dog .
 This is a joke !!! Do n't waste your money on this bark collar . Does not spray anything . Ca n't return because of hazardous product . BULL CRAP !!! Very mad in Tennessee .
 i had bought a different bark spray collar years ago that worked much better that this one . this one does n't work correctly , while i 'm putting the spray in , it 's coming out the other opening at the same time . i 'm going to call the company and find out what 's wrong . also , the spray will release into the air when the collar is not turned on . at this point , i would n't recommend buying this brand .
 This did not work for our dog who barks when we leave the house . She stopped once , then barked right through the sprays.Does not work on the dog who is really motivated to bark . Just another check on the long list of things to try . Rewarding for being quiet and meds are working better .
 This collar worked the way it was supposed to but the citronella had no affect on my dog . I ordered the citronella collar based on a recommendation from our dog trainer when I asked him what to do about excessive barking . We have an 8 month old German Shepherd that is smart but bull headed and persistent as they come . He barked at anything that moved or made noise while outside . He would even bark directly at my wife or me as if he were ordering us around or scolding us when he was n't getting his way -LRB- dominance is an issue we are working on -RRB- . We had the collar on for a week and you could see the puff of citronella come out of it when he barked but it had absolutely no effect on him . The collar seems to work as designed but if you have a dog that does n't care whether he gets sprayed with citronella this collar wo n't do anything to diminish barking . I ordered the PetSafe PBC102 bark collar that works on static discharge and it works like a charm . Bark problem solved first day . If you have an aversion to shock collars then give the citronella collar a try but be warned that not all dogs care if they stink from citronella .
 I have tried this product and am now trying to figure out how to return it . I know it 's in working order because when I blow or bark into the microphone it sprays back at me . The only problem is I have a big standard poodle and when SHE barks it does nothing . Maybe it would work on a dogs who 's mouth is closer to it 's body ?
 I purchased this for my miniature dachshund who recently became very proud of his deep bark . The collar arrived quickly and the instructions were clear and easy for assembly . It was also relatively easy to adjust the collar to fit his small neck . I was pretty pleased with both the ease and design of the collar.So , I inserted the citronella spray and waited for things to happen . Within 10 minutes , my dog was sprayed four times . The only problem was that during this time he did not bark , or even try to bark . I was sprayed myself when I tried to remove the collar . My poor dog is shivering in my lap -LRB- trying to hide under my legs -RRB- very traumatized as I write this . I have no doubt that this would have been an effective bark deterrent for him if it sprayed when he barked -LRB- and not randomly . -RRB- What I think is happening : To test the collar , you are supposed to blow into the microphone . When I blew into the microphone , spray was immediately released . I think that anytime my dogs breaths sharply or heavily -LRB- climbing up his dog steps , being startled by our other pet , etc. -RRB- , the spray is triggered . As such , it is an ineffective tool for curbing his barking.Please review the product carefully before throwing your money into this collar .
 I 'm online now to buy my third one of these collars -LRB- fourth if you count the one given by a friend -RRB- . The upside
 Our dog hated the citronella smell ... so it 's a very effective correction tool . However , once this device goes off , the entire unit smells like , and is covered in , the citronella . This causes 2 issues ... 1 , the dog never stops smelling citronella therefore is always being corrected even when not barking and 2 , it desensitizes the dog to the corrective smell therefore making it eventually ineffective in correction . Our dog hated the smell so bad , she would go into full on panic attacks smelling it , with or without the device having sprayed her ... that 's great if they only smell it during the bark ... but the smell is EVERYWHERE . WIth the sensitivity of the dogs sense of smell , you might as well shove their nose 24/7 in a citronella candle . If they can ever figure out how to correct this issue , it will be effective .
 Unfortunately , the collar did n't do anything for our dog . I 've tried the collar multiple times -LRB- went thru the refill can already -RRB- , but she is very happy to just be barking away . The only effects I can figure out in our case is that we are out $ 80 , and the dog smells like Citronella.On the positive side , the device has been pretty durable and sits on the dog well . Citronella just did n't work for us .
 I have a Bichon that has recently developed the bad habit of barking at everything that moves outside the window . No matter how big or small . This collar works so much as it sprays when he barks , my dog could careless . After the first few sprays he was mildly distracted , then soon after he stopped noticing the spray .
 This collar did n't work well for my Pomeranian . Her high pitched shrieks just did n't seem to set it off . However my husband and my brothers started barking into it after a few beers and I 've never laughed so hard in my life ! Their &#34; barks &#34; certainly set it off !
 My little 8 pound yorkie used to go chasing after a friend of our 's 70 pound dog , and it was so afraid of him ! I used this one time , and he now leaves that dog alone ! He only got sprayed 2 times . Also , he is crazy when he is on a walk and sees another dog ... he used to yelp like I was beating him ... it was very embarassing . This thing has stopped him from doing that too . Well worth the money I spent . I would recommend to anyone having similar problems!UPDATE
 The collar worked great for the first week , however the sprayer would stop working after awhile . I made sure to check the battery , citronella , and for any clogs . I have had to replace the collar 3x 's already because they continue to stop working . Also , after awhile my dog got use to the spray and is no longer bothered by it .
 Initially my adult daughter was so happy with how this collar worked on her barking 4 year old cocker spaniel that she could hardly wait to write a glowing review . However , between the date it was sent 8/12 and today 8/18 it has broken and ca n't be fixed . Because it 's considered to contain a hazardous element -LRB- citronella spray ? -RRB- it ca n't be returned . Bye bye money . My daughter says the guy at PetSmart said , `` You get what you pay for . '' Sign us , Burned
 Like others who have written a review , the product worked magic for our dog for the first day it came in the mail . It failed to work the second day so I bought replacement batteries . The battery lasted a day and was not consistent in working when she barked . At times , the spray was delayed after she had stopped barking . This product is unreliable and has not helped us train the barking out of our dog . I plan on ordering a replacement collar but am not counting on anything
 Tried everything to get this item to work . Must have received a faulty item . It would not spray at all . Thought I would return it , WRONG ! It is considered hazardous material and can not be returned to amazon . So if you get a bad one just know you will be stuck with it and out the money you spent .
 The bark collar was great for the first few weeks . Then is sprung a leak . Now it wo n't hold much citronella and is useless . Do n't buy this from Amazon because you wo n't be able to send it back for an exchange or refund if it breaks .
 This bark collar did keep my dogs from barking when I was n't home , but the collar does n't last . A lifetime warranty does n't mean anything if every 6 months you need to replace it.On all three of the units I 've had , they start to leak and malfunction after less than a year .
 I purchased this bark collar for my little bichon/yorkie puppy and it worked great for two days , until she figured it out . It definitely stopped her from barking but the design of the collar is horrible . The box is rather large -LRB- my dog is 12lbs -RRB- and the battery is located on the top of the device where the citronella shoots out . Unfortunately even though we put the collar on tightly , my dog is able to bite the top of the box and get to the battery pretty easily . The battery should not be located on the side near the dogs mouth . It is very easy for them to pop the cover off and pull the battery out . We cant even use it now .
 The Spray Sense collars used to be great and last a long time . In the last year I have bought 5 and they either broke after a couple of weeks or did n't work at all out of the box . The company told me they are having trouble with the manufacturer and replaced 3 collars so far . Have n't used them yet so ca n't say if they are any better . They look the same as the ones I returned .
 This product is not what I expected , the spray does not stay very long in the collar . i seems almost every time my dog barked I needed to refill the collar . I would not advise any of my friends to purchase this type of anti bark collar
 It worked well for my Beagle until I replaced the battery . Now it sprays once and then leaks the rest of the citronella . It continues to leak even if the battery is removed .
 We had difficulty getting the product to work at first but after replacing the `` new '' battery that came with it everything worked fine . The spray startled our ever barking cocker spaniel and she was just starting to catch on to the connection of barking and spray . We were watching a movie on television which had gunfire . We noticed the dog jumping around and then realized that the gunfire from the t.v. was setting the collar off -LRB- she was across the room and the t.v. was not loud -RRB- . We also noticed that my husbands laugh set it off too ! I do n't know if this was a fluke collar , or all the collars by this company are this sensitive , but it 's definitely not going to work with our dog .
 This bark collar worked very well for the two nights that we put it on our dog . We just put it on at bedtime , and took it off in the morning , to curb the nighttime , and early a.m. barking issues . It worked very well the first night . The 2nd morning , I found it in the backyard , chewed to pieces . I have no idea how he got it off , but since the collar was pretty lame , I assume he worked it off with a little creative pulling and scratching . For as much as I paid for this , it would have been nice to have a cheap faux leather collar attached to the heavy , bulky unit , with a buckle type clasp . Now , I am using a dog whistle type unit that is in a birdhouse style . It hangs from a hook on my back porch , covers 50 square feet , and has a timer , so I can set it to go off at night . Allowing my dog some freedom to bark during the day , while he is playing . Love the bird house ! I bought mine at Pet Smart for $ 60 , the salesman said to keep the box , and return it if it did n't work . I am keeping it !
 Spray Anti Bark CollarNo matter where I buy these they stop working ... after a very short time . I have bought from Petsmart , Amazon , Ebay etc. . This one broke after 3 uses . What a piece of crap product . They should all be recalled .
 Very unhappy . The collar works when I blow hard in it but put it on the dog and does n't even work . And what 's worse is that I can not return it once it is used . How are you going to know about a product unless you use it . Most companies accept returns so I did n't think to read the return policy . They have a 15 % re-stocking fee ! Ridiculous ! I learned my lesson . I will always read the return policy !
 The collar works to stop the barking , but it also sprays with just a low growl or a yip of excitement . It is just too sensitive . I thought I would be able to adjust the level so that he could at least make a little sound . We just wanted to get rid of excessive barking !
 Premier Gentle Spray Anti-Bark Dog CollarThis was the third Premier Gentle Spray Anti-Bark Dog Collar in less than two years for a vocal miniature schnauzer . It is very effective , but the collars do n't last very long . The first one lasted about six months before dying . The second lasted a few months before the internal reservoir sprang a leak . The third one was defective when we received it . Fortunately , simply wearing the broken collar has some residual effect on reducing barking .
 The product worked okay to deter barking but I am glad that I was at home when it malfunctioned!My dog came dashing under my desk and she was pawing feverishly at her face and I could smell the citronella ... the stupid collar was continually spraying ! I could n't get it to stop!I put my had over it to stop it from getting into her eyes and I pulled the collar off . I had to take the battery out to stop the spray!I will NEVER use a training collar again , imagine if it was an electronic shock collar that malfunctioned like this ??? I felt so bad ... so guilty .
 I bought this product for my hyper-barking dog , and it seemed to do its job well for a few days before it suddenly stopped working . I refilled the citronella and replaced the batteries but no dice . I wrote the company and they immediately offered me to send them the product for a free replacement -LRB- I have no complaints over their customer service -RRB- . But when the new product arrived it was the same story - it worked for a few days then nothing . Not sure what the technical malfunction is , but this product is simply faulty .
 I bought this for my doberman at a pet store . I had originally gone in there to buy a shock collar , but a sales associate convinced me I should n't because of his breed . She said that it could make him more aggressive . That did worry me , because he can be aggressive with other dogs , and I have two others , so I decided to try the spray collar . It KIND OF worked for a week maybe , but eventually it stopped spraying when he barked , would end up on the side of his neck or for some unknown reason was not keeping him from barking . Also , the citronella seemed to run out very quickly and needed replacing often . I would say that unless you have a dog that is very timid and scares easily , this collar will not work for you . This is n't going to stop a determined dog . I did end up getting a shock collar -LRB- SportDog -RRB- and it has worked WONDERS !!! He has n't shown any aggression whatsoever !!
 I think this will work for some dogs , but my dog did n't really mind the spray or figured out that if he kept barking the spray would run out or the battery would die . So for him , ineffective .
 The system works as advertised , but my dog does n't seem to be bothered by the citronella by the spray . It 's just not very effective with my Aussie .
 Lasted all of 30 days before it stopped working . After replacing the battery multiple times and refilling multiple times , it just wo n't work . Just stopped .
 This thing never sprayed when on my dog . Its fairly heavy so NOT for small dogs . Its very awkward and ugly looking . After putting it on my pomeranian for a day , she still barked , the container of fluid was empty but she was not wet ?? Waste of money !!!
 I love the idea of a humane bark treatment - shock collars are cruel . But the sensor in the citronella product is WAY too sensitive - it goes off when my dog shakes -LRB- and he 's 11 pounds ! -RRB- . He 's always been a nervous dog , and now it 's worse - thanks to GentleSpray .
 Followed directions precisely . Our dog barks with the collar on and it fails to spray so the whole training issue is a waste with this product . We adjusted it , reread the directions , etc. all to no avail . Do n't waste your money . We are disappointed and hope others wo n't throw their money away on such a failed product .
 My dog barks at anything it sees passing by in from of our home window . When she barks , she is focused and even as the spray was properly spraying toward her nose -LRB- with this collar on -RRB- , she just kept barking like see did n't even notice th spray.So , just be prepared that you might be wasting $ 40 if your dog is too determined to bark .
 This only worked on my 10 year-old Bolognese for a short while ; that is , until he figured out that if he barked long enough , the spraying would stop.It may work for dogs who are n't `` obsessed '' with barking . For mine , the maximum of about 20 sprays between refills was obviously nothing he could n't put up with.Like others have stated , be prepared for the unit to start malfunctioning - in my case , it simply stopped spraying after a while despite the large sum of money I spent on new batteries and cans of refill thinking one of those must have been defected . Once it does , the customer service is great and will send you a brand new unit with a set of batteries and a can , but even that does n't change the fact that my dog - and apparently , others ' as well - simply got used to the spray after a while , and just keeps barking away , driving the neighbors crazy .
 I need to return this product . Does not work properly . Would like a replacement of same .
 This seemed to work well at first but our dog quickly got used to it and it no longer detered him from barking ... I have heard it works well for some , it probably depends on your dogs personality .
 Within a day , the product was leaking spray , so became useless . A waste of money .
 this is not a good product i had it on my dog for about 5 minutes . the idea is awsome but when i put it on my dog he wouldnt move because this thing weighs about 1 pound . then when i took him outside , he started rolling around in the grass it started spraying him . this thing works off of vibration not sound . so everytime he would get excited or try and play fetch it would spray him . i do not reccomend this product to anyone . unless you like your dog smelling like bug spray and being scared to move . it did make him not bark but just because he was to scared to do anything .
 My dog quickly learned to turn her head away from the spray . Do not buy this collar ! It does not work !!!
 the information for this product stated that it was for dogs 6 pounds or more . My dog is seven pounds and it is way to large for her , there is absolutely no way this can be used on a small dog , it is way to big . I am unable to return this item because it is a non refundable item . So I paid $ 30 for something that I can not use or return .
 I had really high hopes for this product to stop my dog from barking . I even had a relative that said it worked for her . Unfortunately , my dog toughed it out and would bark until all of the solution ran out and he was back to barking at full force . I probably says more about my dog and my training abilities than the product .
 This collar has absolutely no effect on our springer spaniel 's barking . She just barked and barked until it emptied out . Over and over again . The stuff smells okay and the collar is easy to set up and use , but then it does n't help . I 've been meaning to try and return it .
 the test worked , blowing into it 's senser , but when my dogs barks , does not spray ... total waste of money ...
 I really wanted this to work for our chow / aikita mix ; we were not interested in any of the other collars that involved electric shocks . After visiting a Pet Smart and seeing this exact product for over $ 100 , we instead purchased it for $ 40 on Amazon with the hopes of preventing our dog from waking up the neighborhood early each morning . But because her coat is so thick and furry , the spray would just shoot into her fur and not beyond to reach her snout . We tried positioning it many ways and decided that it would probably be necessary to cut some of her hair back for it to even possibily work . She continued to bark with the collar on , and did not seem effected by the spray . When she finished her barking session , she licked her lips and the air for awhile and then barked again when she heard a noise at the door . We took the collar off the same day it arrived . I really , really wanted it to work . Unfortunately , it seems as if a spray bottle with water works better for us . Maybe the collar will some day be refined for thicker coated dogs and different models will be available . Good luck .
 My dog only barks when he is in his crate . Used exactly as directed and startled him for the first 5 mins to where he did n't bark in his crate . After that he just kept on barking and whining and the collar would spray after every little sound he made , so it was empty in less then 2 mins . And at $ 10 a refill can , it can get very expensive when the can is gone in 2-3 days . We will probably have to go to a vibrating or sound collar , or a shock collar even though we do n't believe they are humane . What to do ?
 I purchased this collar , put it on my dog and it worked for exactly two barks . After that , nothing . I changed the battery but to no avail . This product is a total disappointment . -LRB- Oh , but it worked fine for the first two barks . -RRB- I would give this product zero stars if that were permitted .
 Filled the canister , changed the batteries , the collar never would activate . Tried to return it to Amazon but it is a `` hazardous chemical '' and Amazon wo n't accept it . Very very disappointed with the service of the product and lack of Amazon 's acceptance to return it .
 Just got it yesterday . Does n't work at all . Going to try to get new batteries and whatnot today . I know someone previously mentioned this but I neglected to take warning
 Purchased two collars for two indoor dogs . Both collars worked great for the first few weeks before one suddenly quit working all together . The second one failed too several days later . We have replaced batteries but to no avail . A disappointing purchase as we are beyond the return period and have two collars that are worthless . Like the concept but the execution on these is not ready for prime time .
 I bought this Item 2 months ago for my shitzu and it worked great but the quite lasted less then 2 months . The bad part is i ca n't contact anyone about it ...
 Bought two collars for two different dogs . Small dog , about 20 pounds , is too little to activate dog collar . Big dog , about 85 pounds , is undeterred by spray . Would not recommend .
 We purchased the Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark Collar for our miniature dachshund to help with his barking . When we received the item we tried it right away . It worked great for about 5 barks and then stopped working.We did all the trouble shooting -LRB- i.e. refilling with spray , purchasing another 6V battery -RRB- . All I can say is that this item is junk . Please do not gamble your money away with an item that may or may not work . I will not be purchasing any other products from Premier.No wonder the price on this product is dramatically slashed ... . you get what you pay for !
 My dog 's barking seemed to decrease within a few uses of this product , that 's why after the first one broke after only a week I ordered a replacement . The first one sprayed the Citronella as soon as it was refilled , even when on the off button , and the second one we used for one day , I went to refill it , and nothing happened when I blew on it to test it . I exchanged the battery just in case , used a different refill bottle , and nothing ! One week for the first , 1 day for the second !!!!! Our dog is a 2.5 lb Maltese kept inside , so it 's not excessive wear or water damage . Poor quality ! Great potential !
 We have a mini-dachshund that barks loudly at most anything he sees , so we looked into ways to curb this behavior and ended up at the doorstep of the citronella-spraying anti-bark collar . After it arrived , I tested it on myself and it was quite safe . We took him out for a walk , and of course , he did n't see anything that made him bark . The next day , I made sure it was all charged with the spray and it was on and all of that , and when he saw another dog , he barked ... and nothing . When we got home , I tested it on myself , and sure enough , it was not working . I figured we might have gotten one with a bad battery , so I bought a new battery -LRB- difficult to find ! -RRB- and we tried it again , but it still did n't work.I called Amazon and they sent a new collar . We put it on the dog , and it worked like a dream . He barked , it sprayed . Second bark , it sprayed again . His third bark was muffled , and it sprayed . He did n't bark after that . The next day it worked well and he only half barked once and stopped after he got sprayed . The day after that , it stopped working . We made sure it was filled with the spray , that it had a fresh battery , and again , the replacement was not working.While it was wonderful that Amazon sent a replacement , when it also stopped working immediately after use , it shows that there is something inherently wrong with this product . If it had continued to work , I would have done nothing but sing its praises since it worked so well on the two days it actually worked , but to spend this kind of money for a product to work for only two days is a rip-off .
 It just did n't work for us . We have an Aussie Terrier and he had no problem being sprayed . Could n't have cared less . And we found the collar difficult to use . I felt really dumb for having bought it in the first place . : = -LRB-
 I was so excited to have this collar , but had a hard time getting it on our dog ... most definitely this was user error , but it is confusing ! once I got it on , my dog ran outside , and within 15 minutes had figured out how to pull/chew the collar off . We never got a chance to see if the spray mechanism worked or not .
 Well , the item did what it said it does in regards to spraying when the dog barked , and at first she just lowered her bark to keep it from going off and after a while -LRB- a week or two -RRB- just ignored it completely and barked with no hesitation .
 I bought two of these . The first one did n't spray after a week or so . The second did spray and continued to spray even when the dog was not barking . Two purchases and two defective units . It 's a nice idea but poorly executed . They should make this unit smaller and far more reliable .
 I ordered two of these collars . One of the two worked for a very short time -LRB- like two seconds -RRB- , the other never worked . So now , neither works ! I have an older one -LRB- that 's about three years old -RRB- and it STILL works . Not sure why these are not working at all .
 My old dog is 16 years young and finds a lot of nothing to bark at . Thought this would be a humane way to save him from the neighbor 's automatic weapons . Unfortunately the thing completely unravelled the first night . You buy this , make sure you melt the ends of the collar well . That does n't stop it either sometimes . The spray worked on him the first night . He got used to it though and barking meant more to him than the spray was irritating I suppose . Did n't work so he 's still in his flack jacket .
 Purchased this collar for a very barky dog which did nothing to alleviate the problem . He still barks and the citronella scent does not appear to bother him . The battery does last however , the casing cover does pop off easily .
 This came with very complicated instructions and the caveat that once you stop using , your dog will , indeed , start barking . It requires the dog wearing for several days before using - I 've had the collar for a few weeks and have n't had the time to even start with it because of it 's cmplexity .
 This collar does not work . It might not be harmful to your pet , but it does absolutely nothing to affect their barking . My collar even would spray my dog when he would just run in the backyard . I then tried to return it to Entirely Pets and they DO NOT take any returns which is ridiculous . I have now hired a dog trainer locally and paid $ 80 - for 6 sessions and it has done wonders .
 I have 2 Yorkies . I thought for sure this would deter their barking at people and other dogs while in the back yard . I am not sure if they bark and the spray runs out too quickly , but after a day or so - they are barking at full force with their collars on . I have replaced the battery to troubleshoot , but the barking continues . I have NEVER been unsatisfied with anything I purchased from Amazon before , but I am very dissatisfied with this product .
 I think my dog is just too intelligent for this . She quickly figured out that she could just bark until the citronella runs out ... which was just a small annoyance , not really a deterrant . She also was able to shift the collar 's position so it did n't spray her straight in the face . The citronella collar might work for a dumb dog but not for my australian shephard .
 Item does not work for my dog , , use the shocking collars ...
 ... if you feel the need to resort to a product like this , re-evaluate whether you are spending enough time with your dog . These products are cruel and scare and confuse the poor animal -- like the shock collars . If you are thinking of this , please try reliable low price pet training classes at Petsmart or Petco . Thank you -- an animal lover and WITH TIME and patience , owner of 3 well behaved dogs
 Worked for a few barks then stopped , filling the canister mulitple times did nothing . Save your money .
 This is too sensative . Sprayed my dog everytime he moved or we made a noise in the room .
 This bark collar worked wonders !!! Till it stopped working after two and a half months !! I tried new batteries and more spray to no avail . Do n't buy unless you need it only for two months ...
 Not only did my dog continue to bark , it only got her face wet and made her and the whole house smell horrible . My family and I were gagging , we would never buy this product again .
 It sprays as my shih tzu barks her lung out but does n't stop her from doing it . Will call manufacture to try to get a refund .
 This collar is waaay to big for my small 15 pound dogs.Amazon will not take the item back . DO not order this unless youa re sure of the size ... Very Frustrating ...
 The Pet Safe citronella spray collar to eliminate barking did absolutely no good , My dog did n't seem to mind the spray and continued to bark . A waste of money
 I hate this product and I wish I never would have purchased this . It does n't work at all . First I had to replace the battery the same day I got it and then even after replacing the battery the spray would n't work when my dog barked . The manual suggested that you blow into the mic a couple of times to `` prime '' the spray can - yea , did that and still nothing happened.If you have money to waste then go ahead and try this product - if you are like most of us and want some bang for your buck , pass this one by.I wish I would have done more research before buying this .
 I purchased this hoping it was the more humane thing to do than get a shock collar . I ignored the bad reviews and hoped for the best . I have a 15 lb terrier mix that has a loud bark and with the arrival of a new baby in a month , my husband was urging to me purchase a shock collar which I refuse to do . I thought this would be a compromise . Well the minute we put it on him , my dog jumped up on the couch and it sprayed him , another ten seconds later , he scratched his neck and it sprayed him again , a minute later he whined and it sprayed him . I was so upset , I removed the collar . Thankfully , it has a on/off switch , so when he starts to bark , we put the collar on him as a deterrent . He is smart enough to know that this thing will spray him even though it has never sprayed him when he was actually barking . I 'm honestly reluctant to use this because I feel like my dog is afraid to move in this collar . Also , if you have a smaller dog like I do , you can tell this collar is quite heavy . It is 3 ounces but it looks like a 3lb weight around my dog 's neck . I feel really bad even using it , sometimes when he barks , I just show him the collar and he puts his head down . He is traumatized by this collar . I ca n't believe this is on the market and I 'm suprised at the rave reviews . This is a waste of money as the Thunder Jacket was . I never bothered to return this item as I already read other buyers saying Amazon does n't take returns on this .
 We have a toy poodle that barks and grumbles at just about any noise . Have had enough so we bought this product.At first the dog was freaked out by the spay , -LRB- the house smelled good -RRB- but the container that holds the spray is used very quicklyand I think the dog caught on to that . The batties also dont last that long . I would take it off at night -LRB- yes I would shut it off -RRB- and in the morning before going to work Iwould put it back on so when I came home I was not arriving home greeted by his barking . I found that we were either dealing with ... container empty of spray or batteries dead ... ? Time to move on to a shock collar ...
 I 'm very disappointed in this product . I used it twice on my dog and it seemed to work . The third time I tried to use it , nothing happened . I figured the battery must have died . So after a few weeks I finally find a replacement battery at Walgreens , and it STILL does not work . So I refilled the reservoir -LRB- not that it needed it after only 2 uses -RRB- , and guess what - still does n't work . I just contacted Amazon , I hope they 'll replace it or give me a refund . It did work those 2 times , so I 'd like to try again - with a device that actually works .
 I think Premier Pets must have changed the way the internal components of this collar works because I have an older collar from the company that did a great job . It broke after 4 years . This new collar however , sprays for no apparent reason -- even at the slightest noise like clicking the collar into place . It sprays about 5 times and then runs out of spray.It sprays my dog when he whines even slightly - and being he smart bugger he is , he has figured out that if he does a low level whining for about 2 minutes , the collar will run out of spray and then he 's free to bark as much as he wants.So in short , this product is not an effective BARK collar , in fact , I think it agitates the dog so much , it 's rather disturbing . Too bad there 's no refund on this item because it sucks .
 The product did not work . The battery may have been dead because when I tried to test it as recommended in the instructions , nothing happened . Also , it is very heavy for my small dogs and can not be fastened snugly on them . I would not recommend this product .
 Unfortunately this collar sucks ... it sprays my dog for no apparent reason ... There is no way to adjust the sensitivity of the unit . The collar has a `` snug 2 finger fit '' around her neck and her normal collar is removed . . if she jumps down the back steps it goes off ... If she shakes her body at all it goes off ... I have yet to see it work on a bark . I 'd return it but I do n't have the packaging ...
 This collar is so sensitive that it would spray my dog when he yawned , wiped his face on the ground , and growled.It even sprayed him when my upstairs neighbors dog barked ! My poor dog was so confused and freaked out by this collar I took it off within the first two hours and never put it back on . Am now using a ultrasonic anti bark device and this works great .
 I have a pomeranian and this item was too large to put around her neck . In addition , it could only hold enough citronella spray for one or two barks and then it needed to be refilled again . I would n't recommend this product .
 My dog just shook her head and kept barking - eventually the spray ran dry and she was able to bark without shaking her head .
 For our dog , this product seemed to work for about two days . But after that point he just got used to the spray and does not seem to mind anymore getting sprayed in the face.Our first spray collar did not spray every time . Only every third or fourth bark . So we returned that and got another which is more reliable but he has become immune.We did try it on our other dog and she did not like the spray . She has stopped barking when she wears it . My older dog is hopeless .
 This does nothing but make my little terrier more mad and bark more !! It did not work for her at all if anything made it worse !! And on top of it all my money is wasted on this piece of junk because amazon wont return it since its considered a `` hazardous '' item ... I have been shopping alot with amazon lately but after today im DONE . . the pet store would of happily returned my money . . I will be shopping there from now on !
 After reading all of the reviews and being frustrated with my dog , I broke down and bought the collar . Within minutes my dog was sprayed , however , he didnt bark yet . The device sprayed my dog for swallowing , yawning and whining . My dog was scared to death and was shaking and cowering at my side ... and he 's an 80 pound GSP . I understand it works for most dogs but I 've seen a couple of reviews such as mine . If you do decide to try it out , be sure you 're with your dog in case something like this happens .
 I bought this for or pug who constantly barks at everything that moves . Very annoying , especially when you are trying to watch TV and the dog is walking back and forth patrolling the show and waiting to attack . The collar worked very well for about a week and then it just quite . I replaced the battery and filled the collar and nothing . Looked it over and ca n't find anything wrong with it . If I had to do over I would get a shock collar and just turn it very low . The spray sounded like a good idea but it just did not last .
 We have bought 2 sets of these collars . The first two began to leak the citronella spray after a couple of months . We have one that is still working from the second set which has a different `` updated '' look . But this company sells under the names of Innotec , Multivet and Premiere . So do not be fooled . You will get the same product from them all and it is not reliable for long . Too much to spend for only a few months of use . We are going with a more reliable and trusted brand this time , like Petsafe .
 Collar sprays dog even when dog is not barking . It is very confusing as he gets randomly blasted in the face with citronella . Collar is easy to refill and simple to use just wish it was more predictable . I ordered the multivet which has better reviews but this is the collar I received .
 With our neighbors complaining about our dog 's barking , we decided to get a bark collar , but were hesitant about a shock collar . The first few times it seemed to be working , and we would come back to a quite , albeit citronella-scented , dog . Unfortunately , he soon figured out that if he kept barking , he could run the amount of spray out , and as it is not painful , he was quite willing to put up with the scent . We soon were getting calls again and had to break down and purchase a shock collar , which has been working . If the collar could hold a lot more citronella , it might have worked , but each time we came home it would be empty .
 We bought this product on Amazon . It was exciting for us because it actually worked ! ... for not even a week and then it started leaking . The spray wo n't stop just keep coming out slowly even in `` OFF '' position . The worst part is that you ca n't even return it . I do not recommend this product .
 We heard about the product from our family vet and we did n't want to use a shock collar . I bought this online because it averages $ 100 on the store shelf . I 'm so happy that I only spent $ 30 because it worked for about the first 2 days and then my dog figured that if he kept on barking , the spray would run out . Our house wreaked of citronella and this just was not a good investment overall . It 's too bad too . .
 This collar did n't work on our blue heeler mix . It stops him from barking but does n't have the lasting power to keep up with his repeated attempts . I am having to refill it daily and the cans of citronella are almost $ 12 and do n't last for that many refills . Good in theory , not in practice . I will have to use something longer lasting for my persistent barker .
 With the switch either off or on , when I fill the reservoir , all of the Citronella solution sprays out through the valve . There is not enough time to get it on the dog . It is totally insensitive to noises . I 'd send this puppy back if I thought I could get my money back.Anyone else having similar problems ? Any suggestions ?
 I have purchased a total of three of these collar . They seem to work great for a while then they they need the dog to bark louder and more often to get them to activate . Then , after a few months , they quit working altogether . I check the charge and the batteries and that 's not the problem . I do n't think they are for large outdoor dogs .
 This collar is 100 % awful . I actually paid $ 99 for it at one of the big pet stores , so at least Amazon has a much lower price . That being said , this thing is n't worth a penny . Apparently it worked for some of the dogs mentioned in these reviews , but all it did to my dog was go off in his face at random times -LRB- not when he barked -RRB- , which did nothing but terrify and confuse him . It 's a bulky collar , but I have a big dog so that was n't a problem . I ca n't imagine using this on a small dog though . Also , the citronella smell is awful and makes the whole room stink for hours . Do yourself and your dog a favor and avoid this collar .
 We recently received notice from our neighbors that our two Labradors had been barking for extended periods of time during our absence . After the product was recommended to us by friends with a similar problem , we purchased three of the collars -LRB- one extra -RRB- and a 3 pack of refill cans.Unfortunately , the collar straps were narrow and loosened easily on our dogs , twice coming off , despite frequent tightening . Eventually we were able to utilize rubber bands to help secure the collars so that they remained on the dogs throughout the day . Not exactly what we wanted to do after spending more than $ 30 on a device.We prepared the collars as instructed and both worked properly when tested . We witnessed the device in action for the first time when one of the dogs began barking during a knock on the front door . Immediately upon being sprayed the dog stopped barking . We also found the collars to be effective while we were away with no further reports of incessant barking according to our neighbors.Unfortunately , our excitement was short lived . Both collars stopped working after about a week of use ! We 've tried all suggestions in the troubleshooting guide and have had no success . And while Amazon has always been great about returns , we just learned that these collars CAN NOT BE RETURNED due to their flammable contents . If you read through all of the customer reviews , including those with one star , you will see numerous reports of the collars simply not working.I am deeply disappointed in the quality of these collars , the inability to return them and the continued availability of this sub-par product on the Amazon.com website.Buyer beware ! Or , better yet - simply do not make this purchase .
 I bought this in hopes to prevent my Jack Russell Terrier from being such a barking terror ! He 's somewhat rowdy and enjoys barking quite a lot ... . I had bought one of those electric collars that emits a piercing sound but this just drove him insane and he would freak out trying to get the sound -LRB- I know it sounds weird but if your dog does it , you should know what I mean -RRB- so that did n't work . That 's why I moved on to this anti-bark collar.I 'll be honest ... this collar works very well as long as he is wearing it but as soon as you take it off , he starts barking again . The reason he stops barking is because of the spray , however the collar is somewhat bulky and weighty on their neck -LRB- and probably very uncomfortable -RRB- so he seems to have associated any type of collar with a box on the front as being the anti-bark collar and does n't bark nearly as much -LRB- even when there is no spray or when it 's turned off or even if it 's not an anti-bark collar at all !! -RRB- I 'm sure not all dogs are like mine so this collar probably does prevent some dogs from never -LRB- or rarely -RRB- barking again , but it has n't done too well with my dog -LRB- unless he 's wearing it , like I said -RRB- I have grown used to the citronella scent and now think it smells good -LRB- and I do n't have to spray air freshener as often !! -RRB- but they also have some scent-free spray , which seems to work just as well.With a money back guarantee , I 'd recommend trying the collar for your dog , as it might actually help !! And I still use the anti-bark collar but I just wish there was some way of making it smaller and therefore not as obvious to the dog once the collar is removed . = -RRB-
 The collar worked for two days , but thereafter , our dog decided to put up with the smell just so he could keep barking .
 Worked good at first , except when other dogs or loud sounds were around . It works off of a microphone , so when another dog barked anywhere near my dog , the thing went off . so , we were constantly having to turn the thing on and off . No big deal , still liked it . however , within a month it just quit working . Replaced the battery after going to 5 stores to find the right size , and $ 10 late , still nothing.After doing more reading , I 'm now going to buy the high-sound emitting one that works off of vibrations instead of a microphone . I 'm hoping this will be one we can keep on her even if we 're not home .
 and I do n't mean with the dog ! The collar itself started leaking the citronella spray constantly which in turn wore down the battery . That of course also confused my dog . My dog was miserable until I figured out that it was silently leaking spray all the time . He was depressed and cowering because he did n't know what he had done to cause the spray to spray . I have no idea if it would have worked on him or not . I will be returning the product .
 Have been using collar for about a month . Was very effective when it worked . No longer works -LRB- does n't spray -RRB- . Filled as instructed . Checked battery which is ok . But back to the barking dog!Bummer ! Question -- can I return it without its original packaging ?
 I have a fairly easy dog to train , a standard collie -LRB- she looks like Lassie -RRB- . She trained in 3 days for the invisible fence but barks at trucks , motor cycles , cars , joggers and people walking with dogs . She only barks for a minute but we thought we would try the citronella collar rather than something more harsh . Our veteranarian did recommend it . Unfortunately , it just wo n't work for her . We are very disappointed . Any suggestions ?
 I tried this collar and had to send it back because it sprayed him on numerous occasions as he was sitting quietly . I am going to try it again because I really do n't want a shock collar .
 He just looks away from where the spray emits -- and barks again!It also does n't work 100 % of the time ... and we 're not sure why . When we fill it , it seems to work fairly well right after but it either does not have as many sprays as it is supposed to , or it is n't working very long.It does work well for my other small dog who is not such a persistent barker . Terriers are just too stubborn to care if they 're getting sprayed , I guess .
 Sometimes it sprays when she barks , most of the time it does n't . So I would say its effectiveness has been rather low . It 's not the battery or the fill level - maybe it just depends on the dog . I can bark into it myself and it sprays just fine . -LRB- My children found this amusing . -RRB-
 My dog can bark for 1 hour and never once has the spray went off ... then when I request return I am told it is not refundable . . I would understand if it worked when the dog barked but did n't stop the barking . . but it doesnt work at all . . this is my 2nd time Amazone has sold me a bad item in 5 months and i GOT THE RUN AROUND ... we are done with them because of this .
 Purchased the product in the hopes that it would stop my puppies whining habit . The whining was too high of pitch to be picked up by the microphone , so it did not work for this use.The collar was useful in curbing some barking . It was quick to run out of spray -LRB- about 15 puffs per refill -RRB- , and refilling it involves removing the collar from the dog . The battery also dies very quickly , so do not leave the collar on for a prolonged session.When the first battery died , the collar never worked again . I tried replacing batteries with Premier Spray brand and Radio shack brand . Once replaced , the microphone would not pick up anything less then a loud yell directly into the mic -LRB- PS careful when you try this , as its easy to spray yourself in the face , speaking from personal experience here : -RRB-
 I have 2 toy poodles . They each weigh 6 lbs . When I put the collar on them the walk around like I have placed a ball and chain around their neck . The collar is far to large and heavy for a small dog . Not only that but it does n't spray when they bark !!!
 This collar worked so well , I was such a happy girl ! Our dog barks at anything walking by , and often wakes up our baby from her naps . This collar worked amazingly well . For about a month or two . Then it just stopped working , and the dog continued to bark away . I filled it with more citronella , tested it by blowing on the microphone , and it clicks like it 's going to release citronella but it never does . Amazon wo n't take it back because it has pressurized gas , and I do n't see any contact information for the manufacturer to see if they 'll replace it . Also , the plastic buckle is really flimsy and let 's the collar loosen . Bummer that companies can get away with not standing behind their products .
 Collar worked great for only two days . Then it died . Amazon would not replace with an exchange . Had to contact Premier for help .
 For the first day this collar worked great . It startled my small dog when she barked and I really think she would have learned not to bark had the collar worked for more than a day . When we put it on her the next day , it simply did n't work . I was so disappointed . We thought perhaps it needed to be refilled but no , it just failed to work . I have requested another collar to be sent , I 'd like to give it another try . Perhaps this one was defective .
 Bought this product to curb some solitary barking , but my girl is a smart one and figured out that if she barked long enough , the spray would run out . I 'm disappointed .
 The premier anti-bark collar worked well at first and is a great idea . However , I found the battery wore down quickly . The batteries it uses are real expensive . The collar still did n't work after I replaced the battery possibly because the expensive battery had sat on the store shelf for too long . I do n't feel I can afford to maintain this collar .
 Definitely not the right product for a hound . We have a Treeing Walker that we adopted from the shelter last year , and he barks A LOT . He barks so much that a neighbor called the Humane Officer and complained . We tried the collar on the recommendations of a friend who had used one with much success and our vet . Copper quickly learned that he could bark through the contents of the collar quickly then he was free to bark to his heart 's content - much to the annoyance of everyone around . Also , the first collar we received clogged within a week and had to be returned to the manufacturer . The second collar worked fine for a month , with very frequent refillings , and then clogged just like the first one . I will say this for Premier , they are very responsive to complaints and want to work with you to solve any problems . It 's unfortunate that this collar did n't work , but we 'll keep searching for another solution .
 This product worked well for about a month . My dog only needed it on a few times . After about the 6th use it kept on spraying even though she had stopped barking which defeated the purpose . It wo n't keep the citronella charge at all . It keeps spraying out.Not worth the money .
 Having read the other reviews of this product on this site , I decided to go ahead and give these collars a shot despite some of the problems other reviewers had encountered . I ordered three of these products from this site , and when they arrived , not a single one of them worked - at all . They were completely useless and despite trying everything other reviewers and the manufacturer suggested , these products are completely useless . Although I have contacted the manufacturer of this product about the defects , I would still like the buyer to be aware that if purchasing this product from this website , that if the product does not work , it can not be returned for a refund or even exchanged . Thus , your credit card will still be billed , your dogs will still be barking , and you may get stuck with products that are worthless .
 I had high hopes for this collar , but after a few days of use , my Westie quickly learned that he could `` out-bark '' the resevoir of Citronella spray -LRB- it only lasts for about 25 sprays -RRB- . This purchase was a total loss for my dog.Oh , well , I guess I 'm back to the static shock correction .
 This collar worked well for the first couple weeks . The spray did a wonderfull job of cutting off my pit bulls ' barking escalation in the mornings as my roomates left for work . But the collar died within two weeks . It was fully charged with spray and I put in a new battery but nothing happens anymore . I expected more for my money than a lousy two weeks . Would not purchase again .
 Open the spray collar and it worked well for about 10 minutes , then started spraying out contstantly . in my opinion this product is garbage ! Amazon did a great job with customer service by refunding money
 The collar works well but the product is designed so that the batteries wear down quickly and it seems whenever I need to use it the batteries are dead . It is an intentional design flaw by the manufacturer to keep you buying their way overpriced batteries.Unless you are superhuman and never distracted and remember to turn the collar off after each use you will lose your mind with frustration .
 I knew this would be hit or miss . Works for some dogs , not for others . My dog has too much fur around his face for this to be effective . Was worth a try
 To sum it up briefly , I am out $ 30 and change for a bark collar that was way too sensitive . My dog could n't break wind without getting sprayed in the face with the citronella . The room and the dog quickly wreaked of citronella -LRB- which was worse than his wind -RRB- . Two thumbs down . If the manufacturer could get down the sensitivity issue and adjust it so it was activated only by a bark and not a whimper or a yawn , this could be a great product . Also , I witnessed my dog trying to sleep in his kennel and the spray collar was literally going off for no apparent reason . I tried adjusting it many different ways with no better results .
 While it was operative it worked to stop the barking but unfortunately the unit stopped spraying after only 4 days .
 I had hoped this product would work , unfortunately after one `` Spray '' the collar stopped working . I bought new batteries , no luck . However , Amazon was great - because it 's not returnable , they just credited my card .
 The product arrived quickly from Amazon and is a great deal - practically wholesale price . We let our 75 lb . Dalmatian wear it for 3 days as part of the `` training '' routine before turning it on . Then we filled it , tested it , and it worked great for a couple days -LRB- he virtually stopped barking -RRB- before it simply stopped working . Tried a new battery , nothing.Called Premier customer service and the response was quick and courteous . I 'm sending it back for a replacement while I purchase another one from Amazon.com . From the research I did , I could n't find a better alternative - if I 'm wrong , please let me know . I 'm willing to give it one more try since it worked so well initially . Hopefully the one we had was simply defective . I 'll try and remember to write back with an update.As far as the battery that comes with it - the replacement battery I bought was a Duracell 28L lithium battery for $ 6.75 and the local Battery Plus store . It is supposed to last 3-4x longer than the alkaline battery that ships with the collar . Incidentally , the battery that shipped with it is still full -LRB- used a battery tester -RRB- , so now we 're stoked up on batteries . Hopefully the next one will last longer !
 This collar worked wonders on my dog . She would bark at anything that moved . I did n't want to use a shock collar so I thought this would be a good alternative . Although the results were better than I expected the collar quit working after just 1 week .
 I wanted to get something humane to quiet my dog -LRB- male lab . -RRB- It worked for maybe two days . He would start to bark and then be caught off guard by the spray and stop . Now it does n't bother him at all.Keep in mind when buying this product , it does n't work for all dogs and it 's non-refundable , so you might be better off trying something else .
 I 've had great luck with the PREMIER brand of `` anti-bark '' collars . I used this one for about three weeks when it was new ; then I did n't need it until one month ago . It did n't work . Turns out that this anti-bark system was made in China under the `` multivet-inter '' brand . My goof since I did n't realize that I had n't gotten what I ordered .
 I friend recommend this product to me , but I did n't care for it at all . The spraying of citronella was over powering for my dog whenever he barked . I needed to wash my dog thoroughly because the smell made him sneeze too strong .
 I tired to use it once , and my dog ignored it . The next time I tried to use it , it did n't work , so I am in the process of returning it .
 I bought this collar a month ago to help control my dog 's bark issues . It worked for a couple of weeks and kept my pug from his manic bark fits . After the shock of the spray wore off my dog just lets the collar spray itself empty during his barking fits . My dog sprayed a lot of guests by barking at them so we will have to resort to shock trainer collars instead .
 I have a 65lb sled dog who 's breed is prone to bark a lot . His hair is trimmed short around his neck where the collar fits . The collar was fitted to allow for one finger looseness and it is pointed in the direction of his snout per the petsafe directions . There are no adjustments for pitch or sensitivity ; just an on and off switch . The problem is that this collar only sprays when a lower pitch bark is detected . The collar does not pick up higher pitched barks or the constant &#34; yipping &#34; barks , but only the lower pitch barks which our dog does much less of .
 chair squeaks - sprays my doganother dog barks - sprays my dog.this collar has turned my dog into a neurotic mess .
 It does n't work . I should have popped for the extra twenty or so bucks for a more expensive collar . We used it three or four times and realized that the dang thing does not spray when the dog barks . It 's a joke .
 We 've purchased Petsafe products in the past and have been pleased with them . This item , however , was a big disappointment . It does not work , and even though we have all of the packaging , we ca n't return it because the citronella is considered a &#34; hazardous material . &#34; Do n't waste your money on this collar .
 i RECEIVED IT AND IT DID NOT WORK AT ALL I HAD TROUBLE WITH THE COMPANY IN GETTING IT EXCHANGED WE CALLED THEM 5 TIMES AND FINALLY TOLD THEM WE WANTED TO RETURN IT FOR A REFUND . WE RETURNED IT OVER 2 WEEKS AGO AND STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE REFUND FROM THEM . I WILL PROBABLY NOT BUY ANYTHING OTHER THEN BOOKS FROM HERE AGAIN . THE COMPANY IS ENTIRELY PETS
 I purchased two of these through Amazon . One of the two did not work at all . I was unable to return to Amazon -LRB- for safety reasons concerning the butane refill -RRB- . I paid to send the device to Premier and the manufacturer sent a replacement . After using it a couple of times , the collar would not stop spraying the citronella even after it was turned off!When I then tried the second new one , the device over heated and was hot to the touch where the battery resides . If you do use this product be careful and never leave it on when you are not there to see how it performs .
 Ok , here 's the deal . I have had about 8 of these . I LOVE them right when I get them and for about 2-3 weeks . I know you are probably thinking ; `` give it up '' . but there are n't many others to choose from if you do n't want to go the shock collar solution.The collars are really sensitive , even to growling ... in the beginning . My weimaraner responds to it and all is fabulous -LRB- I only use it 2-3 hours a day -RRB- . Then something always goes wrong . The spray comes out all at once -LRB- really mean to the dog ... and confusing when it happens when they are n't even barking ! -RRB- , it makes a buzzing sound -LRB- annoying -RRB- , or it just stops working . I replace the battery & refill the spray and it does n't fix it . I then call customer service @ 800-933-5595 and they happily replace them , over , and over again . I feel badly , but hey , I bought it -LRB- at a store -RRB- for $ 50 ! and they stand by their products . It 's getting really old . I love the company and think they are great , but the last time I called they said they 've been getting a lot of complaints lately and have switched the maker and strongly believe it will be better this time and they feel badly about `` all the trouble '' . I received it . . and the same thing happened . So ... Do n't just sit there with it . Call customer service , they will ship it for free and give you pre-paid packaging to return the `` defective '' one , the more complaints , the more apt they are to make a better product .
 purchased two of these as I have 2 dogs . One of them never worked - I even purchased extra batteries , but that didnt work either . The other worked for a few days , and than got stuck n a continuious spray .
 We ordered one of these for each of our two dogs , a Cairn Terrier and a Westie . One of the two did not function at all ; the sprayer did not respond to noise . When I tried to go through the online return procedure , I was told that the collar was not returnable for `` health reasons . '' However , when I called to complain , they said they would go ahead and send another without our having to return the first ; that was good . Then for awhile we had two working collars , and that was great . Both of our dogs DID respond to the spraying . We would put them on them only when they were out in the yard for awhile , and it was great ; instead of constant barking at the neighbors dogs , people walking by , etc. , it was quiet . After some sprays , they learned that when the collar was on , it was best not to bark at all ! They were also very useful on walks ; one of our dogs used to go nuts when cars went by , barking and trying to chase them . We found that with the barking inhibited , the attempts at car-chasing stopped - it was like if he started barking , he worked himself into a frenzy , and so with the bark nipped in the bud , he became calmer.Why only two stars for the review ? After just about a month of use , one of the collars has now stopped functioning -- it does n't spray . We tried a new battery , and that 's not it . So , of the three collars that we have had , two were defective -- not a great track record ! It 's a shame , because `` when they work , they work . `` Update
 This item worked brilliantly for the first 3 months . Since then it has required two battery changes and several refills . Now it does not work at all . It does n't spray the citronella at all , whether the dog barks or whether we test it at close range with loud noises . I am convinced it is broken and there does n't appear to be an recourse here apart from ordering another which I will not do .
 Did not work for our stubborn shelties . It sprayed as intended , but I think they like the smell of the citronella because they keep barking . It worked for the first day as it startled them , but not any more . So we still have barking dogs and now have a house that smells of citronella .
 Bought 2 of these since I have 2 dogs that have barking matches . The collar worked immediately on 1 of them ... Until the battery died hours later . The other dog just learned how to bark under her breath so that the collar didnt trigger . The batteries in both collars died after 5 hours , and they arent standard or even semi standard sizes . Cant find them anywhere but online . And because its citronella , returning this product isnt an option . Dont bother wasting your money .
 This device would spray my dog when it would be doing absolutely nothing . Not just once , but over and over . It even sprayed my 1 year old boy in the face when my dog was walking by him . It turned her into a neurotic mess for a good 24-hour period . I tried to get it off of her , but she would n't let me near her . She ultimately escaped from the backyard and ran all over town trying to get away from the citronella.Another note for potential purchasers
 It worked ... at first , but the effects wore off too soon to become effective . That and the collar kept falling off and we would have to search our two acres to find it . Beware , it seems like you can not return this order because of `` hazardous material . '' We are out the cost of this item with seemingly no recourse .
 I have purchased two of these collars and they are great when they work . But at disposable workmanship , they should be at disposable prices . When I purchased a new one to replace the one that stopped working out of nowhere , the replacement stopped working as well after only a month of use.If I could have given a zero rating , I would have.Will NEVER purchase another one of these from PetSafe . I am left to try a competitor now .
 Bought two of these , used on dogs in enclosed covered kennel , worked wonderful for first week or two , then one stopped working and the other felt left out , so it stopped working as well . New batteries , ensuring citronella filled did NOTHING.Junk . Do n't waste your time .
 Let me start by saying that this review is of the product and not the supplier . I purchased the collar because I liked the idea of using the spray as opposed to the shock type collar.I received the collar and filled it with the spray and tested as outlined in the instructions that were supplied . After turning on the switch and placing it on our dog , it worked as advertised ... for a while . Even though I turned it off , it seemed to go through batteries at an amazing pace -LRB- 3 in 3 weeks -RRB- . As tip to those who have more success than I , buy them at Target in the electronics department . Check the cross reference on the Net for the correct battery type as they are not the most common variety . I do n't know if my issue is a user issue or if it is inherent in the product.I personally would not buy it again but it was worth the try . As they say `` your results may differ `` Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark Collar
 My dog just did n't think the citronella was that big of a deal . He just kept on barking .
 This worked great ... while it lasted . We tried refilling it and changed the battery but nothing worked . Would like to return and exchange but when I tried , it says that it is `` non-returnable '' because it contains flammable liquids . If I 'm wrong and there is a way to get an exchange or refund , someone please let me know !
 I purchased this item through Amazon a few weeks ago and the first few days my lab was responding well to the spray . But that did n't last long ! Now he is back to the same routine of barking uncontrollably while getting sprayed 30 or so times in the face . It does n't phase him ! Also , the battery died after only 2 weeks of use and had to replace it ! I am now researching the bark shock collar !
 while it worked it was effective , but after 2 days the spray nozzle started leaking citronella all over the place . amazon would not accept a return , luckily premier did , hopefully the replacement will work better .
 I receieved the item on Friday and started to use it on my 50lb german shepard on Saturday . It worked by spraying when he barked the first few times and he stop barking but then it malfuncation and continued to spray without him barking . It seems like a might work but I would n't waste my money on it again . Maybe get a remote control device better . I called Amazon to complain about the product and it being defective and they said that they no longer carrying the item so they gave me a full refund and it showed up in my credit the next day .
 The first month of this product was great . My only complaint was that the bark sensor was too sensitive -LRB- my beagle would sneeze and it would spray -RRB- . After about a month or so of use , it stopped working altogether . I replaced the battery , refilled the citronella , nothing . I like the idea of the product but there is much room for improvement .
 I bought three collars for my dogs , it turns out only one even worked and that was for a whole two days ! I want to return them and Amazon wo n't even let me do that due to the citronella being hazardous . A complete waste of money and shame on Amazon for not telling you up front to forget trying to return it !
 My last bark collar stopped working -LRB- the older version -RRB- . They made a new model -LRB- this ASIN -RRB- and it 's worse than the last one . This new model is way too sensitive and sprays when another dog barks next to my dog . This increased sensitivity causes the collar to keep spraying until its empty -LRB- and useless at that point -RRB- . I ca n't use the shock bark collar because he already has a shock collar to stay within the yard -LRB- would just cause confusion as to why hes getting shocked within my yard -RRB- I will have to return this apparently . . I wish they still had the older model of this collar . Looks like I 'll have to find the older model at another retailer , it worked great ! Do n't waste your money on this newer model .
 I bought this collar for a bigger dog -LRB- part bulldog , part boxer -RRB- , who barks while family is trying to watch tv . The collar did work but it ran out of spray after only 5 or 6 barks and then you have to refill it which becomes a pain . The collar itself is made poorly & needs to be readjusted often . In addition to that the dog quickly learned not only how to see if the collar was empty but also learned how to use the collar to spray the other dogs who were not misbehaving and this is not a particularly smart dog . The collar also sometimes sprays if there is any noise including growls or just heavy breathing or one of the other dogs barks too close to the collar which seems unfair . It did seem to curb the problem somewhat but certainly does n't eliminate it , in addition the smell inside would be quite dangerous to anyone prone to respiratory problems . I would not recommend it .
 I have a 9-year-old Pekingese who barks whenever a leaf blows by . This bark collar did not even phase him -LRB- and neither did the electronic zapping kind -RRB- . It was definitely `` working '' because I could see the spray shooting out but my dog just kept on barking . Also , the spray runs out incredibly fast . It must be refilled several times per day . The entire can that it comes with lasted about 2-3 days before it was empty . Ridiculous . I will be returning this product . This product may be useful to train puppies before they assume crazy barking habits but for an older dog that is set in his ways , forget it .
 We have two dogs , and we are disappointed with the performance and the quality of the Premier citronella bark collar . It worked okay with one dog , and not at all on the other . The collar 's quality was not what we expected for the price . We returned one because the dispenser on the collar leaked . There was no problem with the return , but the replacement leaked after a while also . The collar is made of nylon with the usual catch . However , it has a flimsy adjustment piece that easily becomes unadjusted , making it useless . We liked the safety concept despite the cloud of citronella created when our one dog was intelligent enough to outsmart the 20 spray maximum . We had to recharge the dispenser several times during the training period . Despite its safety , we are disatisfied enough to warn others that this product is not worth a fraction of what it costs .
 It only actually activated maybe twice , despite days of trying the collar and hundreds of barks . We tried a fresh battery , too . Only when the dog did a really loud , long howl did it activate . The couple times it did , she did stop barking . We may look into getting a remote-controlled spray collar that we can activate . The sensor on this one did n't work for our dog .
 Great product until it broke 2 weeks in . I should have bought it at Petsmart so I could return it .
 This does not work for our Beagle . He is scared to death to move , He gets sprayed when he is n't even doing anything because any noise sets it off , and I ca n't breath because there is a horrible `` tasting '' fume that lingers in my house ! AND you ca n't return it .
 this product DID NOT work AT ALL on my dog . I have a great pyrnees . i tried to return it and i could n't because of the spray was labeled haz material . so im stuck and out of 40.00 .
 My 11 month old lab puppy is crazy about barking . The collar worked until she figured out that if she kept barking it would stop spraying after a little while . No luck with this product . Sorry
 I was hoping this would help but it did n't . A lot of noises can set off the spray mechanism and eventually my dog became unphased by the citronella . We used it for a couple of weeks and it stopped spraying . Yes we changed the battery ... Yes we refilled it with spray ... The nozzle makes a hiss like it 's clogged and nothing happens . Premier really does n't have much support through the website so I do n't know what to do ...
 I got the product because my dog was having barking fits in his new environment . It worked but after a while the mechanism gave out and did n't hold the spray . I tried two and they both gave out after a month or so . The batteries are expensive too . I switched to the kind that gives off a high pitched tone a couple days ago and it seems to be working fine .
 My mother has had this work for her Bichon , but for my Cairn Terrier it does not work . He just continues to bark and gets angrier as it sprays him , thinking that whatever he is barking at is causing it . Mechanically , it works fine , but I am not sure it is the thing for terriers ...
 I bought this product thinking it was very humane . My dog got sprayed once , after barking , and was so tramatized by the citronella spray that she ran into her crate and cowered , trembling with her tail tucked tight . I immediately took the collar off , but it took until the following morning , -LRB- the initial spray was at about 9pm -RRB- , until she was herself again . I then thought that perhaps it was just the citronella scent , and so was going to try the unscented spray , but on the can it says ` do n't get on eyes or skin ' and all I could think of was ` hello , what do they think a dog 's nose is ? ' . I 'm now looking into ultrasonic bark control .
 2nd day of using this collar and unfortunately , it does n't seem to faze my 11lb miniature Dachshund , though it is fairly bulky for such a small dog . She adapted to the extra weight of the collar , and does n't seemed bothered by it at all . I 've put it on her for about an hour in the mornings and a couple of hours each night so far . As far as I know the device is working , though I ca n't smell anything or notice my dog reacting to it at all . For how much she is barking , I expected to smell even a hint of the citronella , but nope . Like I said , it does not distract her from her persistent barking -LRB- at &#34; perceived noises outside , doorbells on TV , anything that sounds like knocking on a door -RRB- . I will likely return this item .
 Did n't slow him down any that I could tell but a friend had a better experience . May be that his neck hair blocked the spray somewhat .
 My Freckles , age 15 months did n't mind the smell of citrinella at all . She just barked like she normally does . The first day it seemed to be a deterent but as days went by she just barked and barked . She would smell like a candle when she came in .
 http://www.amazon.com/Premier-Spray-Sense-Anti-Collar/dp/B0002D31QU/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_topI must have a bad collar because it does not even spray out half the time the dog barks.I 'm not satisfied with the product at all
 Unfortunately my dog must be more stubborn then most . She is a spirited West Highland Terrier who feels it is her responsibility to bark if the wind blows ... unfortunately the neighbors do n't feel the same way ! The collar sprays and she literally continues to bark through it , even as it continues to spray again and again . She could care less ! Ugggh . I guess I will have to try the shock collar : -LRB-
 This product stopped working after one day ! When I wanted to return it - got the message that could not be returned because of the spray can included in the package , but Amazon was great and refunded the price . Although it says it is shipped from Amazon , the packaging on this product was not your typical packaging . The packager had taken a larger amazon box and broke it down and used a massive amount of shipping tape to make it work - weird - makes me think it was not shipped from Amazon .
 I did not find this product helpful for my Basset Hound . She did not seem to notice the spray and was not distracted from her annoying barking .
 For about the first month or so , this worked wonders . Our avid barker was blissfully silent , and we were thrilled that we had found a humane way to deal with her nuisance barking ! However , she soon realized that she could just bark repeatedly and empty the spray canister , leaving her to bark without consequence . Darn it !
 Previously I reviewed this positively however after using it for several months it no longer was an effective deterrent for barking . My Basset loves to bark and is very loud . I have since bought the a battery bark collar which works fine .
 All this product does is fumigate the house with citrus smell that can get quite irritating . It does NOT however , stop my sheltie from barking .
 This bark collar works really well on my dog . It is a must have . BUT , the first one we purchased lasted about 16 months -LRB- not bad , I thought , I 'll just buy a new one -RRB- . I recently purchased a second collar and it leaked all over my dog on day one . Amazon was veary helpfull and they are replacing it for free . I hope this third collar is the one .
 Initially we were ecstatic over this collar . When the first burst of citronella bloomed after our dachshund cut loose barking we all cheered ... it stopped him immediately . Within one day the barking was completely controlled . He even refrained from barking when the collar was turned off - he must really hate the smell of citronella . We also got a sort of two for one special ... when our other dachsund barked while standing next to the one wearing the collar , it went off . It will also discharge for certain pitches of whining . Unfortunately , if you leave the unit on it burns through a battery a day . The battery is a 6V which is not easy to find and costs around $ 4 . We are hoping that this issue is due to our having a defective unit and that it can be exchanged for one that does n't tear through batteries . Otherwise this is an expensive training program . In addition , now that the battery keeps dying , our dog is back to barking .
 Installed new battery but there was no light to show that unit was working . Dog was barking , turned it on about 10 ft away and nothing than put by dogs ear and dog just kept barking ... Lee
 The one star is because the one I received with this order does n't work , and it 's unreturnable . Very sad . I had one that a friend let me borrow for a while , and it worked very well ! I ordered one a few months ago , and it did n't work either . I was still using the borrowed one , so I did n't get a request for a replacement soon enough ; so I just let the matter go . This is the second one I 've ordered from Amazon , and it doest n't work either . I thought I 'd be able to get a replacement , but no . The reason is that the citronelle is considered dangerous to mail . I wonder why it 's dangerous only if it 's in return mail . Quite a mystery !
 I got this item thinking it would be so much better than the shock collars but the battery died one day after it came in the mail and it did n't seem to bother my puppy even though he did n't like the smell . He kept yapping away
 This was the biggest waste of money ! I put this on my dog as soon as it came in . The first time she barked I could tell it sprayed because she started to sniff in the air . So I began to test her in the house by knocking on doors and such . She continued the barking so I wanted to make sure the thing was working . Sure enough it was n't spraying . After replacing the battery , I tried it again and it did n't phase her one bit . The spray is just a fine mist . Even when I tested it like they tell you to do it was so fine that I could hardly smell it . I even adjusted the collar several times to make sure I had it on correctly thinking that would make a difference but it did n't . So if you 're looking for something to help control your dog 's excessive barking , look somewhere else . This is useless !
 Worked great on day one , then nothing . Changed the battery and refilled , but nothing . not worth 2 cents
 I have tried this collar repeatedly and it only works about 10 % of the time , Certainly not enough to actually train a dog . It is either empty , clogged or the battery is dead when I try to work with my dog . By the time I troubleshoot all the probelms , I am too frustrated to work effectively with my dog . I hate this thing . And the battery alone is a joke ! It seems to only last about an hour ! Hate it , hate it , hate it .
 I love this spray collar when it is working . The collars usually work for about a month and then the spray starts leaking out when you refill the spray device . Or the spray device just does n't spray at all . The customer service is great for returns but I have to pay to ship the spray device back to them . I have done this several times and I finally gave up when both collars broke for the third time.One other thing . They need to make rechargeable batteries for this collar . It is not economical or environmentally sound to have to buy new batteries all of the time .
 My dog is a 12 pound chihuahua/poodle mix . We tested the product before putting it on the dog and it sprays just fine . We put it on the dog and since the dog has more of a whine/howl than a bark , I guess it does n't pick it up . We tried adjusting it so that the sprayer sits closer to his neck but it still did n't work . It just never went off . I was really hopeful because I do n't want to use a shock collar but I guess I have no other choice . This might work if you have a bigger dog with an actual bark but it 's just not happening for my little guy .
 I bought this product for my dog who is barking at my neighbor . Put it on for the first time this morning . I was with my dog outside and suddenly with no reason he was sprayed . Which scared him . And an other time he took his Frisbee and was sprayed again . After that he was scared of his Frisbee . :-LRB- I ca n't return the item because I do n't still have the packaging :-LRB- I do n't recommend this item .
 I took the time to let my dog , a small terrier mix , get used to the collar before turning it on . Unfortunately , every time I have tried it , it sprays her even when she is just moving naturally or shakes her head . Either the collar that I have does n't fit her tight enough or there is something wrong with this item . Very disappointing !
 It might just be my dog , but this did not work , my aussie still barked and did n't care that she was getting sprayed . My whole house smelled of citronella ... lol and still had a barking dog . Oh well , had to try it !
 The first time we used this on our toy poodle he was very surprised and it worked very well , it shut him up in no time but as soon as the battery died -LRB- and it did very quickly -RRB- the dog was back to his annoying barking . We bought a few 6v batteries from the store but they didnt work , not sure why . So we needed to order batteries . Im willing to pay almost 7.00 for a battery a week , but the biggest problem is the container that hold the spray is to small , my dog will ignore the spays and in one barking session the container needs filled a g a i n. ...
 I wanted a safe alternative to the shock collar . this certainly was not it !!! I have an older Dachie mix rescue dog . He hates cats -LRB- which I own 2 -RRB- I 'm trying to break him of this habit of barking and going after them . The problem with the collar is that it sprays him with every little sound he makes . He makes some deep sounds -LRB- not barking or growling -RRB- more like `` talking '' . so between those sounds and the barking , the collar continuously sprays him . He also figured out if he turns his head , he doesnt get sprayed . At least with a shock collar it differentiates between just sound and barking . the worst part ... this collar can not be returned . So now I 'm out over $ 35.00 for something that I cant even use.do not recommend this at all .
 The spray never would come out when dog barked . Tried all the suggested items suggested in manual . Save your money and try something else .
 The Spray Sense Anti Bark Collar is probably a great product . However , my dog just barked the citronella out and continued barking . It must not hold much citronella because it did n't take long .
 It 's a little huge for my Yorkie , but we used it anyway for a few days . Nothing else got that dog to stop barking . After three days of this seeming cure for this little bark-a-lator , we saw a dog trainer and she suggested whenever he barks like crazy to distract him with a nice voice , -LRB- not our usual barking/screaming match of `` SHUT UP !!! -RRB- and to give him a treat.I ca n't believe how well that is working for this stubborn little dog . Jury is still out so we keep the collar on call.So the next time your dog starts barking and you forgot to put the collar on , try using a sweet voice like when he 's doing something cute -LRB- it 's all about your own energy -RRB- and give him a treat and tell him how good he is.So far it 's worked every time but the collar is not far away EVER.Update
 This broke after the first time using it . Now it just makes a constant hissing noise and will not spray . The few times it did spray it did not deter my dog from barking . Do not buy as it is not returnable .
 This product flat did n't work , right out of the box . Amazon wo n't take it back because it contains a spray container of liquid -- even though Amazon shipped it to me in the first place . Rip-off . Do n't waste your money .
 This collar did n't even last 1 day . A good idea in concept , but it is very poorly made . I wrote to MUTTMART Customer Service asking for a replacement , and did n't even get a response . I would recommend against the product and the vendor . A very expensive lesson .
 Got this to use with a Shih Tzu puppy -LRB- 8mos old -RRB- and the weight was probably too much for her . Also , I could never trigger the sprayer to shoot when I made noise beside it . We could smell it , so we know it activated at some point , but we could never tell when/why . This was disappointing .
 We bought this product for our 7 month old puppy who barks like crazy in his cage once left alone . This product only sprayed about once every 30 + barks for our dog , so it did n't spray enough for him to associate barking with getting sprayed . Also , please note that since this product comes with a liquid -LRB- the spray -RRB- , it is non-returnable through Amazon . Perhaps our dog just has a certain bark that does n't trigger the thing , but a device we have since bought which emits a sonic sound -LRB- dog whistle like -RRB- works every time and has been very effective .
 I love the idea of this collar . Problem is that it does n't work properly . I have only seen it spray my dog once which was very effective at getting her to stop barking . However , it has n't sprayed her since that first time , despite her continuous barking . I am unable to make it spray me no matter what kind of noises I make . My husband can get it to spray if he holds it `` just right '' . Her barking is so disturbing that I am going to have to try some more drastic measures . My only advice to you is DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 This item was purchased from Amazon LLC . The dog collar strap will not secure so that the sensor/spray unit will not stay close to the dog making it unable to sense the bark . With no sensor feedback there is no spray and no way to stop the barking . Amazon will not take this return due to the citronella spray is considered hazardous material . They shipped it to me and it was n't hazardous ? I ordered a spare for refill , from another vendor at the same time , and they do n't seem to have an issue with the return . I believe Amazon is covering up using hazardous material to hide inferior product quality and refusing the return . I am very disappointed with Amazon 's position . They pressure vendors to stand behind the product , but when Amazon sells an item they do n't stand behind it . Guess I learned who the quality merchant is . Lesson learned . Hope this helps someone avoid doing business with a soemwhat less than reputable merchant .
 When this collar worked , it worked fine . Really helped end our dog 's barking problem . HOWEVER , the collar only functioned for about 2 months and then stopped working , it is just dead . Replaced batteries etc , just stopped working.Also be aware that this takes a specialty battery and the replacements cost about 6 bucks and you have to get them at a pet store .
 I 've had my 2 year old dog for about 2 months now and he barks and howls when I leave home . I thought this product might help to curb his barking while I was away and keep the neighbors from complaining . I voice recorded him while I was away , and the first time he tried it , I actually thought it helped . He barked a few times but mostly whined . But , after that time , it does n't seem to work at all ! I do n't think he 's bothered by the spray even though he depletes the supply within half an hour or so . It may work for other dogs , but I think my dog 's anxiety level is too high for him to notice the spray . I do n't bother using it anymore . . he 's on anti-anxiety meds now . .
 I was hoping this product would be the cure to my dog 's barking ... it seemed to work for about two days ... but then my dog decided she did n't mind the citronella spray ... and she 's barking just as loudly as ever with the collar on and squirting her in the face ! I would not recommend this product ... as I 'm out $ 36 with nothing to show for it .
 This product work really well when you first start using it . The problem I am having with it is once the dog gets used to the spray it does not seen to bother him anymore . If there was a a refill that was more unpleasant to the dog it may work better , I just have n't found one yet . On the up side the house does smell good .
 This is a great concept for getting dogs to stop barking , however the quality is poor . This is the second unit I have gotten in the past 6 months . The first one lasted about 2 months and the second only lasted a few weeks . I replaced the batteries and even used new cans of refill spray - they just stopped working . It is way too expensive to break this quickly !!
 I bought this item on Amazon because I was not sure if it would work on my Pit Bull . I did not want to pay the $ 99 in store price . So I am satisfied with the price , but not the product . I put the collar on my Pit because there is another dog in an adjacent yard that he keeps barking at . Not only did the collar not stop him from barking , but he actually enjoyed the smell of the spray and barked more . He would literally bark , wait for the device to spray , inhale and then bark again . The entire can was empty within 30 minutes . I do n't know how well this works on other dogs , but I am glad I only paid $ 37 as it just sits on top of the washing machine now .
 Horrible product . My dogs did not even bark and the collar would spray . They did n't even make a noise and it went off . My dogs were terrified of the collars and when we tried them again after tightening the collars , they were shaking and cowering . And they still sprayed for no reason ! And on top of THAT , we could n't return them b/c they have the citronella which is considered hazardous ??!! Seriously ? What a waste of money . ZERO stars .
 I received two of the collars and they actually worked well . Though one of my dogs has long hair around the neck and has a thick mane . The spray just ended up getting absorbed into the neck fur . I was trying to use the devices for training rather than extensive wearing . After the first week of training one of the devices has failed to work . Certainly , the first thing I did was swap batteries and no that 's not it . All I can say its just not very well made . I would advise looking for other options .
 First of all this collar was to big and heavy for my chihuahu , he could barely hold his head up . But I still tried it on a walk through the park . He barks uncontrollably at other dogs and people walking toward us . When the collar sprayed he stopped barking for about 5 seconds before starting again . It really did n't faze him after a few times . I would n't recomend it .
 I bought this for my American Eskimo who likes to bark at anything . The collar only sprays about 1 of every 10 times she barks . She can go whole barking sessions of 6 to 7 barks and never get sprayed at all . I have made sure it was full of spray and even when I tested it by barking at it , it took several barks to get it to work . Very disappointing !
 Bought two collars , one worked one day , then got stuck after the dog barked , continuously spraying until it emptied . Other one worked for awhile , now when you go to refill , it just spray right back at you , even if turned off ! Ca n't return either one , tried , but since they have the can of spray the item is unreturnable . Buyer Beware ! If you buy it , get it locally at Pet Smart , maybe they would take it back then if it were defective . But my experience is a waste of money .
 we have used this product in the past and been satisfied . The one we purchased worked for a week and then stopped , dispite new batteries . We were disappointed .
 I purchase this barking collar a couple of weeks ago and already it stop working , what a disaster and a big rip off . I will never shop at this place again .
 We have used this Gentle Spray unit several times . The unit sprays as it states , but this spray has no affect on our pomeranian . He just keeps barking and barking and barking . The unit is emply in just a few minutes .
 This did n't work from the moment I took it out of the box . I followed the instructions , filled it with juice , blew into the sensor , and ... nothing . Batteries dead ? Defective ? I 'm disappointed . Also the dog tried hard to chew it off his neck .
 I bought 2 gentle spray pet collars and I believe that they probably , in general work well . The problem I had is one of them did n't work properly as soon as I got it and I did n't take the time to return it . Now it 's been about a month and the other one does not work either . The problem with the first one is it sprays constantly . Even if my dog makes a slight sound it goes off . The other one now wo n't go off at all . I have filled it and it seems the valve is not working . So one of the dogs is still barking because it wo n't discharge and my other dog ca n't wear it because every little thing makes it go off . My friend that told me about them only has one dog and hers works great . I should take the time and return them but my schedule is hectic and it 's hard to find time to address it .
 I was extremely disappointed that this item was as big as it is . Unfortunately , I have a very small Yorkie - 9 lbs . - and the spray container on the collar that holds the citronella is half the size of the dog 's head and the dog can not lift his head when I tried to put the collar on him . It weighted him down way too much for it be useful . I read somewhere that this could accomodate a dog over 6 lbs . - impossible !!!!! I was even more angry when I attempted to return it and then learned that this item can not be returned because it is considered hazardous material !!!! So I basically just donated approximately $ 35.00 to this company for a product I must now destroy . This might be a good product for a larger dog , but definitely not for a smaller breed of dog .
 The collar worked great for the first two days and then it just stopped working . I thought that maybe the fluid might be out or the battery died so I replaced both . Nothing worked . So me trying to save money by buying this online actually ended up costing me more because now I have a collar that does n't work that I ca n't take back and a couple of 6 volt batteries that I can use anywhere else . The collar seemed to work fine but I would look at buying it at a local store in case something like this happens .
 Bought one , put it together per instructions , blew into it to test it ; nothing happened . `` Barked '' into it , nothing happened . Returned it to the big-box store where I had purchased it . Bought a second one at the competing big-box chain store -LRB- both have the word `` Pet '' in their names -RRB- . Same thing . Fiddled with the battery , tried it in both on/off switch positions , put it on the dog anyway . He barked . Then , he barked and barked and barked and barked and barked and barked . Nothing . No spray . Nada . Additional observations
 The first day I got the collar I thought it was great . My dog stopped barking when the collar sprayed her . After a day or two , she was no longer affected by it . She almost seemed to bark more . I will be returning this product and hope to find a better way to reduce her barking . This was a big waste of money .
 Petsafe Premier GentleSpray Citronella Anti-Bark Dog CollarSTOP ! DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT . IT DOES NOT WORK AND YOU CAN NOT RETURN IT . NO MENTION OF THIS WHEN ORDERING . I 'M OUT $ 72 BECAUSE I PURCHASED IT FOR TWO DOGS MORE THAN 15 LBS EACH AND ONLY OPENED ONE OF THEM . AMAZON DOES A GREAT DIS-SERVICE TO A PRIME MEMBER BY NOT STATING UP FRONT THIS CAN NOT BE RETURNED . TWO OF THESE WILL BE THROWN OUT IN THE TRASH . WHAT A WASTE . I WILL BE RECONSIDERING MY PRIME MEMBERSHIP AFTER THIS !
 Product sprays aproximately 20 times before it needs to be refilled . My dog has figured out that he will get sprayed for the first 5 minutes , and afterward he is free to bark at will . The whole point of this is to associate barking with the spray . In order for this to be an effective product I 'm going to have to go out to him every 2 minutes , take off the collar , refill it out of his pressence , put it back on , and walk him back outside . Does n't that sound fun ?!
 I bought this about a year ago-I paid more than what is is selling for now . It worked at first until my dog figured out how to empty the reservoir within about 10 seconds of barking.The cost of the spray to refill it is ridiculous-I have spent about $ 100 in a year on refills-and the battery life is poor-even though I always turned it off when it was n't on my dog.I also used the methods they suggested to train her-it just did n't work.I figure between the cost of the collar , refill spray , and batteries I have dropped close to $ 175 on this for nothing . Now the collar will not even spray at all.If it works for your dog that 's great . I have a German Shepherd and maybe dogs like that who are very smart and very protective of their territory do n't respond well to this type of collar.I now have to try and find another type of collar that will control her barking-more $ $ .
 It sounds like a great and gentle idea , however instead teaching him not to bark , it thru him into a complete panic attack with every spray . My dog got nothing out of this product but more anxiety and smelling as if he had jumped into a pool of bug spray . I 'd give this product zero stars but it wont allow you to do that .
 Product does what it says . My dog barks and it sprays his face . The only problem is my dog could care less . The spray does n't bother him at all . My advice is to save your money and try something else . My next investment is in a shock collar .
 I have a small dog but she 's well within the recommended size/weight . Her barks ares higher in pitch so they do n't register and therefore the devise does n't spray .
 I bought this for my 10 pound pomeranian in lieu of a shock collar , as he was getting sores on his neck from that . The prongs on the shock collar were irritating to his skin so I was hoping this would solve his barking problem in a less irritating way.The collar holds about 25 sprays worth of the citronella . My boy would bark repeatedly and and it would spray about half of it right away . He did n't care one bit that poofs of this stuff was being sprayed in his face , he kept right on barking until the collar was out of citronella and then would continue to bark . I tried it a couple different times to no avail.If your dog is a serious yapper , like mine is , and has been for years , this may not be the best solution for you either .
 This product did not work at all . My dog kept barking . We went through a whole bottle of spray in one walk with no effect .
 2nd day of using this collar and unfortunately , it does n't seem to faze my 11lb miniature Dachshund , though it is fairly bulky for such a small dog . She adapted to the extra weight of the collar , and does n't seemed bothered by it at all . I 've put it on her for about an hour in the mornings and a couple of hours each night so far . As far as I know the device is working , though I ca n't smell anything or notice my dog reacting to it at all . For how much she is barking , I expected to smell even a hint of the citronella , but nope . Like I said , it does not distract her from her persistent barking -LRB- at &#34; perceived noises outside , doorbells on TV , anything that sounds like knocking on a door -RRB- . I will likely return this item .
 I received this Premiere Spray Sense anti bark citronella spray collar for Christmas . It was intended to help my miniature schnauzer to stop barking at squirrels . The product was defective . If my dog sneezed , the collar sprayed citronella at his face . If my dog was eating and his tags were clanking on his metal dog bowl , the collar sprayed him . If my dog said a single `` wuh '' to tell me he wanted to go potty in the back yard , the collar sprayed him . After an hour of this , my dog was cowering under my husband 's desk . That was it , I permanently removed the collar.I initially had problems getting a refund . The Amazon site would say that the product was unreturnable . I finally found a number on the Amazon site to call to speak to an actual person . A credit was issued , and I was instructed to throw away the product.My recommendation
 We purchased this product as a humane substitution for the shock collars . Initially , this product was worth the purchase , however , after a couple weeks , our Golden Labrador mix -LRB- 80 lbs -RRB- seemed to disregard the device 's spray . At first , we thought it was due to the citronella tank being depleted , thus ineffective , but this was not the case because we could smell the citronella on his neck . The constant refilling process with no gauge on the tank is a pain . Also , having to use a proprietary battery says a lot about the manufacturer . I am currently looking into a sound emitting device for the backyard as the spray collar was ineffective .
 This collar is effective as long as it does n't break . And let me tell you , it breaks OFTEN and EASILY ! The first one I purchased lasted less than 24 hours . The dog was n't wearing it the entire time , it was n't dropped , it was n't smacked against anything -LRB- though as it is a product for dogs , it should be a little more durable , do n't you think ? -RRB- . I had to call Premier and how kind they were to have me ship it back to them for repair/replacement . Only that I 'd already paid for shipping in the first place , and they do n't compensate your having to send their crappy product back with extra batteries or citronella . They also took the collar I 'd had originally and did n't replace it in the return.Collar number 2 lasted a little longer . Possibly 4-6 weeks . It too is now broken . I 've checked everything . It 's possible that the batteries have died . But it 's also entirely possible that the compartment itself , which has proven itself poorly made in the first place , is broken . Premier has a lifetime warranty on this product but I 'm already sick of them and their crap-product . They have special batteries that you ca n't get just anywhere . The citronella is the same story . I liked this product because it was n't a shock and it did n't require me to get my excessive barker debarked , but all of the cons are just not enough for me to recommend or stand behind this product any longer.If you have a lot of disposable income for your pets and replacing crap or are okay with buying a second collar `` in case the first one breaks , '' then go ahead and get this product . If you do n't want to deal with the hassle , I 'd say move on to the next product .
 I gravitated towards this product because of the positive reviews . I liked that it seemed to be a more humane solution to barking , then the traditional shock collars . Unfortunately , I tried it on my 16 lb cavalier king charles spaniel . It did not stop his barking and it made his eyes extremely red . Also , I have two dogs and the other dog barking set-off the collar . All in all not a great product for my dog or situation .
 Apparently I purchased this on 10/21/2010 . I use it if I am going out of town and have a dog sitter , that 's it . Bought some batteries since I heard they went rather fast . I have only had to change it in two years but ... now I ca n't get it to work . I filled it up , gave it a new battery , blew on it , barked into it , nada . Any suggestions ? Amazon states I ca n't send it back ? Any help is appreciated !
 This particular dog is a manic barker - and it took her only an hour to learn to avoid the spray by pointing her nose up in the air . She 's too smart for her own good ; many dogs are n't that clever . Believe me , with this dog , dumb would be better . * sigh *
 This collar is a complete waste of money . And it 's non-returnable because it 's considered a hazard . It is sooooooo ultra-sensitive that my Maltese shook her ears and it sprayed her . The poor thing was traumatized by it !!! I wish I would n't have wasted the money on this thing . Not sure why other people posted good reviews ! It also makes your dog smell . For a house dog , that 's not a good thing .
 BEWARE
 I was hesitant about this collar but it was recommended by my vet as safe and not harsh after all other attempts did n't stop the barking . I received it within a few days of my order - in good shape and intact . I have a small dog so the collar is rather large for him and I had to cut a good portion off to fit it . Activated it and after two hours the battery was dead . The few times it sprayed , it did seem to startle him enough to stop the barking however , it did n't last long enough to know for sure if it was going to be effective . Having read previous reviews I was aware of this issue - I have contacted the company in the hopes that they can provide another battery - I wo n't mind replacing batteries in the future but the first use should last longer .
 This worked OK while it worked - not great . Since we did n't have this on the dog all the time , and maybe our dog does n't mind the citronella terribly much , sometimes our Newfi mix barked anyway , with the collar on.After a couple of months , the first collar stopped working . The company replaced it in no time and without a fuss , even gave us a new can of citronella & a new battery . But now , about half a year later , the second one also stopped working . Our dog is active but not crazy , and he has n't gone swimming with it etc. A neighbor happened to tell us they had the same experience with it , also finally gave up on it . They now have a shock collar with a remote . Less humane for sure , but reportedly a lot more reliable .
 All I can say is I 'm so glad I didnt pay full price for this product . It stopped working after using one time . I tried changing the battery and unfilling and then refilling the cartridge and nothing ! When it did work I was not impressed either . I noticed the response was erratic at best and did n't spray everytime my dog barked , which only confused her more . I was very hopeful this would be the humane answer to end the barking issues we have with our dog . I refuse to use a shock collar as I feel that is pretty close to torture . -LRB- She is a 20 pound German Spitz by the way -RRB- So she is really heavily coated , so I did trim the hair around her neck hoping that would help and even put a bandana around her neck as well and then put the collar on and still got very little response from the spray collar despite repeated barking . Save your money and buy a squirt bottle and fill with water and spray your dog yourself when they bark , it 's a cheaper alternative ! Hope that helps and thanks for reading !
 I used it for about two days successfully , but accidentally left it `` ON '' when I took it off my dog . Now it does n't work . I replaced the batteries and the citronella , but it still wo n't work . She still barks now .
 Failed 3 + times , would n't stop spraying and had to take the battery out to stop it , after a short period of use . Customer service was great and sent a replacement each time . Gave up on product !
 Not very useful for our German Sheperd . It worked the first couple of times and then he got used to it and barked right through it . Ran out of Citronella quickly . Probably more effective for a medium size dog that does n't have barking in his `` blood '' .
 i have a loud dog . he is 5 yrs old . we recently moved into a new home and he wont stop barking . he were desperate to try anything but this product did nothing to deter him from barking . instead it sprayed and sprayed and sprayed every time . our entire house smelled like citronella -LRB- super strong odor -RRB- . My poor dog even developed a skin allergy because of so much citronella . i dont recommend this product at all . its a waste of money and harmful to dogs and humans who have to inhale those fumes it for hours . i had to bathe him 3 times to get the smell stench of citronella off of him . and PS if you buy it you CANT return it because u can not mail back harmful chemicals via mail .
 My old dog is 16 years young and finds a lot of nothing to bark at . Thought this would be a humane way to save him from the neighbor 's automatic weapons . Unfortunately the thing completely unravelled the first night . You buy this , make sure you melt the ends of the collar well . That does n't stop it either sometimes . The spray worked on him the first night . He got used to it though and barking meant more to him than the spray was irritating I suppose . Did n't work so he 's still in his flack jacket .
 I PURCHASED TWO OF THESE COLLARS FOR MY YORKIE AND MY BEAGLE . WHEN WE PUT THEM ON THE DOGS THEY SPRAYED IN THE DOG 'S FACES FOR ABOUT 10 SECONDS AND WERE EMPTY . THEY DID NOTHING TO STOP THE BARKING AND AFTER REFILLING THEM 3 TIMES , I PUT THEM BACK IN THE BOX TO RETURN THEM . SURPRISE , THEY COULD N'T BE RETURNED EVEN THOUGH AT BEST THEY MUST BE DEFECTIVE . I AM AMAZED AMAZON SELLS THESE ITEMS THAT DO NOT WORK . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE ITEMS .
 Simply put , if the sprayer actually reacts to the barking 1 -RRB- It may not prevent the dog from continuing to bark ; and 2 -RRB- Sometimes it sprays if another dog is barking closely to the other often while trying to play . I have a beagle and a German Shepherd -LRB- we bought it for the German Shepherd plimpton -RRB- so who knows ? Maybe it 'll work on other breeds .
 This did nothing to stop my dog 's barking . On the plus side , when she barked , it gave my house a lovely citronella scent .
 i bought this citronella anti-bark collar thinking it would be a perfect solution for ending my pomeranian 's constant barking anytime somebody tries to leave or enter our house . the problem with this collar is that it kept spraying citronella no matter what until all this citronella was in every part of our house . we suffered allergy problems of all sorts because of this , from tearing to coughing . however the real question is
 I have yorkies and maltese and this collar is huge . My dog ate off the original black collar so I found a wide ribbon to tie it back on . Does not always work , possibly due to misfit for a small/toy sized dogs . Mine are all 4-8 lbs .
 I ordered this for my puppy as he was developing a bad habit of barking . The trainer suggested another collar since they did not like the spray . I called Amazon to return this item as it was un-openend but was told since it contains hazardous materials , they would not accept a return . Thankfully they did give a credit for the item but if this is hazardous , I would warn others not to use this on their dogs .
 The bark collar does not work . It was shipped to us broken , and now Amazon will not let us return it . What a waste of money !
 Worked great for 2 weeks , then stopped . Many reviews of these type collars say the same . Trouble shooting suggestions were ineffective .
 When we first got SpraySense we thought it was a big hit !
 It worked for one week and then it stopped spraying . The dog was responding well to the training and then it stopped spraying . Now the barking is more than before we tried this . Terrible !
 We bought this for 1-1/2 year old CKC Spaniel . We received it on a Friday . When Diesel barked , it emitted the citronella spray . The look on his face , when it sprayed was hilarious . Unfortunately , it also sprayed when he shook his head . We tried adjusting it and it still sprayed when he shook . On Sunday , it quit working altogether . The can still had citronella , which we were able to spray outside of the collar . We thought maybe the off-brand battery that came with the collar was defective , so we bought a replacement battery . It still did n't work .
 For the price , I was n't expecting too much , but I have to be honest
 6 month old - Yellow Lab Female.Problem
 This bark collar works like a charm on my barking and howling hound dog ... Unfortunately we 've gone through 4 bark collars in one year due to manufacturer 's malfunctions . The first time the motor died , second two times the motor spurted out citronella unprompted all day long -LRB- my poor pup ! -RRB- , and the fourth time the motor died again.I can deal with refilling and replacing batteries , but this was unacceptable . I wo n't be buying another SpraySense brand collar .
 I had to have the original product that I received replaced because it was defective . It was constantly leaking , so by the time my dog barked , there was nothing left to spray . I called customer service and had a second sent to me . I 'm still not convinced that it 's working , as my dog still barks when wearing it . However , after the first bark -LRB- followed by the spray -RRB- he usually stopps . But , he does this now even when he 's not wearing the collar , he 'll bark just once . It could just be that he 's a little slow on the uptake and has to be reminded not to bark -- we 'll see what happens ...
 We tried the bark spray several times . You could tell our dog did n't care for the spray , but it did n't seem to make much of a dent on her barking . We now need to refill it and try it again -- maybe it 's a gradual learning process ...
 I purchased three of the No Bark Citronella Spray Collars for my three pomeranians . First , the collars do n't function properly . They only spray occasionally at random when my dogs bark . When the collar actually works properly and sprays , the dogs are not even phased by it . I 'm very disappointed . That 's $ 108 down the drain . I 'm having no luck returning or exchanging the collars . Buyers beware . I guess it 's not as bad if you only have one dog but with three , I 've wasted a lot of money .
 If I could rate this a 0 I would indeed . After my dog barks and gets sprayed with this product -LRB- Premier Gentle Spray Citronella Anti-Bark Dog Collar -RRB- , she hacks , vomits and wheezes for the entire day . I have used this product several times to make sure that it is not a coincidence . It is not . This product is not safe . Citronella spray is not safe for humans or animals to inhale/ingest . It is impossible for the dog NOT to inhale or ingest the citronella spray when it sprays out . Please re-consider your method of bark control .
 Some how my dog got used to the citronella and he barks even with the smell . I have a labrador with a very high sense of smell , so I believed this will work perfectly because he will be driven by the odor and will be distracted to bark ... well , it was n't like that . First day it seems to work , he was in fact amazed by the citronella scent and went all over the yard all the afternoon looking for the smell . Second day he barked , recognized the odor and got mad because he could n't bark without the odor to be present , so he started to cry and growl slowly , to avoid spray . Today he realized the odor is not going anywhere and that it 's gon na be present every time he barks and he seems to be ok with it , he just barks and barks even if the citronella is all over his neck . I recharged the collar several times today and the refill bottle is almost over . Today is wednesday , I first used it on monday afternoon . So , if you have an easy going dog , that can be easily distracted , maybe it can work , but for stubborn labradors as mine , I do n't think so.Oh ! and if you try to return it , you will get this Message from Amazon : '' 1 of Premier GentleSpray Citronella Anti-Bark Dog Collar Sold by
 For the first day , my dog was startled by the spray , but on the second day , when he realized it would not hurt him , he just barked right through the spray . I would not invest the money in this collar , the only thing you will get is a house that smells like citronella !
 Whenever my dog shakes the spray goes off which only makes him shake again since he is shaking off the spray which starts the cycle over ... and your can not return it to amazon . Do n't waste your money !
 GOT IT IN THE MAIL , USED IT ON OUR LITTLE DOG FOR 3 DAYS-SHE KEPT BARKING AND THE COLLAR BROKE ! CA N'T RETURN IT ACCORDING TO AMAZON SINCE IT HAS `` FLAMMABLE LIQUID '' - ALTHOUGH WE COULD DRAIN THE SPRAY EASILY . REALLY DISAPPOINTED !
 I bought this product thinking this would be a great way to deal with my small dogs barking . However , turns out it was a big waste of money . I ca n't even get it to stay on my dog without flipping over on my dog 's neck ! I have tried tightening it , readjusting the collar , etc. and the stupid thing does n't stay like the directions say to place it . Useless product ! Need to strategy ...
 My Cavalier loves to bark , this stunned him for a day or two , then he continued barking , we refilled it thinking he had run out of spray , but that was n't it . Ineffective for our dog . Wish it had a money back guarantee !
 Worked fine for 1 week and then stopped working . Went and bought several batteries to ensure it wasnt the battery and that didnt work . Amazon wont return and actually suggest I try to resell . Right - resell a broken piece of junk . I wont rip off consumers like Amazon does . Dont buy this faulty product .
 It worked for the first week and then stopped working when my dog barks . The battery is working and it 's full . I test it and it works when I do it but not when she barks . I think it might be because she has a high pitched bark because when my other dog , who has a low pitch , barks and he 's near her it sets off the spray device .
 We purchased this product . Very first and only time it worked was out of the box once . Amazon says to contact Entirely Pets who collected our money . Entirely Pets wo n't correct the problem , we have to contact the manufacturer on the box . Still waiting for replacement or refund . I feel the people we paid should return the money or replace the product . This is turning into allot of work for a small priced item that my 80 year old mother needs for her barking dog in a mobile home park she just moved to . The price was great . Good customer service would just replace the darn thing instead of making us call this person and that person and wait for replies .
 I like the theory behind the collar.Unfortunately , the sray literally misses the mark.The spary often gets the other dogs around the target dog.If you can get the spray on target , I think it would work .
 I know this product -LRB- or ones like it -RRB- work for some mild mannered dogs , but for my smart , not-so-little Sheltie , whose attention is not easily diverted , it had no effect ! She just ignored it .
 This did n't do anything for my 110 pound shepherd except make him smell kind of good . He cared less if he got sprayed .
 Two things to note . The product worked well for about a week then nothing . We spent 9.00 on a new battery , still nothing . IMPORTANT TO NOTE . Amazon will not accept this item in return due to the spray that it comes with . I have looked , or at least I think I have looked all over the Amazon pages where I ordered this and do not see that warning anywhere .
 PRO
 My dog has had the collar on for the past several days . While he has barked numerous times , the collar has nly sprayed once . Prior to purchasing the Premier Gentle Spray collar , I used the Multivet Deluxe collar . I do n't think it performed all that well either , but it did spray about 50 % of the time when my dog barked and so it definitely worked better than the Premier one has so far . I will say that the Premier collar has been easier to fill and turn on/off than the Multivet one .
 I 've never reviewed anything online before , but I had to get back on Amazon and review this collar.I read all the positive reviews of this collar before buying it , and felt fairly confident that I 'd done my homework on it . I realize now I should have read some of the one-star reviews.What happened : We followed all instructions , put the collars on our two dogs -LRB- a English Springer Spaniel , and a Jack Russell Terrier -RRB- , as tightly as recommended , and without other collars to interfere , and then observed . First thing to happen
 This may be a great product for some , but it did n't work for us . I put the collar on my barks-a-lot 1 year old puppy and within minutes he barked -- the collar prayed the citronella and the dog was confused , he barked at the mist and collar went off again . This continued , followed by much coughing and gagging . At the time , I was dealing with HORRIBLE morning sickness coupled with allergies and found that after the citronella was sprayed all over the house , I was running for the bathroom getting sick from the smell . Later that afternoon , I went to pet my puppy as he was being a good boy . I scratched the side of his neck under his ear -LRB- favorite spot -RRB- and thought it should be far enough away from the sensors but that still triggered the collar again and I got sprayed in the face . After that I spent the rest of the day sick in bed :-LRB- Love that morning sickness ! Later in the evening , the puppy got down on his favorite rug , rolled around and the collar went off , he got up and shook after a nap flopping his hears and the collar went off . After that , the puppy scratched his ear with his hind foot and the collar went off again . That night ... mommy took his collar off -- forever . The puppy was happy and mommy felt better : -RRB- Food for thought . Our dog trainer was very concerned that we had chosen a `` bark collar . '' She says it 's better to just have a remote operated training collar that you control . You want your dog to give at least one warning bark in case there is something wrong -LRB- intruder/danger -RRB- . After all there is a reason dogs bark , to communicate . With a remote operated collar , you can control the EXCESSIVE barking . I 'm buying one of those remote shock collars now . Tried one on myself , not much more than a static shock you get from your clothes in the winter .
 The citronella spray collar is a great option if you do n't want to shock your dog , but this brand is VERY UNRELIABLE . I bought this collar and it worked great for a few months , but then started leaking citronella so the dog would start whining because it was getting sprayed for no reason . It has a lifetime warranty so I returned it for a replacement from Premier which worked ok for a few weeks and then started leaking again . I did this 2 more times after and now they recently sent me their newer all black version made in the USA , but it still has the same problem . In total , I think I 've returned 4 defective collars and the one I 'm using now has problems with leakage too .
 while this may be a great product for some dogs , if your dog is like mine they are not bothered enough by the spray and just continue barking until the spray runs out -LRB- it does n't take long to get past 25 barks -RRB- this just teaches them that if they bark enough the annoying spray will go away . I would suggest borrowing one from a friend before investing the $ 70 yourself . Also , if your dog has long hair you will need to shave their neck to get it work properly .
 I have had this less than a month and it already does n't work ! I 've bought new batteries , filled the collar and nothing makes it work . This was pretty expensive and now I am being told that I can not return or exchange it because it supposedly has hazardous material ? How does hazardous material even ship ? Since when is Citronella spray hazardous ?
 It seemed to work for three days and then stopped . I thought it was the battery so I ordered new batteries . It still did n't work .
 The collar quit working after only a week . I have called to talk to the store and have only gotten a answering machine . After leaving two messages I have not heard from them . Very disappointed .
 The collar worked really well for our vocal Jack Russell Terrier but has developed a leaky valve after only two months of use . Now the citronella spray just leaks out as soon as you reload the cartridge . We ca n't return the product because it 's considered `` hazardous material '' which is very disappointing . We will try another brand , hopefully with better mechanical results .
 Well it worked great for a couple of days , then it just stopped . I have gone through check list but it just wo n't spray . When it did spray dog did not bark .
 This collar works great to stop unwanted barking without harming your dog , however I have been through two of these collars in justa few months because the collars themselves are unreliable . The first one sprayed once , then stopped working . Amazon was great and sent a replacement even though I could n't send the defective one back -LRB- the pressurized spray is classified as hazardous -RRB- . The second one worked well for a few months but then just stopped spraying no matter what I did-refilled reservoir , changed battery . The spray started leaking out slowly . I give up , I 'm not even going to bother calling Amazon for yet another one , but I might go to my local pet store to get one -LRB- different brand maybe !! -RRB- so that I can deal with a local store if I have this kind of problem again , but when the collar did work , the effect on my dog was immediate !
 I was excited to find an inexpensive spray collar , but you get what you pay for . Collar worked for only 2 days , Amazon generously sent me a replacement only to have it work for 2 days . They again refunded me and then I had to go buy a different brand at the pet store , it is still working , more than double the price , so I was disappointed .
 This did n't work for our dogs . I had to get the rechargeable sports zapping collar . It starts with a small zap and the zap increases until the dog stops barking . This has worked with both dogs .
 I recently purchased this for our chihuahua -LRB- 7 pounds -RRB- , however I never saw it spray a single time . I re-checked the battery , verified that it was powered on , refilled the citronella and nothing . . Now I have to contact customer service and go through the rounds with them and hopefully get a refund or a replacement . Clearly , this went right passed quality control , assuming they have any .
 The citronella bark collar seems to work , so far . But so did the Innotek when I first put it on our Jack Russell , but she learned to ignore the tingle . The one drawback I see with this product is it is not weather proof , there is no cap to cover the refill nozzle and the battery is not protected from moisture or dirt . This will be a problem since our girl , Dot , is an outdoor dog and she will fill it with dirt and mud . Plus it appears that the unit will need frequent refilling.UPDATE : According to the Amazon description , the collar has been discontinued.After initial success , Dot now barks once then quickly turns her head to avoid the spray . She continues to do so until the reservoir is empty , then continues on with her barking.The enclosed battery lasted less than a month and when I replaced it , sure enough , the compartment was full of dirt.Score
 The idea of this collar is great , however I bought one several months ago and it worked temporarily before giving up the ghost completely . I tried replacing battereds and adding more ` juice ' to no avail.I replaced it with the same model , and within two weeks it had also stopped working . I would save your money on this item and just get a mild shock collar which I plan to do with Miss Lily-Barks-a-Lot-Maltese . These are also pesky for two other reasons : You can not tell whether there is still spray inside the collar , or if it is over or under filled . Only holds about ten sprays , then you must replace it . Dog figures out when it is empty and barking increases.It is hard to tell if the batteries are good unless you have a way to check a lithium battery . I am certain I have paid too much for batteries as I discovered the collar was bad.Overall a horrible investment , wish I could say better things about it .
 When the product arrived I followed the instructions and put it on my dog . The collar would not work and I tried changing the battery and refilling the collar . It still did not work . When I went to go return it a few days later I could not because of the liquid for the collar . Very unhappy with the product do not buy .
 We bought our collars one month ago and they seemed to be functioning . Further inspection of the collars proved that they were defective and did not work at all . Complete waste of money .
 I 've used one of these on my 13 lb mutt for over a year . It worked great and he did n't bark as long as the collar was on him and turned on . I also tried it on our 6 lb Chihuahua and he just ignored the spray and kept barking . The 1st collar lasted about a year then stopped working . Tried new battery and still no worky . I thought a year was Ok use so I bought another one at Petco online . This one lasted 2 weeks until it stopped working . I returned it to a Petco store and exchanged it for another one . This one lasted about 3 weeks before dying . Tried new battery and still nothing . Returned it for my money back and went to PetSmart and bought a sonic collar . We will see how that goes ... Overall it worked on one dog and not the other . And the quality of the collars seems to have diminished since I bought the original over a year ago .
 The collar only worked for 1-2 hours . I replaced the battery and it still did not work . I had to return it to the manufacturer at my expense . Am waiting on a replacement .
 I read the reviews and knew I should n't buy it but I did n't want to resort to a shock collar and my dog hates to be sprayed by the hose so I wanted to give it a try before I invested in something more expensive so I bought it.I tested it and it worked really well and it was amazing the first half of the day , no my dog did n't bark like crazy to break it , he barked once and then he was quiet -LRB- I was at home the whole time he had it on -RRB- . I took it off that night and tested it again and it was broken already.Like I said , great while it worked so now I can invest in something that will last !
 This collar did n't work too well for our chiweenie . The collar itself is pretty big & the spray did n't work when she barked . It worked great when a human got near her and barked , but I guess her voice did n't activate it . She just got really confused & still barks . It may work for another dog , do n't know .
 worked great for about a week then would not spray I was disappointed because it was working and I do n't have a lot of time to go through all the stuff to return it and get another and start over
 Even though it 's obvious the physical quality of this product is n't top-notch -LRB- it 's a little plastic box that a cheap strap goes around -RRB- , I was satisfied with this product for a few weeks . It did very well in curbing the barking , more by confusing the dog than anything else . Sometimes it seemed to go off when it was n't warranted -LRB- like when my small dog jumped on my lap -RRB- , but overall I was satisfied.However , it now leaks the liquid solution , and a few hours after a refill it 's empty again even if we were n't using it . This leaves a mess too . This product is too expensive to be so cheaply made . I would recommend looking for something more sturdy and reliable .
 We purchased this collar for our german shepard , the mist startled her the first time , after that it had no effect . It just was n't effective . To make things worse it stopped working completely after 2 days , and when I tried to return the broken collar the seller said no . So here I sit with a broken $ 60 collar and a barking dog . -LRB- also tried it on my pekingese , as he usually starts the barking , and it did n't work on him either -RRB-
 We have two Cairn Terriers that bark and bark and bark we have tried Listerine , Vinegar and nothin works ... We purchased these collars in good faith from a trusted ecommerce site.We have had these items less than 45 days and the DO NOT WORK junk junk junk!The batteries are fine but the unit was great while it worked . So now what we are stuck with two junk collars , and nothing in return since it is past 30 days ! OF COURSE.This is why this was my LAST order on Amazon
 This collar worked tempoary for first few weeks but dog learned to shake collar around to top of neck and he also learned to bark until the spray was out so he could bark all he wanted . I used this with hush command but he is too aggresive for this to work . Expensive supplies if dog gets into habit of ignoring collar .
 The microphone is not accurate . The collar sprays my dog when he shakes but not when he barks . Also the directions were very confusing must be read word for word or it takes twenty minutes to assemble . This was a waste of money .
 I have 2 small dogs , who bark in the house , at my teenage son and his friends . This is obviously not an ideal living situation . I ordered these collars for my dogs , and was excited to get them . They worked great for about 2 weeks . Not a peep out of either dog , when they were wearing them , but then it seemed they did n't work well . I replaced the batteries , and then it started spraying again . We were good for a couple of days , and then they started not working again . I do n't know if they are clogged or if the batteries are really the problem . I 'm not going to be replacing the batteries that often , because they cost about $ 3.00 each . I am disappointed that this product did n't work well , for a very long period of time .
 We have used citronella collars before . They effectively correct most dogs ' nuisance barking without making it painful or impossible to bark when something truly important or alarming happens . The dogs just tend to quiet down a bit more quickly . We usually use them only one or two days per week -- that seems to be enough to break bad habits.Previously , we used the PetSafe brand . Unfortunately , those collars got lost in our recent move from the city to the country . Our dogs have been frequently alarmed at all the new country noises , and have n't yet learned how to distinguish noises that matter from noises that do n't , so it was back to the citronella bark collars . We bought GentleSpray off Amazon . Both broke within one and a half months of use . We refilled them and replaced the batteries . We can activate them ourselves by blowing air over the sensor , but our dogs ' barking no longer suffices.I do not recommend this brand of bark collar . It works as well as citronella bark collars work for as long as it works at all , but ours broke much too quickly after a short period of intermittent use -- inexcusably poor quality .
 We where hoping to use this instead of a shock collar but it had absolutely zero affect on our barking Jack Russel . She did n't even flinch , sneeze , or anything and we could see it spraying . We had to toss this and go with a `` static '' collar which is I guess the working used for shock collars now .
 While I read some great reviews about this product working for other dogs . . as well as working well for a friend of mines dog . . It did nothing for my Great Dane . He did n't even so much as flinch as he got repeatedly sprayed in the face .
 I ordered the anti-bark collar and received it quickly . When I put it on my dog , it started randomly spraying without my dog barking . When I called the manufacturer , they said this happens occasionally . I have no problem with the occasional faulty product , provided the company makes it right . They told me to purchase another one , and send the defective one back , at my expense . When they received it , they would credit my account . I told them this was unsatisfactory ... at least send me a pre-paid shipping label . When they refused , I contacted Amazon , who immediately made it right . Thumbs down for Premier Pet Products -LRB- manufacturer of the Midwets SpraySense -RRB- , big thumbs up for Amazon Customer Service .
 I bought one of these for each of my dogs . Each seemed to work for a day or two then zilch . Wasted a lot of money .
 I was hoping the Gentle Spray Collar would help encourage my dog not to bark when someone walked by my apartment in the hallway . Unfortunately , it did not help at all . I concede that when it effectively sprayed , she stopped barking immediately , but it only sprayed about 2 % of the time , which makes it not only an inffective quick fix but a very inadequate long-term training tool . It 's also bulky and uncomfortable looking and the battery dies quite quickly if you forget to shut the device off after removing it from your dog . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 When I ordered this product I liked the idea that it did n't shock or hurt the dog as a training method . However , in practice this product did n't work well at all . First the Citrenella spray is difficult to load into the collar unit -LRB- first attempt broke the spout off of the fill bottle releasing the entire bottle at one time into my house -RRB- . Next the bark collar unit itself did n't work every time the dog barked and stopped working all together in about two weeks . Was a waste of money .
 I have an old Yorkie -LRB- 11 -RRB- and two puppies
 i bought this for a little less than $ 3 as i was looking for a good flea product for my dog who had gotten them . he hates sprays and those liquid flea products so i thought this would be good to try . first of all it STINKS . the closest thing i can compare the smell to is chlorine . it has such a strong odor that i had to spray the room with air freshener after using it . the smell was unpleasant to my dog as well . it is also very messy and if you have a dark colored dog like i do , you have to REALLY rub/brush it in good or it gives the coat a white color to it . its is also a rough powder ... not a smooth powder like baby powder and when i treated his bed as per the instructions his bed felt grainy/sandy . what concerned me the most was that this powder , as i found out , has a very toxic chemical in it and can be dangerous if ingested . well as all dog owners know , dogs with fleas will lick and bite themselves . and also ... it did NOTHING to kill the fleas . this product claims to kill fleas , flea eggs and larvae within 12 hours . it did not help at all . because of this , along with the horrible smell and toxic chemical , i am no longer using this product , will not use it in the future , and do not recommend it .
 This was my first choice for carpet treatment . Before applying it , I put blank white printer paper down and counted the fleas that jumped on it . Really the fleas were underneath , and you could hear them pinging the bottom of the paper when they jumped . Still , each piece of printer paper got at least three fleas , sometimes five , just jumping on top and chilling there.When the time came to apply this powder , I locked the newly shampooed -LRB- and very unhappy -RRB- princesses in a kennel and left it on the bed . I sprinkled it down as instructed , and the smell was nice , if a little overwhelming.We left the powder on for slightly longer than advised , just to be sure we got them good , and then I vacuumed . Afterward , I put the printer paper back down and waited.No pings . No fleas.I was so excited and pleased that I could have danced . We went to sleep exhausted , but victorious ... seemingly.When I awoke the following morning and started doing stuff around the room , I felt them jumping on my ankles again . I was FURIOUS . It seems like this powder just made them lethargic or something , slowed them down , but did n't kill them . Another printer paper test confirmed my suspicions . The flea population was barely affected by this product.The price made it good for an experimental project , so I was happy about that , but in the end , I moved on to something else , and I was n't very happy about putting so many chemicals on my carpet.Save yourself the hassle .
 still waiting on seller 's supposedly second shipment , never had to wait so long for any shipment from any where in the US . Was it really ever sent ?
 I have placed my order on May 22nd and today is June 3rd . It is still not shipped yet . Does Amazon really have these ? By the way , there seems no way I can call Amazon and ask about it . I could n't even find a link to submit an inquiry regarding this order.Is there any human being in Amazon to help customers ? Is Amazon all software except those who are counting the dollars ?
 Did n't kill the fleas , even though the house was throughly treated with it!Used another brand & it worked incredibly well .
 This shampoo is listed in Amazon 's `` Cat '' category and the bottle label indicates it 's for dogs and cats . Thank God I talked to my veterinarian before I used this . He said PERMETHRIN is highly toxic to cats ! Can cause weakness , vomiting , muscle tremors , seizures and death ! I Googled PERMETHRIN and discovered it 's toxicity to cats is well known . I 've read several reviews on Amazon for cat flea products where the owner reported that their cat became ill or died after using the product . Most of the products contained PERMETHRIN . The Natural Resources Defense Council 's website has ratings of many flea products based on their toxcity . You 'll find other flea products for cats which are much safer . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This post does have carpet but this is NOT high quality carpet . I have purchased several high quality cat posts/trees over the last five years . The carpeting on all of them is soft and much better quality . This is what they show in the pictures but NOT what you get . This carpeting is not soft at all . It is very rough and somewhat shaggy . They obviously are using much cheaper carpeting but did not bother to update their photos . It is deceptive.A couple of years ago I purchased a beautiful cat tree with four cradles , a tunnel , sisal posts , and high quality carpeting all for $ 150 . I purchased this post because of good reviews and the pictures show high quality carpeting . This is not the case and I will not be purchasing from these deceptive people again .
 This stroller is nice when it comes to looks but the front wheels are a nightmare , they just dont work well , is very hard to ride/drive the stroller because they gO sideways and you have to keep putting them back in place with your hands ! So i wont be going to far in it ...
 Before using any flea products from Hartz read this website first.www.hartzvictims.orgIf we had read the website before we used Hartz Flea Control perhaps our beloved Bassett Hound would still be alive.Also read the revealing reviews on Amazon for Hartz flea control products.If this company Hartz truly cared about our pets they would have recalled their flea control products.Our Bassett Hound died a few days after using the Hartz Flea Control product . Hartz claimed that their product did not kill our dog . They have a Vet who works for Hartz that took our call , they wanted to test our dog but the dog was already buried by then . Your can not imagine the grief and guilt and we felt ... then we found the website www.hartzvictims.org.Be cautious before you buy from Hartz .
 I 've used Hartz Ultraguard with oatmeal on my mini Dachshund , and it left her coat nice and soft . I 'm sure the fleas that are still on her love it . I followed directions , left the lather on for 5 minutes and rinsed . After towel drying her and letting her air dry , I checked and lo and behold ... fleas . Two days later the fleas are still on her . And after reading about pets that became ill and died after using Hartz , the bottle I have will be thrown out . It did n't kill the fleas , and I wo n't take a chance on it killing my dog . Save your money , and possibly your pets life . Do n't buy this stuff .
 While I was out grocery shopping , I noticed this product and figured why not -- it was cheap and the brand name sounded familiar . What a mistake I made . . First of all , the product smells AWFUL -- I did n't expect it to smell like rainbows and perfume , but even with a stuffy nose I almost gagged . I 'm 100 % sure that if you breathed it in for too long , you would pass out . Being cautious , I only used a little -- I scrubbed her everywhere aside from the face/ears . Almost immediately after , I had the most awful headache I 've had in years , accompanied by intense stomach pains -- I did n't use gloves , but I did n't lick my hands or inhale the product like a narcotic.Through the throbbing headache , I decided to research the company and was horrified by what I found -- I ca n't believe they 're allowed to sell products ! The chairman and CEO is one of the richest people in the country , and profits daily from products like this . The worst part ? A flea jumped off her fur and back on , and she was still scratching -- obviously it did n't do ANYTHING against the fleas . It 's hard for me to believe that anyone who rated this product highly is n't a Hartz representative -- not only did she smell awful , but the product did not work . It did n't kill fleas , but if I had been in contact with any more of it , it would have certainly killed me.There is NO warning label on this product other than ` keep out of eyes ' . It does n't even have directions or instructions , so you do n't know how much you 're supposed to use . I 'm just thankful I did n't use any more than I did -- my dog and I are in good health , but it was definitely a wake-up call . ** Just as an interesting side note , if you go to the company 's official site and click on the `` contact '' page , you get a 404 error . . This was a wakeup call for me -- I am NEVER going to buy anything before I do research on it , and will never blindly trust a brand based on name familiarity . They might as well sell anthrax and market it as ` pet flea powder ' . ** I do n't think that Amazon should supply a product like this -- given the reviews , I doubt any Hartz products are actually being sold at profit . Amazon is big enough that it has the power to do something , and I seriously doubt they will suffer a loss of revenue as a result .
 DO NOT EVER USE THIS PRODUCT !!!!! It will kill or seriously hurt your pet , go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and NEVER use any product by them they are AWFUL
 I bought this along with another brands flea collar for another pet.As with the other , this did not get rid of fleas.It did n't even lessen the amount.I ended up purchasing Frontline product and that has worked greatly.I will likely never purchase a flea collar again .
 Negative 5 stars . This product and the drops are pure crap . There are ACTIVE fleas on my dogs right now . Lies . I want my money back . I 'm collecting the fleas to send to the company . Have been using for 2 weeks , sprayed my carpet , vacuumed , etc. .
 I just called the EPA in on this company . do not buy their products or any flea product that conntains the chemicals Pyrethrins It 's the same chemical that in in RAID !!! YES and the enviromantal deparment told me so . This company and several others puts this product on our shelves and some pets react violently to it . My Bulldog was sick for almost 24 hours . Please see the youtube link called DANGEROUS PET PRODUCTS IT 'S very good . and be careful what you buy shampoo too !!! I used the shampoo and she was so sick
 The Hartz Ultraguard Collar did not help the flees at all ! I have a brittany spaniel with a minor flee issue and I thought a flee collar would do the trick but this one did not . He might as well be not even using it . However , the Hartz flee shampoo worked like magic .
 Length :
 This pump is super fast and powerful . However , there is no way to control the pump speed ... After two months it died on me ... There 's not much else to say . Unfortunately I will need to get another one of these because there is not much choice in this price range . So I suppose you get what you pay for .
 i think this product is cheap and not described as well as it could be . not very happy with this purchase . i dont even use it it is a back up for that junky reason
 Only keep this around as a temporary back up . It wo n't last more than a few months.unknown info about pump before purchasing
 They substituted a scentless spray that is NOT PET SAFE . Warnings on can do not get on skin or in eyes . Type displayed on web page is PETSAFE . Buy from this provider at you own risk .
 I paid the high price and bought the 2 tier Molly and Friends Cat Tree in April , 7 months ago . The carpet is already shredded and missing and the sisal rope appears to be artificial and the cats use it only sparingly . I wish I could return it and get my money back !
 We have had this cat tree for almost a month . The box was beat up when it arrived but fortunately no damage to the tree . It was nice that it was assembled . Those are the good things . The sisal is pulling away from the tall post and the cats are tearing the carpet up . The shorter pole is covered in carpet and my one cat has already stripped the carpet from one side of it . It looks nice , is a good height , very sturdy , and the cats like sleeping in it but definitely poor quality workmanship and and material . I 'm very disappointed after spending over $ 130 . My cheap faux fur cat tree is in better shape after three years .
 I was really looking foward for this cat tree to arrive . I was very disappointed when I opened the box to find the tree in a chocolate brown . I had wanted the light neutral color so it would not stand out like a sore thumb in my house . Secondly , the top round seat is about really to fall off ... very unstable and sits at a slant . I am returning this item and will just go to a local petstore to buy one ... this was not worth the hassel . On a side note ... the box was in good condition when it arrived .
 This was recently purchased for Christmas but my cats showed virtually no interest in it so it 's going in the pile to be donated . I really thought they would like it but that just did n't happen . Oh well , perhaps by donating it some other cats may find it amusing .
 The cat broke the gear drive in less than a week . It is a cheap plastic gear drive that wo n't last . Not worth the purchase price .
 I bought this for use in a sump tank for a 180gal fish tank . At three feet of head I calculated my flow rate at 750gal/hr . After one year and regular maintenance , my flow rate is down to around 300al/hour . I have been disappointed with this product overall , and I 'm now looking into a different pump for my tank .
 It says battery retail package , and it is just a battery . The word package should be removed as well as the picture containing the extra spray , as it 's not included .
 You do n't need to spend $ 10 -LRB- plus shipping ! -RRB- for a replacement battery . The battery needed is a standard size and can be obtained from Target , Walgreens , etc for around $ 3 or $ 4 . The citronella bark collars are great , I heartily recommend them over the `` humane '' ??? shock collars . -LRB- Ever try one of those on your neck ? -RRB- Citronella is the best system .
 yes , these are overpriced . i just go to target or walmart camera section and get one for $ 2.99 . it 's ridiculous what they are trying to charge and these are the cheap one 's that do n't last long .
 This item is very bad quality ! Stopped working within 3 days . The inset keeps coming out of the sides where it 's supposed to be stuck in . Flimsy product and terribly overpriced at over $ 10 and shipping . Will not buy again . And it was only one wheel !!
 My dog is hooked on these balls and has had one since August 2008 -LRB- from a friend in MN -RRB- so I was looking for a replacement -LRB- was worried in case we lost it -RRB- , found these on Amazon & was ecstatic . That was short lived-the color of the new found balls came in a red & green -LRB- hmmm -RRB- okay we can live with that , but within two weeks neither ball squeaks anymore and only one has any partial bounce at all , altho there are no tears ect . The ball that is over a year old has more bounce than the new ones and more squeak too ... what a dud , do n't waste your money like I did !
 I purchased this to groom my cat based on reviews . Looks ok , but every time try to use it , he runs away , not as gentle as I would have liked . He is not use to being groomed . I do better with a comb . Ca n't recommend .
 This mitt could be better if there were more center rubber material and less fabric . There 's too much fabric and the material is like a perforated fabric that gets the fur stuck in it . I spent more time trying to remove cat fur from the glove than brushing my cats ! Keep looking cause I know there are better ones out there as I used to have one .
 Use your money and buy a comb . It does n't work any where NEAR as good , and it 's very hard to get the hair out of the mitt .
 I was very disappointed in this product . My mastiff has short hair , and I had read that this style of grooming product worked well . I ended up purchasing a Pet Zoom which works well . I found that this glove does n't pick up as much hair as my brush , fits too loosely on my hand to be comfortable , and is difficult to clean . Sure , clumps of hair will shake off easily , but most of her hairs -LRB- along with whatever dirt or skin particles there are -RRB- remain on the glove . Unfortunately for my dog , this was a waste of money .
 Owner review
 I purchased this pet bed thinking it would be warm and cozy and discovered what a mistake I had made . The bed does not hold its shape , it 's like a rag laying on the floor that needs constant adjusting to put it back into postion . The pillow is about 2 '' smaller then the center where it sits for the pet to lay on . It is flat with very little padding and no support for an older dog . I am ready to throw it out !!! What a waste of money !!!
 I am very disappointed in this bed - especially since I have it in a smaller version and have loved that one . My puppy grew out of his small Fido bed , but because he loved it and it washed so well , I went out of my way to get what I thought would be the same bed in a larger size . All the stuffing in the cushion shifted to one spot when it was washed . Also , the cushion is smaller that the bed and leaves a gap between cushion and sides of bed . That did n't happen in the smaller version . I 'm just disappointed .
 I 'd love to be able to give more positive feedback to this product -- it 's such a good idea ! But , unfortunately , these clippers were not at all suitable for my dog 's dark nails . Although the product description does state that it 's suitable for most nail types -LRB- including black -RRB- , my dog 's nails were just too thick -LRB- even though she is a small breed -RRB- and the light just could n't shine through them.Since I already have a very good pair of normal nail clippers , I sent these back to Amazon as they were not suitable for the purpose intended . I was very hopeful that they would have worked to show up the quick in my dog 's dark nails - since nail cutting is always an anxious time for me and I do n't want to accidentally hurt my dog if I cut her nails too short - but unfortunately these clippers were just not up to the task.As for the product itself , it seems very sturdy and the light is easily adjustable . They are quite bulky clippers , but with practice , I think they would be easy to use . I recommend these for dogs with lighter or thinner nails , but beware if your dog has dark nails like mine does .
 It 's o.k. the light does n't stay in place and it makes it akward to use . To see the quick well the light needs to shine towards you , then you have a light in your eye .
 Our sweet little part-pom . was rescued with a variety of health issues . I tried substituting Renal Essentials for the Azody she 's been on , but it just did n't work for her . After a week on Renal Essentials she was having a great deal of difficulty urinating . She 's back on Azodyl and back to normal renal function . Sorry it did n't work for us !
 I purchase this product trying something different than the other product that I have been using . The little guy 's system would not tolerate this formula . I went back to the other product I was using .
 I got this muzzle to help me rehabilitate a `` dog aggressive '' dog who nips , or tries to nip me when he sees another animal ... . he can take it off in just a few seconds - and he does . To my way of thinking this muzzle is dangerous because it creates the illusion of having secured your dogs muzzle and it may put you and your dog in a dangerous situation .
 I ordered this based on the picture and description . I have a muzzle that is IDENTICAL to the photo -LRB- down to the red velvet comfort strip you can see on the top part of muzzle -RRB- . My muzzle is a size 7 of this exact product . I have looked online for months , at TONS of sites , to replace my current muzzle with a new one just like it . All my work finally paid off when I found this item ... the only one EXACTLY like my current muzzle that did n't state &#34; out of stock &#34; or &#34; currently unavailable . &#34; I was SO excited ! The package arrived , I took out the muzzle , and immediately noticed it was completely WRONG ! 1 -RRB- The main problem
 Refill cartridges do n't fit previously purchased roller of same brand . Not a good situation for us to be in because return is awkward .
 It took my dog more than an hour to make it through each of his first two ever-lasting treats . I thought the ever-locking treats would slow him down even more . Not so . Because the edges of the disc pieces are scalloped -LRB- rather than smooth like the ever-lasting treats -RRB- , they do n't stay wedged down in the ball as well . My dog can get the first one out in less than five minutes . You 'd think the twisting `` lock '' would at least add some complexity , but you 'd be wrong . As soon as my dog chomped through the first disc , he shoved the `` stick '' back through the ball , using it to pop out disc number two . It probably would have taken him longer to wolf down the entire contraption if I 'd just handed the treats to him in their original packaging . Fabulous idea ; poor results .
 I bought this product to try to teach my teething pup to not chew on furniture and my fingers ... Well , he LOVES it and made sure to lick/chew everywhere I put it on , including my fingers ... . I also made the mistake of touching my lips with my fingers and ended up tasting the product for 2 days ; it does not tast good ! -LRB- ; - -RRB- I guess it would have been great if my dog did not like the taste ...
 Tried the paste , but our puppy did n't seem to care . She hats the Bitter Apple spray , but the paste did nothing .
 My Yellow Lab loved it . She licked it all off her leg and waited for me to give her more . Big waste of money .
 this product never stopped my dog from licking his paws and since you have to rub it on , its very messy . but i guess i should add that i have n't found anything bitter enough to stop him except a strong `` no '' from one of his humans . then that 's when he goes off and hides and licks anyway .
 When I opened the box , just the base was included . The description states it comes with a top and bottom . I had to call amazon customer service and get a refund and try to re-order the product and now wait several more days or pay for expedited shipping . What a pain !
 apparently the feeder &#34; base &#34; is only the pie-pan portion of what 's in the photo , and does not include the part that the mason jar threads into . I can only assume someone would buy the base as a replacement for a worn out one ? Already wasted too much time trying to figure out why the hell I 'd need the base only .
 I purchased this product to fit my Penguin Bio Wheel 200 . As the details say , it fits . However , it is not like the original part
 This product does not exactly match what I thought I was buying.First of all , the picture is that of AmQuel Plus Water Conditioner and it says on the picture that it removes this , this , and that . The product I received only says Ammonia Detoxifier.Sure , on the back it says it `` detoxifies '' nitrites , nitrates , etc. . BUT THIS IS NOT THE PRODUCT I 'M LOOKING FOR.Second , the product says nothing about how much Fl.Oz . it is.So I look at the dimensions and compare it to a 16 Fl.Oz . product.This product 's dimension and the 16 Fl.Oz . product 's was practically the same so I assumed it was going to be 16 Fl.Oz.THIS PRODUCT IS ONLY 4 Fl.Oz . !!!! It came in a big long box and it 's only the size of my palm!The size part may be my fault for assuming , BUT THIS DEFINITELY DOES NOT MATCH THE PICTURE.THIS IS NOT WHAT I BOUGHT!EDIT
 I purchased the glider for my year and a half old Australian Heeler dog . In two weeks it was destroyed . I liked the weight of the glider and the way it soared , but need something INDESTRUCTIBLE for my dog .
 First , yes the image shows 3 discs and calls the item `` Multi '' , which leads you to believe you 're getting 3 discs . You only get one.Second ... the disc itself is way to big & bulky , designed poorly , and does n't do what it 's supposed to well AT ALL ... which is to fly `` slow and level '' according to the description . I found the total opposite to be true . The disc will not fly AT ALL if you try to make a short throw . It just crashes to the ground with a thud . You have to throw this disc far , fast and hard , with the wind just right to get any frisbee like flight out of it AT ALL . Do n't waste your money if your looking for real frisbee like flight . This item is misleading in it 's description and is a big dud IMHO . Way dissappointed .
 Yellow lab ripped the thing up in 5 minutes after i left him alone with it . It does n't fly like a frisbee either to heavy .
 Great frisbee love the ematerial but I needed a much larger slower flying frisbee for my dog to actually catch it .
 I am disappointed that the image of this toy shows three items , in three colors . It is misleading in that the description states `` Easy Glider Multi '' which indicates that multiple colors would come in the package.The description does not state `` one '' of the colors will be shipped . I am very disappointed in the value of this purchase and the misleading description .
 My lovebird was instantly attracted to this toy with the colorful balls and silver bells and fun arch design which swings freely , but soon after he started playing with it I noticed the colors from the balls started coming off all over his beak . Looked like he had just eaten a bright blue snow cone . I decided to see if I could rinse off some of the color dye from the toy but as soon as this toy was immersed in water , not only did massive amounts of dye leach from the product , but all the balls began to unravel . I certainly would n't recommend this product to bird owners , and from now on I will be looking for better made toys that contain less dye .
 My Gold-capped conure was able to tear the clappers -LRB- hammers -RRB- from inside the two end bells , leaving the metal pieces that held the clappers into the bells twisted and sharp . Dangerous ! I could find only one of the two clappers that the bird tore off the toy . I may pull the wicker balls off the arc , soak them to remove some dye , and re-use them in other toys . But I wo n't buy any toys from Super Bird Creations again .
 The item received was missing one bell on one end of the arch . Some of the vine balls are also frayed . Utterly disappointed with the condition of the product.Super Bird Creations 7-1/2 by 7-1/2 - Inch Vine Ball Arch Bird Toy , Small
 My bird , an african grey parrot , tore this toy up in less than a minute . The balls looked bigger in the pictures , so I thought he would at least get a week out of it . That was not the case .
 The idea of Freeleash hands-free is GREAT ! Since I am temporary handicapped , I 'm using crutches for 4 months now . But it does not last long with an 80 lb dog . The metal pieces came apart after only 3 wear ! I 'm keeping the belt & using my dog 's regular leash to put through the belt . So I dont have the chance to try the Extra Extention Leash which I can imagine would be ideal .
 I have used this product now for a few months . I wash my dog around ever three weeks because she ca n't stop itching , scratching , biting or licking . I also buy dog food without grain to help with this as well . I spare no expense for my dog but still have n't found relief for her . I will need to further investigate if there is another shampoo to help relieve the itch .
 I purchased this for 2 dogs that have severe allergies to molds and mites and one has an allergy to GRASSES and some trees also . One has broken out in hives , then both followed with scratching that is alost nonstop . They are constantly whipping around and chewing their sides , legs , feet , etc. . I think this is probably a good shampoo for some dogs , because so many people seem to have gotten good results . -LRB- I bought the rinse , but never used the rinse , just the shampoo because I did n't want to overwhelm their systems at first , until I knew if it would help at all . It did n't -RRB- My dogs got NO relief -LRB- not even temporary -RRB- from this Zymox shampoo . I wish I had gotten the results that others evidently got using it . I think for my girls the ` VET solutions Universal Medicated Shampoo ' is the way to go . All dogs and all illnesses are a little different , but the ` Vet Solutions Universal medicated shampoo ' worked wonders for us . My girls have a horrible allergic reaction that left their skin red , raw , with bumps all over one one of them , and both have hair loss in patches on their sides and back end , legs and feet , ears and ... well , everywhere actually . They are chewing themselves raw . They chew at their feet and lower legs constantly and their skin is HOT to the touch . -LRB- until I tried the vet solutions -RRB- Vet Solutions Universal Medicated Shampoo -LRB- 16oz -RRB- . After using the Zymox shampoo , I got NO change . The chewing and itching were as strong as ever , if not worse . After trying the ` Vet solutions Universal Medicated Shampoo ' they are happy , barely itching , and smell great . The fur is so soft and silky it is amazing . Even after just the first use , the skin was better . The Zymox evidently works well , but NOT for my dogs problems . My girls reaction was so severe to their allergies , that they had to be put on oral medication for fungus , which they have been on for 2 months , -LRB- like the vet says , fungus is slow to grow and slower to go away -RRB- and using the Vet Solutions helped them more than I can tell you . . It is wonderful to see them resting comfortably again . It seemed to give them tremendous relief for 3 or so days when I first used it . I bathe them weekly with it , and each time I use it , it lasts longer and longer , It seems to be what we needed . If you have a bad problem with allergies that show up inthe skin , try the Vet Solutions Universal Medicated shampoo . Funny - but it is what the vet recommended in the first place ... . wish I had listened to her , instead of looking for my own solution ... update ... 12/2011 I found a really wonderful shampoo for my girls , It is Virbac Hexadene shampoo , It is even better than the Vet solutions Universal medicated shampoo , The dogs coats are soft , Thick again , and they seem to stay cleaner , meaning it is easier to wipe them down after a mud run . The itching is almost NON existant now , and they get a bath every 2 weeks or so . They still have the allergies , but this shampoo keeps them from getting all itchy and bumpy under their coats .
 I thought that this shampoo would work for my cats ' chronic ringworm , instead it caused her to ich till she bled . I would stay away from this shampoo if you want to use it on a cat .
 What do I detest the most about these badly desinged heaters ? There 's the screw on clampy type way it 's supposed to be installed on the upper edge of your tank , and depending on how that is designed the heater may or may not grip at all . Then there 's the resulting total lack of flexibility as to how high the water level can be in your tank . Better fill it up to the brim , or you wo n't hit the `` water level '' indicated on the side of the heater . Then there 's the big fat bulp design the makes it easy to crash it against the side of your tank accidentally . And , if it does get out of the water for more than a few second while on -LRB- I know that 's no supposed to happen -RRB- it blows up and send shards of glass into the tank . Great product there . Some sort of pre WWII design maybe ? Buy anything else ... anything .
 I have bought two in the last three years , and both have broken in the area by the bottom heating element . Penn Plaz has a full lifetime warranty , but keep the number , because upon return , they will ask you what item number it is . I guess they do n't have the availability to either look it up , or have the number on the product itself .
 I got these along with some other Chuckits for my dog , when they arrived I allowed her one of each type to play with . These were broken open and the outside material was all over the house within an hour . Granted she still wanted to play with them , but she was trying to eat the fuzz so I just pitched them . I will stick with Chuckits other toys because she still has all of those in one piece .
 These mini balls are not resistent at all , I have two chihuahuas and at first the cover started to fall apart and then my dogs just finished rippin ' it off , they ate it and I had to throw both -LRB- balls -RRB- to trash.Didn ' t last the month .
 Expensive little balls . My 7 pound dog destroys these quickly . But they fit the throwing device and I ca n't find them localaly .
 Using a Pro Clear 250 on a 125 reef tank . While dirty foam is collecting inside the column , the pump does not seem to have enough `` oomph '' to push the foam up into the collection cup . Its been running for three weeks . Have tried every combination of water level and air intake . Best foam created with air intake valve removed -LRB- wide open air intake -RRB- , and deepest possible sump water level , and water column pipe raised to highest level . Water temp is 80 degrees , specific gravity of 1.026 . This is going back to the retailor -- if they 'll take it .
 These are not cat bells . These bells are huge . They might be appropriate if your cat is a tiger or a lion .
 `` WIll not last '' . This has not lasted more than an hour with our dog . Too flimsy . Surprised as a similar product I had brought earlier -LRB- Kong Dr. Noys Material Dog Toy , Squirrel -RRB- lasted a while .
 If I would give this to a dog it would have to be a Tea Cup dog ... even then I 'd be very cautious !
 My 22 pound dog had the stuffing out of the head after an hour of play . Not for chewers as advertised .
 I have an English Cocker Spaniel that just loves to chew . She especially loves stuffed toys , BUT she has become an expert at destruction . I thought this toy would last at least a day or two . She got the leg off in about 30min and is working away on pulling the velcro off . All in all if you have a super chewer , forget this toy . More money down the drain ! Back to the NylaBone ... which she really does n't like , but will sometimes gnaw on if nothing else is available .
 My 35 lb . springer spaniel mix is a brutally aggressive chewer . She slaughtered this lamb in ten minutes or so . I bought this toy based on the strong reviews as a last attempt to see if a soft toy could stand up to my dog . This toy faired no better than any other stuffed toys I have purchased .
 My dog really liked this toy . However within 24 hours it had a hole in it and the tongue ripped off . My dog is fairly small and was more interested in playing catch than chewing it . I had high hopes since it comes with a replacement squeaker , I thought it would last a while . Other stuffed toys have lasted a lot longer .
 It lasted about five minutes . I 'd say it was a complete waste of money . Oh well , such is life . Peace .
 In the piicture the item looked a lot larger than the item that was delivered . The toy was only 2 1/2 inches long , hardly worth it .
 My Australian Shepherd chewed out the squeaker pouch less than two hours after getting this toy . The belly of the dog now has a large hole . I was expecting something much more durable for the price and after reading the other reviews . I would n't recommend buying this if you have a large dog .
 The description says its 7 '' from end to end , well not by my tape measure , if I really pull on it I can get it to 6 '' . This looks like a beaver not a squirrel and it more of a cat toy . My 11 week old puppy has played with it a bit , but likes his bigger , longer toys . The price of this should be $ 1.00 not $ 4.50 . It reminds me of a brown tiny mouse , UGH !!
 It was so tiny and it does not look like the photo . It is about the size of a small mouse.Don ' t buy it if you are looking for something for even a medium size dog . It is more like a cat toy .
 Okaye , this toy arrived in a little padded envelope . It was tiny . It does not look like the photo . It is about the size of a mouse , only it 's empty except for the squeaker . I put both squeakers in to make it fill out and squeak more easily ... . it 's tiny ! It is good for a small dog puppy , not a larger breed puppy , unless it wants to play with something the size of a mouse . My dog gets very excited about toys but this was quickly abandonned after a little over 5 minutes . She 's 13 lbs . I 'm not crazy about the velcro and how you can take the squeakers out , that 's something I believe some dogs can easily figure out .
 I would not have been so upset if this had not been listed as a toy for aggressive chewers . We buy a lot of dog toys and this was the worse .
 This was fun for the pooch while it lasted ... maybe 10 minutes . The squeeker only made it 5 . But , my dog sure thought it was fun !
 I bought this for my baby lab puppy and mercy , he only used it the first week we brought him home . It is super small and he quickly fished out the squeaky on the inside . I ended up giving this to a friend with a cairn terrier puppy - probably a much better fit ! This is smaller than the palm of my hand !!!
 I bought the Kong stuffed lamb a week ago for my dog after reading positive reviews and claims that it was durable and worth buying . I gave it to my 17 lb corgi-jack Russell mix who had it destroyed within 30 minutes . She pulled the squeaker out of the `` secure '' pouch and it had to be taken away from her . There is no point to the extra squeaker since the toy is destroyed . The toy may have `` less stuffing '' than most but still enough to be pulled all over the room . She tore the limbs and ears off easily . I know my little dog is rough on toys , but this one was no better than the cheap toys at the grocery store . I do not recommend this toy if you have a dog that chews and pulls . I am sadly giving up on soft toys since I have not yet found one to survive a single full day .
 1 . This item is the size of a field mouse2 . My Beagle had it ripped apart in less then 5 minutes .
 Maybe it was my own fault for ordering this -- but my 28lb beagle destroyed this toy in about 35 seconds . Itsy bitsy , about the size of the squeaker inside of it . Seemed more like a cat toy to me .
 My dog loves squeeky toys . When I saw that Kong made a squeeky product , I decided to give it a try . This is a small dachshund , mind you , not a huge dog , or even medium . Within three minutes -LRB- we timed her -RRB- she had broken the squeeky inside . I replaced it and again , and this time she was able to get into the plushie and destroy the squeeky . Now , she has a husk of a toy . If your dog is a hard chewer , this is not the toy for it . I just wish the description would have stated this .
 I know they listed that it was small , but this is ridiculously small.It 's more like a small toy for cats . They really should put somethingnext to it to show the true size .
 TINY , looks like a hamster with a beaver tail . My dog seems to like it but definitely not worth $ 5 . . more like $ .50
 Purchased this toy for my small dog . Within 5 min . he had managed to destroy the squeaker . Thinking this might have been a defective squeaker , I replaced it with the extra one that came with the toy . He destroyed that one also in less than 5 min . The squeakers must be very cheaply made . Very disappointing purchase ! Will not purchase another KONG toy with squeaker . Do n't waste your money on this toy .
 I purchased this toy because I was so pleased with the medium frog and medium bear in the same line . This product is 6 '' long from nose to tail -LRB- not 7 '' -RRB- , contains 1 replacement squeaker -LRB- not 4 -RRB- , and does not have the inner fleece pouch listed in the description . The medium sized toys had the inner fleece pouch , which is wonderful . My next step is to try and return this item . I highly recommend the medium sized frog and bear , but do not like the small size at all .
 Would have been a perfect toy in the largest size . Would not recommend the small one for any dog except perhaps a toy-breed baby . It 's just too small for safe play .
 The info dose not capture how small it is . Purchased for a golded retriever and he will proabably swallow it !!!!!
 i ordered 4 of these for about to be new born puppies and 2 out of the 4 had broken squeakers . . i understand they 're cheap which is fine but should n't sell broken items
 This toy is seriously the size of a field mouse like a previous poster said . Not worth 1.00 ... Very disappointed . I should have assumed the price was too good . We will see what my dogs do with it at Christmas .
 I think the toy is fine , just a warning to read the dimensions . The small size is appropriate for a cat .
 I bought this for my Cairn terrier for a stocking stuffer for christmas , it just showed up and I am shocked at its size . This toy is smaller then cat toys I have purchased ! I am almost afraid to give it to her in fear or her swallowing it because it is that small . I would have expected this from the extra small size but not the small , but thats what I get for not reading the detail product dimensions . All in all , this toy is worth maybe $ 0.25 at best ! It states that this is for dogs between 10-25 pounds , I would say it is for 10lbs and under and even that is pushing it .
 I got this thinking small was small , but I had no idea this would be TINY . I have seen mice -LRB- live -RRB- larger than this thing . I 'm afraid to let my dog play with it , afraid she 'll get it stuck in her throat.When they say small , they mean miniature , microscopic , it 's about 1 1/2 inches long ... maybe 2 , and is just waiting to be swallowed.I 'm sorry , but unless you have a dog the size of a guinea pig , do n't waste your time .
 VERY small item . Much smaller than other &#34; small &#34; sized Kong products I have purchased . My dogs are 12 and 14 pounds and I consider it a choking hazard . Save your money .
 Way too small for any dog that is bigger than the average cat . I gave it away to someone else since it was n't worth shipping back .
 I have owned this product for over a year , but it only worked for a few months . The pump still works , but it does n't work well for creating CO2 . I followed the instuctions and each time it would work for about a week to a week and a half , then start making this horrible noise . I think there was not enough CO2 being generated for the pump . I kept the pump on the lowest setting , but it would still start making the noise if it was hooked to the bottle . I had a 6 pack of the sugar , and so I used it as long as that lasted . I am now looking for a better CO2 , I would not waste your money on this one .
 This toy is seriously the size of a field mouse like a previous poster said . Not worth 1.00 ... Very disappointed . I should have assumed the price was too good . We will see what my dogs do with it at Christmas .
 I think the toy is fine , just a warning to read the dimensions . The small size is appropriate for a cat .
 I bought this for my Cairn terrier for a stocking stuffer for christmas , it just showed up and I am shocked at its size . This toy is smaller then cat toys I have purchased ! I am almost afraid to give it to her in fear or her swallowing it because it is that small . I would have expected this from the extra small size but not the small , but thats what I get for not reading the detail product dimensions . All in all , this toy is worth maybe $ 0.25 at best ! It states that this is for dogs between 10-25 pounds , I would say it is for 10lbs and under and even that is pushing it .
 Maybe it was my own fault for ordering this -- but my 28lb beagle destroyed this toy in about 35 seconds . Itsy bitsy , about the size of the squeaker inside of it . Seemed more like a cat toy to me .
 My dog loves squeeky toys . When I saw that Kong made a squeeky product , I decided to give it a try . This is a small dachshund , mind you , not a huge dog , or even medium . Within three minutes -LRB- we timed her -RRB- she had broken the squeeky inside . I replaced it and again , and this time she was able to get into the plushie and destroy the squeeky . Now , she has a husk of a toy . If your dog is a hard chewer , this is not the toy for it . I just wish the description would have stated this .
 VERY small item . Much smaller than other &#34; small &#34; sized Kong products I have purchased . My dogs are 12 and 14 pounds and I consider it a choking hazard . Save your money .
 Way too small for any dog that is bigger than the average cat . I gave it away to someone else since it was n't worth shipping back .
 I would not have been so upset if this had not been listed as a toy for aggressive chewers . We buy a lot of dog toys and this was the worse .
 This was fun for the pooch while it lasted ... maybe 10 minutes . The squeeker only made it 5 . But , my dog sure thought it was fun !
 It was so tiny and it does not look like the photo . It is about the size of a small mouse.Don ' t buy it if you are looking for something for even a medium size dog . It is more like a cat toy .
 Okaye , this toy arrived in a little padded envelope . It was tiny . It does not look like the photo . It is about the size of a mouse , only it 's empty except for the squeaker . I put both squeakers in to make it fill out and squeak more easily ... . it 's tiny ! It is good for a small dog puppy , not a larger breed puppy , unless it wants to play with something the size of a mouse . My dog gets very excited about toys but this was quickly abandonned after a little over 5 minutes . She 's 13 lbs . I 'm not crazy about the velcro and how you can take the squeakers out , that 's something I believe some dogs can easily figure out .
 I bought the Kong stuffed lamb a week ago for my dog after reading positive reviews and claims that it was durable and worth buying . I gave it to my 17 lb corgi-jack Russell mix who had it destroyed within 30 minutes . She pulled the squeaker out of the `` secure '' pouch and it had to be taken away from her . There is no point to the extra squeaker since the toy is destroyed . The toy may have `` less stuffing '' than most but still enough to be pulled all over the room . She tore the limbs and ears off easily . I know my little dog is rough on toys , but this one was no better than the cheap toys at the grocery store . I do not recommend this toy if you have a dog that chews and pulls . I am sadly giving up on soft toys since I have not yet found one to survive a single full day .
 1 . This item is the size of a field mouse2 . My Beagle had it ripped apart in less then 5 minutes .
 I bought this for my baby lab puppy and mercy , he only used it the first week we brought him home . It is super small and he quickly fished out the squeaky on the inside . I ended up giving this to a friend with a cairn terrier puppy - probably a much better fit ! This is smaller than the palm of my hand !!!
 I know they listed that it was small , but this is ridiculously small.It 's more like a small toy for cats . They really should put somethingnext to it to show the true size .
 TINY , looks like a hamster with a beaver tail . My dog seems to like it but definitely not worth $ 5 . . more like $ .50
 Purchased this toy for my small dog . Within 5 min . he had managed to destroy the squeaker . Thinking this might have been a defective squeaker , I replaced it with the extra one that came with the toy . He destroyed that one also in less than 5 min . The squeakers must be very cheaply made . Very disappointing purchase ! Will not purchase another KONG toy with squeaker . Do n't waste your money on this toy .
 I purchased this toy because I was so pleased with the medium frog and medium bear in the same line . This product is 6 '' long from nose to tail -LRB- not 7 '' -RRB- , contains 1 replacement squeaker -LRB- not 4 -RRB- , and does not have the inner fleece pouch listed in the description . The medium sized toys had the inner fleece pouch , which is wonderful . My next step is to try and return this item . I highly recommend the medium sized frog and bear , but do not like the small size at all .
 The description says its 7 '' from end to end , well not by my tape measure , if I really pull on it I can get it to 6 '' . This looks like a beaver not a squirrel and it more of a cat toy . My 11 week old puppy has played with it a bit , but likes his bigger , longer toys . The price of this should be $ 1.00 not $ 4.50 . It reminds me of a brown tiny mouse , UGH !!
 My Australian Shepherd chewed out the squeaker pouch less than two hours after getting this toy . The belly of the dog now has a large hole . I was expecting something much more durable for the price and after reading the other reviews . I would n't recommend buying this if you have a large dog .
 It lasted about five minutes . I 'd say it was a complete waste of money . Oh well , such is life . Peace .
 In the piicture the item looked a lot larger than the item that was delivered . The toy was only 2 1/2 inches long , hardly worth it .
 Would have been a perfect toy in the largest size . Would not recommend the small one for any dog except perhaps a toy-breed baby . It 's just too small for safe play .
 The info dose not capture how small it is . Purchased for a golded retriever and he will proabably swallow it !!!!!
 i ordered 4 of these for about to be new born puppies and 2 out of the 4 had broken squeakers . . i understand they 're cheap which is fine but should n't sell broken items
 My 22 pound dog had the stuffing out of the head after an hour of play . Not for chewers as advertised .
 I have an English Cocker Spaniel that just loves to chew . She especially loves stuffed toys , BUT she has become an expert at destruction . I thought this toy would last at least a day or two . She got the leg off in about 30min and is working away on pulling the velcro off . All in all if you have a super chewer , forget this toy . More money down the drain ! Back to the NylaBone ... which she really does n't like , but will sometimes gnaw on if nothing else is available .
 My 35 lb . springer spaniel mix is a brutally aggressive chewer . She slaughtered this lamb in ten minutes or so . I bought this toy based on the strong reviews as a last attempt to see if a soft toy could stand up to my dog . This toy faired no better than any other stuffed toys I have purchased .
 My dog really liked this toy . However within 24 hours it had a hole in it and the tongue ripped off . My dog is fairly small and was more interested in playing catch than chewing it . I had high hopes since it comes with a replacement squeaker , I thought it would last a while . Other stuffed toys have lasted a lot longer .
 `` WIll not last '' . This has not lasted more than an hour with our dog . Too flimsy . Surprised as a similar product I had brought earlier -LRB- Kong Dr. Noys Material Dog Toy , Squirrel -RRB- lasted a while .
 If I would give this to a dog it would have to be a Tea Cup dog ... even then I 'd be very cautious !
 There are two different types of Adams Flea and Tick Mist . this one is the organic version , and does not work as well as the other type . We have had a terrible flea problem this winter , and I bought this to replace the empty bottle of the non-organic version we had . I would count up to 100 dead fleas falling off our jack russell . But with this , I 'm just not getting the same numbers . I would save my money and buy the really potent stuff .
 Not working at all for us . We 've been using it for a few weeks now , saturating our dogs , and bathing them with Adams flea shampoo , treating carpets , bedding , etc. . I 've used Adams in the past ago with great results , but not this time . I 'm very disappointed .
 I ordered this product from Grady 's because it was slightly cheaper than the other listed sellers . Big mistake ! The product arrived on time and appeared to be the product I ordered . However , I first noticed something was wrong when the top of the bottle was taped shut with a strip of packing tape . I found this odd , as every other bottle I 've ordered has had standard packaging that fixes the top to the bottle on its own . Next , when I opened it to use on my dog it was green and thin in consistency . As any Adams Flea Shampoo user knows , Adams is bright blue -LRB- like the bottle -RRB- and thick in consistency . To make matters worse , whatever shampoo or chemical they filled the Adams bottle with , caused an allergic reaction on my dog 's skin . 3 months later , we are still trying to get his skin and coat back to normal . He 's lost lumps of hair and developed lesions all over his skin . I will never order from them again ! I would n't even give them a star if I could .
 Since our cats are aging -LRB- 9 and 10 year old females in excellent health , indoor-only -RRB- , we wanted a gentler flea control . They did n't have fleas , but in the summer we treat them with flea treatments as a preventative since we have the doors and windows open . I sprayed them , as directed , and immediately afterwards they began foaming at the mouth , and tearing around the house as though trying to escape from something . Even though I washed it off of them , for 3 days afterwards they were both really lethargic , lost their appetites , and just clearly just generally felt unwell . I ca n't imagine what it would have been like had I not washed it off them . I 'll never use this product again !
 I followed the directions and sprayed one trigger for each pound if cat.About 30 minutes later , my cats were all foaming at the mouth ... literally . I cleaned up foaming cat puke all night and they still have fleas !
 I used this spray on my sons cat as regular preventive care . It was the first time we had used this brand and the smell of the spray was very strong . After spraying the cat he was drooling very badly -LRB- though the container says this is not a cause for concern -RRB- he was very lethargic , and could n't seem to control his bladder . Even after washing it off him with Dawn dishsoap -LRB- recommended by the vet -RRB- he has continued to fight for his life the past couple of days . We do n't know if he will pull thru or not , the vet says we just have to wait and see . Please do n't use this on your animals , it is n't worth the risk of killing them .
 The MAIN ingredient is Chicken by product !!!!! This is from about.com ... `` What to avoid * Words such as `` By-products , '' `` meat and/or bone meal , '' `` animal digest , '' most other descriptions including `` digest '' or `` meal , '' and added sugars . * Chemical preservatives , including BHA , BHT , ethoxyquin , and propyl gallate * Corn meal as a filler * Excess of carbohydrate `` fillers '' -LRB- Dry food can contain as much as 50 percent grain -RRB- Cats are Obligate Carnivores , and can not thrive on vegetarian diets , although most vegetables can be added to cats ' diets , either by the manufacturer or the consumer.Pet food manufacturers can not print `` complete and balanced '' on their labels unless one of the following criteria is met : * The food must pass feeding tests for the life stage recommended on the label * The composition of the food must meet or exceed nutrient levels established by AAFCO * Preservatives , at the level included in commercial pet foods , have never been scientifically demonstrated to cause any problems in pets -LRB- or people -RRB- at less than 100 times the levels found in such foods . On the other hand , the current trend for many cat food manufacturers is toward using natural preservatives , such as vitamins C and E. ''
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 I fed this for 7 years . My cats loved the taste , but were all getting obese . It did n't dawn on me that it could be this premium food that was causing them to be so fat until I looked at a chart which compared ingredients of dry cat foods . Science Diet has nearly double the fat of most brands . I know carbs are a concern too when picking a diet for these little carnivores , but I switched -LRB- 3 mos ago -RRB- to an Iams product that has meat as the primary ingredient , and less than half the fat . Another note is that the `` light '' cat food formulations , including Hill 's , replace fat with grains . That 's simply not acceptable and can lead to obesity just as surely.The jury is still out on my cats ' battle of the bulge , but it does appear that they 're a bit more svelte in just this short time .
 if you think you are a good cat parent please do your own research before buying this product . this cat food contains nothing but meat-by-products and grains ! this stuff will kill your cat in the long run . if you are still feeding your cat this , stop immediately and google the ingredients of science diet cat food now and see for yourself .
 My 19 1/2 year has ate Science Diet all her life , they changed the food she always ate and now she wo n't eat . I wrote them and they wrote me back basically letting me know they DO NOT CARE ABOUT MY CAT it is all about the money to them !!!
 Please do your research on pet foods and what is actually good for your cats . Hills science diet is a horrible food filled with horrible ingredients . They charge an outrageous price because it 's the # 1 vet recommended food . This is a joke and the only reason why it 's rated # 1 buy vets is because Hills gives money to soon to be vets to help them go through school . Then they sell the cat food to them cheap so they can jack up the price and make a nice profit off of your marketing foolishness . Read the back of the labels of Hills brand and you will see that most of the top ingredients are grains or cheap meat by products which are the feathers , bones , unwanted organs from animals , basically all of the stuff we would n't eat . Please try another brand like orijen or evo . your cat will thank you .
 I bought this valve but when it arrived which took forever it seemed it was really cheaply made we only hope it will last until we can upgrade to a more worthy product .
 These came , as described , in a net bag with six , multi-colored tennis-ball-like balls , in various fun colors . They feel sturdy and ought to take the dog a while to work through them . There is , however , absolutely NO bounce -LRB- as in `` zero , zip , nada '' -RRB- to these . The dog and I prefer the less-expensive Penn `` coach '' tennis balls purchased locally . They bounce WAY better and provide a challenge for her and laughter for me .
 This and any other aquariums with the same design fail to tell customers that for a fish to be healthy , the tank it 's in has to have a wide surface area . What 's wide about a 3 inch by 20 inch surface area?The fish also have no room to turn around . Most fish will grow larger than the few inches this tank allows.You ca n't fit a siphon in it , which means you ca n't remove the poop from the tank , which means the built-up ammonia will kill your fish in a short amount of time .
 This flea collar looked so cute on my kitty until I noticed his fur was falling out . He is now missing about an inch width of fur all around his neck . He 's always worn a flea collar but this was the first one to rub all his fur off . Beware of toxic collar .
 This flea collar might work fine but I could n't leave it on my cat any longer.It had a powdery smell so it did n't smell like chemicals or anything but from the minute I put it on my cat she started squinting and acting lethargic.She just was n't acting like herself so after a few days I took it off .
 WAAAAAAAY underpowered and out of spec for what it is supposed to supply . I have this unit with 2 ' of head feet . According to Danner 's spec sheet , it should flow 550gph at that head feet . That 's 9.1 gals per minute . That 's laughable . I filled a 5gal bucket with it in 2:40 which is about 115gph , less than a quarter of what it 's supposed to flow.FAIL .
 Very , Very loud external pump . It 's louder than my two cooling fans and chiller together . Also this thing is very hot .
 First one worked great for a little over a month and then stopped working . Amazon is great to work with and since it has a 1 year warranty they are going to replace it with no cost to me . Hopefully I just got a bad one and the replacement will last a while.This is for a water feature that was here when I bought the home . The original one lasted over two years . This pump was not any louder than the one it replaced so I ca n't comment on it being loud.UPDATE
 Glucosamine was highly recommended by a number of friends who own older dogs . After reviewing most of the glucosamine dog products offered through Amazon , I decided on this one . The cardboard box containing the 20 lbs . of `` wafers '' -LRB- actually a dog bone -RRB- was tightly sealed with packing tape when it arrived . When I turned the box over to find the correct side to open , I could hear the contents inside tumbling around . Much to my displeasure , when I opened the box the `` wafers '' were just thrown inside ... much like a bag of pretzels or chips . The box was about 2/3s full ... I will have to take their word that there was 20 lbs inside . Approx . half of the `` wafers '' were broken or shredded . It was so bad that when I emptied the `` wafers '' into a plastic container , I was able to fill a 16oz . paper cup with the dust/particles found at the bottom of the box . -LRB- and that did not include the broken pieces ! -RRB- The shipper did n't wrap the `` wafers '' in a plastic bag . The shipper did n't make any attempt to protect or bubble-wrap the contents . I 'm not in a position to report the effectiveness of the glucosamine ; but I can tell you I am extremely disappointed in the way it was packaged and shipped . If you plan to order any of Amazon 's glucosamine products ; I strongly urge you to check the way in which it will be packaged . Thumbs down to Amazon for this product !!!
 When the package arrived , it had lots of packing material inside the box , but the bones were on the very bottom of the box . They were all broken up . The bag should have been placed in the middle of the packing materials for better protection.Not happy at all .
 I am very disappointed in Amazon with this purchase . Although I purchased a 20 pound box , I only received 18 pounds ? Even the shipper listed the weight at 18 pounds . Is Amazon now into false advertising ?
 Many biscuits were broken and appeared stale . My dogs did not like them .
 My mastiff needed 4 of these each day , per the label . Each biscuit is about the size of a large milk bone biscuit . He ate them willingly enough the first week , but after that it was a challenge to get him to eat them . This giant is not a picky eater . Each time i gave him one of the biscuits , he would first walk away from it , then come back and try to hide it . I found biscuits under his bed , under the sofa cushions , in the compost pile , half buried in the garden etc. . He then took to hiding them in his large jowls . In fact each time I gave him a biscuit , I would have to break it into small pieces and then stand over him to make sure he ate it all.He would look worried each time I took one out . It looked like a treat but did not taste like one . Such a rotten trick . I gave him the last one yesterday much to my relief , and most certainly his . I am going back to his previous liquid glucosamine routine . Do n't remember why I changed it in the first place . Moral of the story-don ' t fix it if ...
 My dog does n't really like these very much . -LRB- ... and really ... what is the point of it coming in biscuit form if you practically have to force-feed it to your dog ? ... -RRB- I am also not really confident it does what it says . There may be some issue with my dog absorbing the nutrients from these . I switched to a different product after a few months of him not liking these and I noticed very rapid improvement in his joints and mobility within a few weeks ! Obviously , this is not anything I would buy again ... ever .
 This is not a bad product overall ; however , describing it as large is very misleading . It is tiny ; maybe ok for a dog under 16 lbs but that 's it . As the result , we could only use it for 2 weeks before our puppy grew out of it . Also , the handle is attached loosely and comes off easily which makes it hard to carry .
 I have a young mini rex who gave one tug on the doorway within 2 minutes of me putting him in the carrier , and the zipper popped off the track . Another tug , and the second zipper came off . Spent the remainder of the 1hr ride in the car holding the door shut with one hand -LRB- while driving stick -RRB- . Was also incredibly tight for a small bunny - he could barely turn around - and this is a 4 lb MINI rabbit.Spend the extra $ 5 and get a hard plastic pet carrier .
 The carrier I received was bright neon green versus the dull red from the picture . The side net screen is shaped like a heart and does not have a zipper . Furthermore , the carrier has a horrible chemical smell .
 Do n't believe them when they advertise this carrier as an option for traveling ferrets . A ferret 's sharp claws easily claw through the plastic liner on the inside of the case , leaving them surrounded in shreds of plastic and having destroyed the barrier that was supposed to keep liquids in , rather than on someone 's lap or car seat . Also , it is a well know fact that ferrets prefer to poop in corners . This carrier has to-the-floor zippers in all corners , meaning that , rather than wiping up any poop at the end of the trip , you find yourself either giving up cleanliness or picking dried poop out of the teeth of the zipper with a toothpick . My ferret also discovered how to unzip the case and find her freedom.Overall , this carrier may be okay other small animals , but do n't purchase this carrier for a ferret . Bad idea .
 Shortly after putting my ferret in this carrier , she managed to tear up the very thin plastic liner on the interior and ended up swallowing a piece . This caused a intestinal blockage which required a trip to the vet and a lot of discomfort for my ferret . While the carrier may be good for some animals , I would highly discourage anyone with a ferret or other animal that likes to dig from buying this . The interior is very cheaply made and this carrier should be avioded .
 I have this for my hermit crabs . The thermometer would never read over 68 degrees no matter what I did . I bought an extra heater and raised my house temp with no improvement . The tank felt warmer than my house temp so I bought a different thermometer . It registered 78 degrees on one side of the tank and 71 on the other ! This thermometer is VERY inaccurate ! Do not buy it ! The hydrometer seems to work , but I 'll be replacing that portion too just in case !
 Poor quality thermometer and humidity gauge . What do you expect for the price ? I expect it to at least be close to accurate . I have a digital for about a dollar more that works great . This one is hard to see and inaccurate .
 These products are geared towards novice owners and have no benefit to your turtle.A turtle 's shell is a living , breathing tissue . The top layer is called keratin , which is the same makeup as your hair , nails and the top layer of your skin . The keratin is porous where both gas and liquid transfers take place . Waxes found in Vitashell -LRB- Lanolin especially -RRB- can not break down or be absorbed . This also -LRB- along with diasolinyl urea and stearamidopropyl dimethylamine lactate -RRB- blocks absorption of most of the oil contained in the mixture , negating their potential benefits . The wax clogs the pores , aiding in several health problems including several types of infection . For aquatics and semi-aquatics , the presence of wax underneath and around the scutes can cause retained scutes . The `` shine '' you see when applying Vitashell is nothing more than the presence of the oil and wax and has no relation to the applied area itself.Do not get the impression that because it is sold in stores makes it a safe product . Truth be told , there are no regulations that govern these types of products.A turtle/tortoise kept on a proper diet with clean water will have a healthy , vibrant appearance . If kept in more arid climates and poor soil the shell will appear dry . For them , weekly-monthly baths/soaking will suffice . If you are hard-set on `` pampering '' your turtle/tortoise then get organic , cold-pressed argan oil . It has all the benefits of any other botanical oils combined as well as being 100 % absorbent . Argan oil is also very light and will not clog any pores . You can find bottles here on Amazon for a reasonable price .
 After examining the tie out I was afraid it would not hold my pet . He is small but very strong for his size , a Jack Russel Terrier . I live in an area where it would be dangerous for him to break the tie out and get away - coyotes . So I ended up buying a Viking brand tie out for large dogs instead and have not used this one .
 Purchased from Amazon and this product does nothing to stop stooleating Waste of moneyRCBuffalo
 Returned this and ordered the Pondmaster 1250 instead . Had to clean the filter every fews days in contrast to the 1250 that I celaned out weekly . SO Disappointed . You get what you pay for .
 This pump did n't even make it a year . I would not buy this pump unless you want to replace it in a short amount of time .
 This pump did not last very long , so I sent it back and received a replacement . The replacement did not last long , so I sent it back and received a second replacement . Well , replacement # 2 failed , so I give up . Going to buy a pump from a different manufacturer .
 I ordered this pump on June 11th . it was received and used for three weeks . It stopped working . I applied for and received another pump from Amazon . I have had it since July 13th and again it stopped working . The directions say that the impella section should be cleaned by taking it apart if it clogs up . However , one needs special tools to remove it for cleaning , tools which even my Ace Hardware store does not have . I did back flush it which did no good . Since the refund time has passed , I am stuck with a pump that I have had for less than two months and it does n't work .
 I bought this to keep a small -LRB- 3.5 ' diam , 1.5 ' deep -RRB- turtle pond clean , and at first it moved water well but did n't really seem to get the water any cleaner . We would clean out the filter every few days as the flow decreased , but over time the flow got weaker . After a couple months it started making grinding noises and stopped moving water at all .
 I purchased this thru Amazon about 3-4 months ago ... and it suddenly quit.Worked great until then . Not sure who to contact ... UPDATE : Contacting the company and found out that Amazon is not a `` designated distributor '' for their product so they wo n't take it back !! I tried to take apart the pump as per their suggestion and found out the pump impeller was Broken ! ... and the whole thing is now good as a door stop.I do n't have the money to waste.And this was definitely a BIG WASTE .
 I ran this pump for 3 months on a timer . It kept the water clear in my small pond -LRB- with several fish -RRB- . Very low powered , but fine for my purposes - aeration and filtration . Sadly , it stopped working after just 3 months . I tried fixing it as related in a previous review , to no avail . It was cleaned regularly and not abused . Other pumps work as well , last longer and are the same price . Try tetra .
 I got this for my small 90 gallon pond . This filter is totally inadequate and I was warned by local retail stores and pet stores that it would not be a strong enough . They all said it just does n't do the job . Well i wish I listened ! Take it from me . . DO N't BUY IT ! Spend the few extra dollars and get a stronger one !
 Worked as expected originally , great for smaller pond . On the down side , it will quickly tip over in your pond without some additional weight on the filter box . The filter box quickly clogs but conditions could vary from pond to pond . Initially I was pleased but then the pump broke in less than 3 months of use . Too much money for inferior product .
 It worked kind of until it broke a week later :-LRB- The plastic clips to lock down the top broke
 I received the item and when I tried it ----- The unit ran for approximately 2 minutes and then stopped ----- It was a defective unit which I am unable to return for exchange . I have to return it and repurchase the item . I am sure the item is generally a good because I had the same model a few years ago and was very satisfied with the performance of the unit -- I am very disenchanted with the lack of cooperation in replacing defective items without having to go through the purchase procedure again .
 Bought this product in May 2010 for my 200 gallon 4 ' X 6 ' pond . This is a magnetically driven pump that uses low wattage , a plus . But within weeks the impeller -LRB- the only moving part -RRB- broke and within 6 months the second impeller broke . So I bought two more . This time when it stopped , it turned out to be the motor itself , not the spare impellers.So I 've decided never again with this brand . I 've had my fish pond for 25 years and have run pumps 365 days/year through harsh winters and thick ice . For over 22 years , I used a Little Giant brand pump , 3 of the same model . So that 's what I am going back to . In my experience , the Pondmaster pump is inferior and poorly engineered .
 So far this pump/filter setup has worked for me . My pond is 8x10 and 2 1/2 feet at its deepest and 1 foot at the lowest . The pump has been running none stop for 2 weeks now and I have not experienced any issues . The filter that came with it is good , it does the job of filtering and it is also easy to clean.Edit : I have now changed my review to 2 stars . After just a little over 2 months of off and on use the pump has stopped working . I thought it might have been clogged but when I took it out of my pond it was clean and no excessive debris was in the filter . If you are look for a pump to run continuously then stay away from this one .
 This is my second pond master and I only got another because I had some spares for the first . It needs a new coupling every 8 months or so and the pump would no longer work after 2 years . Not a great product in my opinion .
 Pondmaster PMK190 is rated at 190 gph but it did not seem to pump as much as other pumps I have owned . The picture on the box shows a large spray and the one purchased may have been malfunctioning so it was returned to the manufacturer for testing.It is also unclear how well the filtration system would work based on the short stint . However , the path of water may not be optimum since the water is not drawn through the entire filter .
 I have been running this pump for about a month straight now and have done cleanings on the filters once a week . It trips my breaker everytime I plug/unplug it . The filter is removing algae from my pond -LRB- 190 gallon -RRB- , but my pond is far from being clear . I have also been using algicide ... It may be time to spend the $ $ $ for a UV filter . The filter maybe good for a smaller pond , but so far its performance is unsatisfactory at best in mine .
 I purchased the first PMK190 Pump and it did not pump properly . The magnetic pump made a lot of noise
 This is a toy at best . The pump is wholly inadequate . It is able to produce an arched umbrella of water at the top of the 20 '' or so fountain top to about 2 '' in diameter . 24 hours later it is not pumping at all . After a thorough cleaning it still does not pump water all the way to the top of the fountain stick . I was expecting a larger unit it was surprisingly tiny . I will be returning it .
 I have had my 100 gallon pond for 10 years . This is the 3rd pump -LRB- with filter -RRB- I have bought and it is easily the worst . First of all this filter should not be recommended for more than 50 gallons . It is too small for much else and needs to be cleaned twice a week if filtering 100 gallons . The main reason I would never buy a Pondmaster product again is because of it 's poor quality . EVERY time I have to clean this filter and pump it takes almost two hours because to get the pump to work again is a huge ordeal . The problem is it always has to be taken apart to clean and getting the propeller to spin after that is when I have to waste wellover an hour each time . I work on it in my kitchen sink since it takes so long to get working . Once the screws are removed and I hold the pump together by hand it works fine . Put the screws back -LRB- tight , not tight , makes no difference -RRB- in and the propeller stops working . After going through this procedure for an hour or so you may get lucky and have it start working . Then very often I get back out to the pond with the pump that was working fine in my sink 3 minutes earlier and once it goes in the pond it will STOP WORKING AGAIN . I am ordering a new pump and filter today and throwing this junk in the trash were it belongs . I should also mention this unit is 4 1/2 months old . I could pay to return the pump for replacement , but I have no confidence in this product.The same day I wrote this review was the last day I bothered working on this piece of junk to get it to work . I went to Lowes and bought a Smartpond floating pump and filter with UV . It cost $ 120 but it is worth it . It has four LED lights that shine on the fountain head and it looks great at night . One of the fountain heads shots the water straight up and it is awesome to see at night . The only thing that I have to clean regularly on this new filter is the fountain head and that takes about two minutes .
 I bought this product yesterday from a store , just wanted to warn others . Maybe mine was a manufacturing fluke , but there are 2 problems right off the bat . The lid to the casing that holds the filters does n't latch shut , so I ca n't hold it from the handle , the whole thing opens up . Second , it 's a good thing the bonus fountain head is `` free '' because mine did not make a nice dome shape , it sprayed directly out , reaching 5 feet in all directions . So , I secured the casing shut with zip ties and took off the fountain head , so it just bubbles out , but that works for now . it 's been running for a couple of hours and going strong , just disappointed I had to alter 2 parts because of bad design .
 I was happy to order this product . It got here quick . Saddly after 5 minutes the pump blew . I called pondmaster who refused to honor the warrenty due to the amount of rebuilt equipment comming from sellers on Amazon and Ebay . The seller has said they will return the money and refused to exchange for another product . I paid $ 10 for return shipping -LRB- wich will not be refunded to me -RRB- and still no word from the seller . I have had to call Amazon to make sure I get my money back . All I can say is BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!
 Was not happy with new line as soon as I received it . Used it lightly for a month and the collar will no longer synch with the remote . I have another Dogtra that 's 8 years old beaten beyond recognition used daily so I 'm surprised this new one died . Need to involve Dogtra to fix it , will post that experience later .
 I purchased the Dogtra system for my dog , a 3 year old black Lab , and was quite happy with the product until I had an issue and needed a repair ... Our dog was playing with his friend from the neighborhood -LRB- a 120 lb . Chesapeake Bay retriever -RRB- and they ran past me as I was holding the remote/transmitter . The lanyard of the remote snapped and the unit fell on the concrete , and the back of the controller broke apart . There was nothing wrong with the remote -- it still worked just fine -- but the back battery cover had snapped in half . So I sent the transmitter back to Dogtra for them to repair it . They called me back a few days later and said that their `` techs '' checked it over and decided that we needed a brand new trasnmitter which would be $ 45 , plus $ 10.82 for shipping . As I said before , there was NOTHING wrong with the remote - the battery cover had just broken and we wanted just the cover replaced . So after paying $ 200 for this system , they wanted me to fork over another $ 56 just to have a plastic cover replaced ?? No way . So I had them ship the broken unit back to me and we 're just holding it together with duct tape.My advice - just go for the cheap knockoff at Petco .
 Where do I start ? I bought this based on other reviews saying how great this gate is . I finally receive this hunk of dung . I 'm looking at this thing and trying to decide what to do next . It has these 4 little brackets to install on each of the corners . Sounds easy right , think again . Getting them even was a real treat . The thing looks all lopsided and wobbly . Then trying to line up the open and close latch was another treat . Then when you managed to line that up you 'll notice how hard it is to open and close . You have to push down on this latch with alot of pressure and you 'll notice a blister forming on your finger . If you have older children that need to use this they will not have the strength . I bought this to keep my 2 critters out of the living room , a cat and dog . I have a small dog about 24 lbs . which looked like he could just plough through it . Over all the thing is flimsy , ugly and hard to use . If you have to open it alot you 'll go crazy . I suggest buying a metal pressure mounted gate that looks good and is easy to open and will keep small children and pets out Like I did . I returned this Item and spent an extra 20.00 on one of these gates and I 'm very happy I did .
 I got this to put on my closet as a door for my rabbit 's closet-cage . It was hard for me to install , -LRB- I never actually did it right -RRB- , left a hole in my wall , and serves as a chew toy now . I 'm not really too savvy with tools , but I can use a screw-driver ; this thing needs a drill , in my opinion . It took me forever to screw into the wall , and it was hard to line up . It very well might be my fault -LRB- seeing the excellent reviews from others , -RRB- but this is now my rabbit 's favorite chew toy -- and definitely not being used for his door -LRB- He can squeeze right through the diamonds ! -RRB- Rabbit buyers beware ! They will chew this and keep you up all night !!
 We loved this baby gate until one of the rivets fell out . A rivet is a permanent mechanical fastener and this gate is covered in them . Before it is installed a rivet consists of a smooth cylindrical shaft with a head on one end . The end opposite the head is called the buck-tail . On installation the rivet is placed in a pre-drilled hole . Then the tail is deformed so that it expands to about 1.5 times the original shaft diameter and holds the rivet in place . This particular rivet was never deformed on the buck-tail . If I had not heard it fall on the hardwood floor , I would not have noticed my baby pick it up and almost put it in his mouth ! If you purchase this gate , inspect every single rivet just in case ... Update 4/22/09 : I emailed GMI about this incident and received a fast and concerned response . I am very pleased with how they are handling this issue . They will send a replacement and will pick up the defective gate for inspection , possibly issuing a recall . Other than the rivet issue , the gate is perfect to meet our needs . Hopefully , GMI will rectify this problem quickly .
 I would recommend getting a yard cable for your dog and attaching it to your porch of a more durable gate . This did not do the job .
 I was n't happy with this product , I got a puppy -LRB- an 8 pound cocker spaniel -RRB- just like the one in that picture and when i can home from work , he had knocked it down and ransacked to house ! I did have it fully expanded so i do n't know if that had something to do with it , However i just do n't think it was worth the money
 This gate installs relatively easily and it is nice that it folds away to the side . However , it is pretty thin and cheap , and my dog pulled it apart in just a few weeks .
 I bought 4 of these gates for a porch with low benches and low railings . One was broken . The wood was broken and leaves a sharp point that someone is bound to get hurt on . But I noticed after finally getting them in the mail , unpacking , putting them all up and wire tying them all together so I have not sent back because shipping a baby gate back after all the packaging and unwrapping is more of a pain , plus the boxes the gates came in had to be destroyed during unpacking because they were so tightly wrapped . I would not order again just because of this . Other than being broken , the gates are fine and work adequately .
 The wood of which the gate is made is very nice . However , it is very stiff and difficult to open . The spring mechanism that attaches the gate hook to the wall mounted eyehook is poorly designed and VERY difficult to work .
 I bought this brush for my buns when I first got him . It did absolutely NOTHING to even comb his hair . My buns has really long hair , so I would recommended this for a really short haired rabbit . I wish I would have known about the needs of long haired rabbits before I wasted my money on this brush .
 I have this little heart-shaped flea comb that I searched high and low for before deciding to purchase the Vo-Toys Flea Comb . In comparison , it 's not a good . Maybe the angle is off or maybe the teeth are too wide . Whatever the reason , it does n't seem to fully comb out my short-hair , and it gives the fleas too much time to bail off of my long-hair . Moving to the third-floor and keeping my cats indoors and away from other pets has decreased their flea-incident to 0 % . Interestingly , I found that little heart-shaped comb . This one has gone in the junk drawer .
 My cat stuck his nose up at the dried fish , i gave it to someone else and her cat did n't like it either , it was a total waste of money !
 Would love to give them to the cats , but I do not know when they were manufactured . The box I received for an order places on 12/4/2012 says it expired 5/31/12 .
 My cat loves all things fish flavored , but refused to have anything to do with this product . She would n't even tolerate it in her food dish . She pulled it out and shoved it off to the side on the floor .
 Sorry but all two kittens and an adult cat simply not wanting to eat it . Maybe you should highlight taht it is anchovies !
 I received the item on time but my dog could not get close to it because its strong chemical ordor . . I put it in the Bleach water overnight but its smell still there . . i am going to return it
 something that i did not order ... from a barcode app , i bought a specific item - but what i got was this toy ... not the 2-pack football and orange ball i scanned ... ok , no problem ... i wanted to return ... well , from september to november , i spoke to 8 people with the company & the response just to return and/or get correct product was the most deplorable customer service i have ever received for such a trivial order ... denial , blame , apologizing , promises - worthless ... . take extreme caution when ordering from this vendor ...
 I was looking for a softer latex , squeaky ball . Nothing wrong with it , just not my dog 's preference , your 's may like it .
 I just received mine and I set it up in my 10G tank and ZERO bubbles . Seems like it does n't breath at all . I tried to scratch the surface a little bit & washed it under the tap to remove any debris ... No go.Air Pump if good for upto 20g Tank . I 'm amazed by reading the review that I 'm the only one with no bubbles =-LRB- -LRB-
 This aquarium ornament does n't work that well . Unlike in the picture , the bubbles do n't come out in most places . Only a about 1/4 of it shoots out air bubbles .
 Bubbles come out of the first 1/8 of an inch . . what about the other 5 3/8 '' ? Very Poor quality / garbage .
 This bubbles does n't work as shown in the picture . the bubbles come out of the first 1/5 . what about the other 5/4 ?
 Item was received out of original packaging and broken in half . It costs me more to return it than the item is worth .
 The purpose of this product is to send small bubbles into the water in a fish tank , you connect an airhose to one end and bubbles should come out the entire length of the product , bubbles came out of the first few inches nearest the air tubing only . Clearly the product was never made correctly .
 DONT waste your money on this !! not should have told me that it needed an air pump and a tube with cost a lot more !! this is so stupid . i just wasted my money !!
 I was looking for a new aerator after my old one wore out . I was very disappointed with this . I have four areas with big bubbles close to the hose fitting and nothing else . I ordered more than one aerator and tried another and had exactly the same experience .
 Do n't work how they described , it comes big bubbles , i tried everything to make work properly but nothing works ! sucks !
 I could never get this thing to work right . I soaked it for an hour before hooking air up to it and could only get about 2 inches of it to work . I soaked it again and no improvement . I even tried poking bigger holes in it , setting it in my tank at different angles , but could never get more than 2 inches of it to work.It is not an air pump problem because now I have a 12 inch and 6 inch stone running perfectly fine off the same pump .
 just received this from Amazon . Price was great but the product does n't work as advertised , at least in the photos . Bubbles only come from the first 3 inches of air stone . My guess is that my pump is too small and if that 's the case , the description should state that you need a pump with enough force to get the full benefit of this product or it should be made to accommodate various pump strengths -LRB- adjustment knob or something -RRB- . I have a 50 sized pump made for a 10gallon tank . A 75 or 100 would probably do the trick and get this to work properly .
 I wanted to believe the other poor reviews were not representative of the product , but I got burnt with a dud . Stay away .
 As many others have commented the bubbles only come out on about 1 inch of the 10 inch item . . Do n't waste you money on this as it is more or less junk . . I have to buy one that works now ... Oh well .
 Mine seems to have the air coming out of a two rows of pinholes long the stone and mostly around the edges , as if there are gaps in the stone-plastic base mount . Do not recommend , unless you want moderate quantities of larger bubbles . Smaller bubbles are better in terms of surface area to speed gas exchange . The gaps on the edges might be just a fluke , but the similarly sized pin hole like air bubbles along the stone seem to be the same size , so I suspect its a design issue , not a one-off bad one . I did n't have this issue with the hydrofarm style ones I got on amazon .
 The air streams mostly out of one end and does n't make it all the way to the other end . Manufacturing defect it looks like . I was disappointed when i opened the package and saw the defect right away .
 I put this 5 1/2 '' wand in my tank a little over a month ago . Now only half of the bar produces bubbles . It was great while it lasted but if I have to replace it every time I clean my 55 gal tank , it will be too expensive . I will have to look for other brands . Most of the Penn Plax Air stone I have bought lately just do n't last long . They are made in China so what I bought maybe counterfeit or they just are n't making good quality anymore . It seems that the pet stores around me only carry this brand and I think one other . Not much to choose from .
 I tried using this device hoping that it would help pilling a cat , but it does n't do much . The real need is to have a piller that also introduces water to help the animal swallow and make sure it gets the full dose all the way into the belly . Put water in this thing and it will leak all over the place.There 's a product coming out soon called the Pill Pro that will finally make pilling a dog or cat much simpler and better for the pet .
 These foot balls do not last long . I was unaware these were not for larger dogs . $ 25.00 down the drain . Next time , please be more informative about product .
 This toy is probably great for smaller dogs . But for medium to big dogs it is not . It got delivered , I took it out of the box , gave it to my dog , and she ripped it apart it 10 minutes . I have a Lab who 's 2 so she 's on the medium size right now and she made short work of this toy .
 Im just going to copy and paste this review on all the fooey sprays because , well , it doesnt matter what size it is , it is the same LOUSY stuff!The bottle itself tells me it is the most bitter stuff ever , the best , contains several bitter tastes , etc. . In all honesty , i tried this stuff myself . Taste HORRIBLE to ME . Like extreme bugspray . I was gagging and had the taste in my mouth for about an hour.HOWEVER , it did NOTHING for my cat . Absolutely nothing.She is OCD about licking her paws . So much that they are losing hair , and in the past have gotten irritated / scabby . Yes I know that cats must lick their paws to clean themselfs , but her paws just needed time without her obsessive licking to heal . -LRB- the vet recommended -RRB- So I gave a few spritz to her paws , which by the way comes out in a jet stream , and she promptly went right back to licking her paws . No pause , no flinch , nothing . I sprayed more on , and still . . no reaction . So I wondered if maybe her OCD was pushing her to lick through the bitter . So I gave a little spray to my fingertip and dabbed it onto her tongue . Still nothing . She licked her mouth twice and thats it.This stuff was a waste of money !! I am angry I got rid of the reciept , I can not return it . -LRB- I purchased from a nearby Petco -RRB- Please look elsewhere . This stuff works great on people , but seems tasteless to my cat!Zero stars :-LRB- :-LRB- !!!
 It 's a nice concept but it does n't work like the picture shows . It does n't stay on at all !
 I purchased this bulb on Oct. 12 , 2012 , but did n't install it until mid December . The bulb has now burned out ! This garbage is only supposed to last for 2 months , and 8 hours a day ??????? I have been using Vita Lite bulbs for my reptiles for well over 20 YEARS , and never had an issue with those bulbs lasting 8 months or more . This pile of GARBAGE is burned out , and I am pissed about it because I have no way of getting any satisfaction for this trash!I will NEVER purchase Zoo Med bulbs again , and neither should you !!
 The light bulb was great ! At least for the first day . The day after we put it in our turtle tank , it burned out . Very disappointing .
 I bought a pro-clear wet/dry back in 2006 , and it has been great until just recently the center divider detached from the outer case ... It did not leak but water was by passing the sponge placed on the bottom of the filter , at that point I noticed the lifetime guarantee sticker on the filter . I gave pro-clear a call and spoke with nick@pro-clear.com and he asked me to send him a picture of the defective filter and I did . many times during the call he asked if anyone pulled apart the unit ? as if I did this on purpose on my running 60 gallon reef tank ... After about 10 minutes on the phone he agreed to send me a new filter , so all was good with the world . Well after about 2 weeks with no call or no new filter I decided to call pro-clear again , this time I spoke with Moza@pro-clear.com ... She asked me to send her pictures so I did , a couple days later I get a call from her saying that I need to send in a receipt as proof that I purchased the filter . I let her know that i do n't have a receipt for this from 2006 , she then said I need to call the online store I bought it from , I said I could n't remember what site it was -LRB- it was n't amazon , I 'm just using some of my free time to post this issue with pro-clear on any site that sells their products -RRB- ... bottom line is they did not stand by their guarantee and that is just disappointing , because until the issue with them I enjoyed there product ...
 This is a ridiculous apparatus . I do not recommend it as it grows about 5 strands of grass that just pull right out . I followed the directions and very little happened . I am not sure what to do with the thing now . It is sitting in a drawer while I try to come up with a creative way to grow some grass in it .
 I liked the idea of this since my cat is primarily indoors but found that the pod was too loose . Whenever my cat would go eat the grass the entire pod would come out and if I was n't home could die before I found it .
 I 've purchased this before from a pet store and it was great.On this particular purchase , the grass never grew ; only the roots . Waste of $ $ .
 The concept that the manufacturer cam up with here is a great one . I mean , cat grass right there with the water , nice simple and space saving right ? The problem is that the grass does not seem to grow very well , the roots plug the intake of the fountain and if the water level gets even slightly low the grass seeds end up being out of the water and will not sprout and grow properly . Again great idea but needs some help in the functionality arena .
 This product is everything it claims to be . In a few days you get healthy , beautiful green grass . The only problem is my cat will not eat the grass.Does anyone know of another kind of grass I can grow in my fountain ?
 Good idea but these problems :1 . Takes several days -LRB- for me approx . 3-5 -RRB- to grow so there will always be a period of time where there is no grass , I was required to continue to go to the local pet store for grass .2 . Produces a very small amount of grass . Two of these cartridges cost about $ 5.29 not including shipping . I can buy local catgrass for the same price with about 92 % more surface area . Meaning that it reduces the amount of grass available to your cat by 92 % .3 . Turns the water filthy very quickly . If you use this product you should also invest in their fountain filter.I really had hoped this would be a great idea , and may in the future , but they still have some problems to work out.I must recommend you try their fountain , my cats love it and drink more water which we all know is healthier . That product is a clear winner.Drinkwell Pet Fountain for Cats
 The good
 I have indoor only cats so I thought this would be a great product . Well , problem is , once the green shoots pop up my cat pulls the whole thing out and I find it on the floor . It turned into a game to see how long it would stay in the bowl before my cat pulled it back out . I tried other seeds but they just rotted . A good idea that just did n't work out for me and my active cats .
 You can use a heavy piece of glassware appropriately shaped to get the same effect as these pieces for your cat grass . These muck up the water in your Drinkwell -LRB- I do LOVE the Drinkwell -RRB- and my cats just tore the grass out of the containers and made a mess .
 Since they just hang on the side of the water fountain , the cats immediately dragged them out , getting water all over everything . Nothing ever had time to germinate .
 I did not read well enough to realize it would not work with my Drinkwell 360 , no place to attach it . I planted the seeds , but they did not sprout .
 but it was a waste of money as my cats had zero interest in the grass .
 I purchased the aqua garden along with the platinum fountain and 2 refills for the garden . I am regretting my purchase of the aqua garden and refills . I have one cat that eats the grass , and it is not the lush little pod of kitty grass that grows , but a sparse few thin blades of inferior grass . It took a few days to start growing -LRB- no big deal -RRB- , but then it really did not grow well after that . My cat does gnaw on it , but either he is eating faster than it grows , or it just is not growing well . I feel that the kind in dirt that you can buy at the pet store is a better fit -LRB- at least for my kitty -RRB- . I am going to try starting it in a different container and then putting it into the fountain , so I will update if there is any improvement with that method .
 My cat likes to eat grass so when I bought the Drinkwell Platinum I figured what the hey . Come to find put , the clips that are required to use the seed pods are NOT INCLUDED . We 'll see how it goes when I get around to finding the proper attachments .
 This grass left little black dots in my cat 's water bowl -LRB- I even ran water over them before putting it in my cat 's bowl . -RRB- I 'm not sure what the dots were , they kind of creeped me out , they looked like little bug eggs or something . D :
 do n't spend the money on this . does n't work like you would think , -LRB- discription -RRB- . not worth the mess it causes . the seeds do grow , however it will be messy .
 this was right for the price but after sometime the roots clogged the fountain and my cats stopped eatting the grass
 I have 3 inside cats , and they all love to eat grass . I had purchased the Drinkwell Fountain , so when I saw the `` pods '' that grew in it , I thought , `` how great would that be ? '' I was SO disappointed ! The pods do not produce a lot ofgrass , it 's very sparse , but the worst part is the roots grow all out into the water causing it to become very slimy , very quickly . So bad , in fact , I did not want my cats drinking the water . If someone knows something about this product that I do n't , I would appreciate knowing about it .
 Although a great idea I was very disappointed with this product . The seed pods started molding before they started sprouting . A few sprouts finally grew , but the water was slimy by then . I had to throw away a new filter and completely clean all parts of the Drinkwell fountain . Now I understand why my cats had started demanding water from other sources . Their fountain was contaminated .
 I bought two of these , one for me and one for my girlfriend . The grass grew very quickly in both , but so did the BLACK MOLD . I had to throw out my new filter and sterilize the entire fountain . The fountain is great , but I wo n't be buying the grass again .
 Lovely , however , there is a sharp metal piece under the snap where one attaches the leash and I had to throw the product away lest it scratch my dog 's neck .
 What a bummer . This item looked great , but it is so badly constructed . Within a few days , I had to use masking tape to make the blue wand stay on . Two days later , the spider or whatever it is came off the end , so I tied it back on with fishing line . Then , the wire clip that holds the spider came apart . The batteries wear out fast . The ball with sound is way to loud - terrified my cat . What as waste of $ 31 plus shipping . Worst thing is I am DESPERATE for a good automatic toy , as my kitten demands a lot of play and I need my hands to do my work .
 I have no idea if my cats would enjoy this . I never received a unit that worked . Gave up after the second one arrived DOA .
 This tots say can fit into kong toy , but they really do n't . They just fall out of the toy not allowing any challenge for the animals . I will not buy again .
 This item is a very small flat container of little treats -LRB- it is about the length of the Kong for med size dogs but it is specifically for a DIFFERENT toy -LRB- a chase toy -RRB- . MAKE SURE YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE GETTING this is very expensive for what you get !!!
 Works well , but a bit small even for my 45 gal reef . When it comes to protein skimmers the bigger the better !! Live and learn shell out the extra bucks and get one rated two to * three times your tank size .
 Hard to stuff in the toys . Better off just giving it directly as a treat . But there are other products out there that would be healthier and more satisfying for your dog .
 Most of the product was broken in little pieces.I will never buy again !!
 This item is good for small dogs , but I have two large dogs and the pieces do n't fit well into the extreme kong toy . They fall out ; thus , it is not very challenging for the animals b/c the treats just fall right out .
 I received this toy and it smells so bad that I am afraid it will kill my bird if I give it to him . I have let it sit out of the box for 2 days hoping the smell will go away but it has n't yet . Will probably be returning the item .
 But what about what IS actually used to dye the rope and what IS used to tan the leather ? I had the same reaction as a previous reviewer about the smell . What is the smelly leather tanned with ? Checked the Penn Plax website and the web and could n't find any info other than about zinc and lead . If I knew what was used on the parts maybe I would feel better about giving it to my bird but I have n't had the nerve to yet .
 I returned this tether . It is heavy , has a large metal connector that us difficult to use . It ` weighed ' my 20 # mini poodle down so he could barely move . Might work nicely for a large dog .
 This is supposed to be a dog tether . `` Out-performed leading pet vehicle tethers in Strength and Quality testing . '' Ha !!!!! My dog bit through it in ONE bite . She 's a border collie . NOT a big dog by any means . This product is worthless !!!!
 Dissapointly , this did not fit on any of the latches in my Honda Element . The latches were all too large for the clip to adhere .
 I really wanted this tether to work great for my 105 pound dog as we travel by car a lot and keeping us both safe is very important to me . He is a Houdini , so keeping him in a car harness specifically designed for that has never worked and a tether that could be attached to his existing harness which he ca n't get out of is ideal . Unfortunately this tether seems to be 3 or 4 inches too short for him as it restricts him from standing or moving comfortably in the back seat . This restriction seems to stress him out after being in the car for a few hours , whereas before the tether he would sleep for nearly the entire ride . It also would n't attach to my 4-runner how it was supposed to so I had to rig it where the seat belt attaches to the car , if I had been able to attach it the way it is described in the directions it would have given my dog even less room to sit comfortably . In his attempts to comfortably lay down during a 4 hour ride he managed to twist the tether around tightly , again making it shorter and also making it very difficult to get off of him . I nearly snapped off the latch trying to disconnect the tether from his harness , which concerns me as to how well this would effectively hold on to a dog his size in a car accident.If you 've got a small dog this may work great for you , but if you have a large lab , shepherd , etc. . I recommend looking for something else .
 I used this for several weeks without any problems . When I returned home recently , I unhooked it from my youngest dog 's harness and went around to the other side of the car to unhook my other dog and then planned to let them both out the same car door . In the maybe 15 seconds it took for me to walk around my car , my youngest dog stepped on the clip part of the harness and her toe and paw pad became trapped in it . I 'm not sure how to describe how she was stuck but the tip of the flexible part of the clip was pushing into one of the pads on her paw from the bottom while the heavier curved metal top part pushed down on top of her toe . It took about 20 minutes for me to free her paw from the clip and it was difficult to free her without causing her pain . I ended up destroying the clip in the process . The clip is potentially dangerous , the rest of the belt is fine .
 I 'm not sure what car this was designed for , but it does n't really work well in any of ours . The LATCH clip wo n't clip to the anchors in an 04 Jeep Wrangler , 99 Civic , or an 01 Saturn SL1 , which means using the included strap for each car . It is also very short , and I do n't have much confidence in the clip that goes to the dog 's harness , at least if an accident were to occur . It does keep the dog in the seat , which is an important part .
 This was great for about 3 weeks.Our dog is ~ 85 lbs . and needs help getting up the stairs.While this product worked , it worked well . But it tore after 3 weeks . Thankfully we noticed before using it .
 Bought this for our 14 yr . old Lab with hip problems . Purchased a Large , because he weighs 82 lbs . Once on , I thought it was too big , and would have returned it except he got hair all over it by the time I got this on him ! I did try hard to make it work , but it is so loose that it wo n't stay put if you let go of the handles . It just slumps down and he trips on it . It seemed to only lift right behind the front legs , and we need help with his back hips , getting up stairs , in/out of car etc. . After looking at the photos above , it looks that way there , too , so maybe it 's not the size , after all . I have found that on old bath towel , folded in half lengthwise , and slipped under his belly , but at his back end , works great.I use it to get him down the stairs , slip it off and we 're good . Cheap , and washable . Wish I had my money back .
 We were unable to use this product with our dog . She had Degenerative Myelopathy , and her hind legs were becoming very unstable . The sling was very difficult to use and was frustrating for us and our dog . She weighed about 55 pounds . I had high hopes that the sling would help her walk without her falling over . When we tried the sling , I found out that I did n't have the strength to hold her up while we walked . After a very short time , my back and side were hurting , and she just sat down and refused to move . Perhaps a much stronger person would have more success with this product , although when my husband tried it , he complained about his back hurting as well .
 I ordered the largest size dog sling and it did not fit my large dog . I was very disappointed . I did not try to return the item because it came in a sealed hard plastic packaging which I had to destroy to open . I had to open the product to try it on my dog . So now I have a useless sling . Although the product arrived in a very timely manner and it was as described just too small -LRB- even though the weights of dog and product matched ! -RRB- .
 THE HARNESS IS DIFFICULT TO GET ON THE DOG AND ANYONE WITH PETS KNOWS THEY DO NOT STAY STILL HAS TOO MANY PLASTIC LATCHES -LRB- 3 -RRB- SHOULD USE VELCRO . STRAP THAT GOES AROUND DOGS SEEMS TO CHOKE THEM AND WHEN YOU LIFT HIM IT PUTS MORE WEIGHT ON THE DOG 'S HIND LEGS .
 I am very grateful to have made the purchase on Amazon.com . Even more grateful that I did not pay full price for this item at Pet Smart . I have a black lab that is 10 years old and has a little trouble going up steps , I have a 3rd floor apt . It did not help out that much but thank you as always for providing your service .
 It was much more comfortable for me and my very sick dog to just carry him up and down stairs instead of using this product -LRB- he weighs 50 pounds -RRB- . The design was not ideal . Material was rough and unsupported and I only would have hurt him using it . Luckily he got better and can walk up and down stairs unassisted now . I threw this product away .
 We ordered this product after our 9 year old lab had knee surgery . We are still using it but find that it is difficult to adjust so that it fits properly . The picture of the golden retrieving wearing it makes it appear that it does n't shift around during lifting ... it does.We are now looking for a life vest that has handles . They seem to snug up to our labrador and zip up his back.I would not recommend the purchase of this product .
 Our German Shepard is 100 lbs . this product claims to assist dogs up to 125 , not so . The rear clips are poor quality and pop open , it lifts the front of the dog , not the rear , and keeps sliding forward . . even with the straps snug . I can see where this would be great for a smaller dog , but for a big dog with hip dysplasia this is not what you want . My dog just cried when I tried using this ! If you need something to lift a big dog , especially the hind legs , find something else .
 Hi , I purchased this product to help us walk our injured dog.He is a big lab.It does not help.It may be ok for a smaller dog.It does n't even help us lift him into the car.The lift slips and he does n't have a secure hold.I would n't recommend this unless your dog is under 50lbs . It might help.ThanksA Dog Lover
 I 'm pretty surprised at how poor this product is , given that the design appears to be well thought out.To make things clear , my dog is a female Malinois , similar to the GSD shown in the picture , but significantly smaller and lighter . She is 60 pounds , at the lower end of the weight range specified for a `` medium '' harness . The harness fits her quite well , except ... There are two fundamental problems :1 . It tends to bunch up at the front of the dog 's chest . When my dog feels this , she pulls backwards , which just makes the problem worse . The only way to avoid this is to tighten all the straps to the point that the dog can barely breathe -- not an acceptable solution . The harness needs some sort of stiffening ribs along the sides to prevent or at least reduce this problem , perhaps like the kind featured in daypacks .2 . It lifts by the ribcage . When you use a towel , you distribute the dog 's weight fairly evenly along the torso . Not so with this harness . Given my dog 's tendency to try to drop down as soon as I lift up -LRB- even very gently -RRB- , it is hard to avoid a `` groaning beanbag '' situation . It needs to be much longer , like a towel , and lift along most or all of the body.On the positive side , it has a number of snaps for the straps , which makes it reasonably easy to put it on the dog and take it off . All of the straps can be adjusted for length . It is well-sewn and sturdy . It stays on the dog , unlike a back-end harness I tried first.My dog does n't seem to mind wearing it at all . But she seems both uncomfortable and unhappy when I try to use it for its intended purpose , even with a feather touch . I 'd really like it to work , and it almost does . But not quite . And no amount of training will work around the design problems . Honestly , I think either a standard harness -LRB- which lifts around the front legs and pectoral muscles rather than the ribcage -RRB- or a plain old towel works better .
 My now almost 17 year old dog , which only weighs 33 pounds depises when I try to use this type of harness . If your dog has an elongated chest/abdomen , I see this as a product that could potentially harm the dog 's chest even perhaps crack a rib in an older dog . As one other person remarked , when lifting -- the device slides forward toward the heavier -LRB- chest -RRB- area ; it bunches at the front . If you make the clips too tight , the dog 's ability to breath is inhibited . If too loose , the harness slides and bunches up under the axillae and neck.I saw one promising device that uses 2 separate straps in front and back . This would seem to work , except , if you 're trying to get it on and off quickly and easily , it 's not an ideal option . I wrote to a woman who at first agreed to custom make a dog coat type device that covered both the chest & the lower groin area -LRB- if male , she made penis opening . -RRB- The coat snapped at the top of the back and essentially covered the entire abdominal and chest area . This would have been a perfect device -LRB- similiar to what one would see with a floatation device , but LONGER . Unfortunteately , even though price would not have been an issue , the woman did not have the time -LRB- or perhaps after I sent her every measurement I could make on my my dog , she thought it would be a lot of work -RRB- . I think what I will end up doing is finding an old heavy weight towel , cut 4 slits in it -LRB- 5 if a male -RRB- and sew Velcro at the top of the opening , across the spine . This is a product that is needed and I do not understand why someone who 's a decent seamstress or tailor could n't mass produce something that has the necessary weight bearing ability and have a quick connect straping at the top ... this one advertised , incidentally has the upper round handles , tucked or tied , in order for the dog NOT to trip while just simply walking when they 're not in use for LIFTING the dog.Anyone who 's found a good alternative , I wish they 'd put the website here.Thanks , Dee . H
 I JUST REC 'D THE CHICKEN ONE TODAY 8/2/12 I ALWAYS ALWAYS CK THE DATES OF EVERYTHING I EAT OR DRINK . . FOR MY FURBABIES TOO . . I CA N'T BELIEVE THE . . ONE . . TIME I DID N'T -LRB- THANK GOODNESS ONLY GAVE ONE TREAT EACH TO EACH DOG -RRB- I COULDN ; T BELIEVE IT THE DATE SAID . . BEST . . USED / / BY 7/13/12 !!!! ALL DATES ON EVERYTHING ALWAYS IS A YEAR TO TWO YRS AWAY . . SO THIS HAD TO BE VERY OLD . . HOW COULD THEY SEND SOMETHING THAT OLD ! GRRRHOWEVER THE CO IMMEDIATELY REFUNDED ME ... BUT . . IM OUT TREATS FOR MY GIRLS HAVE TO WAIT FOR ANOTHER KIND OF TREAT TO ARRIVE NOW !! I WOULD REFRAIN ORDERING FROM THIS CO. .
 These do not work one bit ! I 'm really disappointed that I spent money on two sets and they both are in returnable because of opened packaging and I ca n't use them ... I only got the temperature to change when I put the light an inch from the damn thing .
 I have several setup 's using this set . I purchased one set on amazon and the first thermometer did not work , I was sent a replacement , and it only worked for one day .
 Fluker 's is a respected name , which is why i bought this . Though the hygrometer did n't work , at ALL . And the Temp gauge worked decently . Only gripe was the hygrometer , which is what i needed the most . Oh well .
 I am not sure about these , as I have reordered because they have not eradicated the worm problem in my six cats after the first administration . Cheaper than the vet so far , but I will have to see after the next batch arrives .
 I do n't think these worked very well . It was hard to get my kitty to take them , even though I halved the tablet and hid it in a treat . Finally got her to eat a whole one , and w/in a couple of weeks , I noticed worms again . Took her to the vet who told me the OTC products do n't really work that well . I 'll take her to the vet again next time and not bother w/these or other OTCs .
 Unbelievable , this product arrived as previously opened ! It was scotch taped shut by someone at the company and sent out to a customer . There is no way I am giving that to my pet . Completely unacceptable . I contacted them to ensure I get a full refund and find out how to send this back to them . I will not be ordering from Entirely Pets ever again .
 I gave my cat the recommended dose and she still has tapeworms . I guess I will have to take her to the vet and get a prescription product .
 I had exact same one , mine is orange , and block doestnt dissolve quickly enough , thank goodness because my tank would be an even bigger mess , but it definitely ruins your water , everything will be orange ... save your money , I am doubtful mine even worked , I can see the clusters of food that are attached inside the block and after five days mine had fizzed down to just 90 % , if that ... dont waste your money , do an auto feeder while your away , cheap one can cost $ 10 bucks at walmart
 I read the review from the person who said it turned their tank orange before ordering and thought that they must have had some other problem . I 've used the small white block feeders in the past without problems , and did n't understand how this one could turn anything orange . Now that it has arrived , I see that the picture of a white squid shaped feeding block is misleading . The thing is actually dyed an orange color . I 'm wary to use it because I do n't want it to stain my tank an orange color and face the troublesome cleanup the other reviewer had to .
 The design was straight-forward . I had to cut a big hole in my backdoor and sandwich the penetration with the plastic frame . It actually installed pretty easily.Flash forward 5 years
 I agree with
 I ordered this with some other cat toys and this did n't arrive with my order . It 's too inexpensive to bother with complaining , I just wo n't order any more from this vendor .
 The majority of hamsters do not need to be brushed . Long haired Syrians are one of the exceptions to this rule , but using a soft bristled toothbrush is just as good of an option . It 's also a safer option for small children , as they are much less likely to hurt the hamster with a small toothbrush than a large brush bigger than the creature itself .
 I agree with Gina . Is the description for this product even correct ? Furballs ? Shedding ? What kind of mutant cat-hamsters are these brushes made for?As Gina said , your hamster may find a brush with a small , soft toothbrush to be pleasing , and it 's certainly safer than anything bigger if young people want to give it a go . -LRB- Most hamsters do n't have hair long enough to need this for grooming reasons , but it can make for nice interaction . -RRB-
 Beware , the description of this product does not mention that it ONLY works with a RF-100 transmitter . Unfortunately this is only revealed after you almost cut your fingers by opening the horrible clam-shell packing and see it written on the reciever . When you have a RF-125 transmitter , like I have , this thing does n't work . I will have to see if Amazon is willing to refund an opened package .
 I am so disappointed that this unit just does not hold up . The unit literally fell apart after about a year . and I tried gluing it back and it seemed to work a while then it just died . I have all these proprietary batttery that I bought that are now useless . What a waste of time and money . I am not buying anything that uses proprietary batteries anymore . And definitly not this brand .
 We spent the money to get collars for our golden retrievers that kept wanting to leave our yard and go to the creek for a dip and they do n't work ! Our dogs just go past the point and keep on going . Does n't seem to bother them much . We thought this was a great idea so we could save $ 4000 on a fence , well it looks as tho we may have to spend it after all !
 My dog got shocked once during training , on the lightest setting , and was terrified of us for weeks as a result . For almost a year after that experience she would avoid anything red - the color of the flags we used to do the training . She 's a rescue dog , so there was likely some excess baggage from previous owners , but this experience set our training and progress back months . Do yourself and your dog a favor and never , ever buy these things , especially if your dog is even remotely sensitive or nuerotic . I quickly returned it and that process was a nightmare in itself ... not Amazon 's fault . I 'd give this zero stars if it were an option .
 This product would have been nice if I received the product I ordered . So I ca n't really reciew it .
 Pros : NoneCons : Weak , Breaks , Doesnt work , Poor Grip , Dirties Easily , Detaches Easily , Uncomfortable , Poor FitBest Uses : NoneDescribe Yourself
 I bought this to add to my existing system and when I tested it it went crazy beeping and wouldnt turn off till I was standing ten feet from the transmitter , my poor dog was freaking out and it was n't even on her neck lolsending it back for a replacment then Ill review again ...
 said it would work with invisible fence , but does not . I thought it was compatible but does not even beep . Waste of time and then to late for a refund .
 Caution about the prongs/probes on the wireless replacement collar !! I am pleased with the wireless system , but lost the original collar . I bought a replacement collar and there is no warning on the package that it is not for long haired dogs or that you must purchase a seperate accessory kit for long haired dogs . The manual says to call customer service for a long prong/probe to use with long haired pets . Customer service wanted to charge me for the kit . First , the replacement collar is expensive enough that it should come with both short and long prongs . Second , the packaging should state an additional prong purchase is necessary for long haired dogs or PetSafe should send you the long prongs free of charge . The short prongs on the replacement collar are not effective with long hair . Beware!The customer service rep was rude and basically told me to purchase the accessory kit or shave my dog 's neck !!
 We put this collar on a cocker spaniel and six months later it is broken . The black box is gone because it broke off of the collar .
 I bought the Petsafe wireless fence and an additional collar with high expectations only to be disappointed by the whole experience . The two collars I had -LRB- one came with unit -RRB- did not activate at anywhere near the same locations and actually beeped while sitting on a table not in use.While talking to customer service , I found out the units have to be set just so in order to work with each unit . The only way to get this information is to call them when I do n't see any reason it could not have been spelled out in the manual . One of the customer service reps was very helpful with quidance on what to try and another rep had no idea what was going on so I gave up and returned all the wireless fence hardware . I am now installing an invisible fence with the wire running underground because it works much more precise.Why I had so much trouble I do n't know because I talked to a few coworkers who the unit did work for . They may have just lucked out , only had one collar to adjust , or had less interference than where I am located .
 Twice I have had to replace the collars ... Petsafe replaced them within 4 days , but I lost valuable training time . My dog also got zapped over and over again after she returned to the `` safe area '' until I could get to her and remove the collar . Very upsetting and she is traumatized !
 I have three golden retrievers and after about 35 days they chewed the cheap red collars off of each other then chewed the receivers up . Unfortunately , the free warranty lasts only 30 days . I called PetSafe and as a one-time courtesy they are replacing the receivers and collars for $ 45 each . I was told they make a black collar that may be a bit stronger . We 'll see . In any case , I rate the out-of-the-box product low and potentially a several-hundred dollar loss .
 The unit works just fine , however only two week after having it on our Great Dane , we came home to find the collar was still on our Dane , but the unit was not . Due to heavy snows we did not find it till 3 weeks later ... laying out in the yard . The probes were missing ... must not have been secured in the unit very well . It was a high price to pay for Now we have a nonfunctional unit and a collar .
 I purchased these collars about 5 months ago , at first they were great . But after a while they started to ware . Both collars are now worthless . One does n't work anymore , and the others straps are broken ! Maybe if they can make them more durable I will purchase again . But as of now I wont be wasting 100 $ on something that 's worth 20 $ .
 I had been previously satisfied with using the Petmate Litter Locker and its refills for a few years but had to purchase the refill cartridges on-line because my local pet store no longer carried them . These particular cartridges were defective
 Wish I could give it 0 stars . I got this thing yesterday and it is a piece of junk . The wheel wo n't stay on the arms . Would be a good concept if it was n't made so poorly . Does n't look anything like the picture and the piece on both sides of the wheel that the arms go are too wide there is barely a gap for my little guy to get into the wheel .
 i was informed that this price is for one bag , not 3 . even though it says sampler kit and has 3 bags in the pic.i was given a discount but if you are looking for all 3 bags do not choose this item
 As an allergy sufferer who moved in with two -- now four ! -- cats , I 've been desperate to try just about everything . While the cats themselves had mixed opinions , I found little to no difference in how I reacted to the cats . According to my most recent allergist , products like these do some good , but as all they do is either wash away the dander or trap it against the animal 's skin , just plain water would be equally effective.I did find the smell pleasant , and on fabrics and furniture it makes for a nice odor , but I did n't find that it lessened my symptoms in the least.To be honest , my purchase of this product was rather dumb , and shows my desperation . If you missed it above , I own four cats -- guess what we use to discipline them ? A spray bottle ! What does this product come in ? A spray bottle ! Wait a second . . If you have cats , expect to do the following :1 -RRB- Hide behind door . Spray bottle , very quietly , in palm of hand .2 -RRB- Approach unsuspecting cat , cooing , and attempt to pet them .3 -RRB- Spend next hour on knees , trying to get cat out from beneath furniture.In truth , once I figured out to put the product in my hand , one cat delighted in being scritched all over , one did n't care , one never keeps still for ANY reason and was not about put up with any of this , and the fourth took one look at the bottle when I first brought it out and did n't come out from under the bed until after I 'd gone to sleep that day.In short
 I buy these , box marked 13 oz for $ 3.98 at Wal Mart . Buyer beware and check the price at your local Wal Mart . My dogs love them , but I sure do n't pay that much for them , thus the 1 star .
 I bought a container of these cookies for my mother-in-law . I figured they would be a healthy snack for her to munch on . She ca n't eat foods with salt , sugar , animal fat , artificial flavors , colors , or preservatives . The problem is that the carob chips really do n't taste like chocolate . She put a plate of Carob Woofers next to the other desserts at our last family reunion , but nobody ate them except her dog . In her opinion , there are other brands of treats available with chocolate chips that taste much better .
 I feel bad giving this a bad review , but my dog really was n't into it . I looked at the ingredients and it all sounded like stuff she 'd love , but she did n't . I think this might just be personal preference .
 This product is so dry it can cut a Cat 's mouth , cause bleeding and choking . The product I received from Petco was dry as a Bone . It could be compared to eating a Fish without debonning it first . You would n't feed your Family Fish Bones . My cats are my Family.Maybe te product I received was no the usual quality , but it was dry , dry dry . Both the Salmon and Whiting were equally dry .
 The pellets in this kitty litter are larger than the usual `` sand '' texture our cats are used to . So they refuse to use it .
 our cat adjusted quickly toFeline Pine Scoop Cat Litter , 10.1-Pound Box , and it worked better than all the clay stuff - so we assumed this was the same product . NOT SO ! As other reviewers say , this is basically the same stuff as the fuel for pellet stoves and equine bedding - big fat large pellets that do not clump , scoop , or break down quickly . I ca n't recommend this one at all , especially as others have said - you can get it for 4 or 5 $ at the feed store as equine bedding.I really wish that other product -LRB- Feline Pine Scoop -RRB- was offered in a much larger size and/or as a subscription item , as it 's -LRB- almost -RRB- perfect for our older cat
 I have one cat that I adopted and that cat had to do her business in this stuff for the 11 months she was there . She does n't use it here as I also have the regular clay in the other boxes . Even when the other boxes are full she still goes in the other one.My other cat peed in it and it stunk . Took a while before it soaked up the smell . I think he may have used it one other time . Box has been sitting there now for 6 weeks . They dont use it.They `` say '' clay is bad . Clay is a natural substance . In fact it 's used medicinally -LRB- have you ever taken a clay bath to pull toxins out of your body ? -RRB- .
 I bought this product based on online reviews . I was disappointed that I paid twice as much for this litter than other name brands . I did n't find that it clumped any better -LRB- actually not as good -RRB- . I found that it was a lot messier than others because if you 've ever seen how sawdust spreads you 'll know what I am talking about . I did n't find this cat litter to be better than any of the others I have tried in any way and after reading another review that said it was horse bedding pellets that could be bought at a feed store for $ 7 for a 40 lb bagged I feel like a sucker .
 I am continually amazed at how much pet stores and retailers selling pet supplies charge for basic stuff . Feline Pine is no exception . I switched my multiple cat household to pine pellets , and for the first time EVER , I do n't smell cat urine . However , I do n't buy Feline Pine . Go to your local feed store and buy the 44 pound equine bedding pellets for about $ 6-7 per bag . HUGE savings and the same stuff !
 We have a 9 week old kitten that we recently adopted from the local pound and she 's been eating the pellets , which we think is causing her to have diarrhea . We just discovered that she 's been pooing under the coach as well . Maybe Feline Pine is good for certain cats , but not this one . Also does n't seem to absorb the smell very well ... UPDATE
 My cat did n't like , waste of money for me . And ya was surprised to see it was just horse bedding pellets .
 These pellets are the EXACT same as `` equine -LRB- horse -RRB- bedding '' , and similar to wood pellets for pellet stoves . You can buy a 40 -LRB- yes , forty ! -RRB- pound bag of equine pellet bedding for only $ 6 !!! -LRB- vs $ 10 for 20 pounds of Feline Pine ! -RRB- I purchase at my local farm/tractor store . Wood stove pellets are even less - can get 40 pounds as cheap as $ 4 . I called the manufacture of one wood pellet stove product and they told me it is totally safe for pets ... no chemicals used in production , and made from PINE , etc. . However , some wood pellet stove are made from hardwoods -LRB- not pine -RRB- and this would not be as absorbent so you need to double check on the type of wood stove pellets . I 'd stick with equine bedding ... it is pine and made for animals.I do love this type of litter ! No dust . Absorbs and masks odor better than any other litter . After using this type of litter for a couple years , I am pretty `` skilled '' at being able to scoop out mostly only the sawdust , and leave the intact pellets behind . My cats usually pee in the corners so that is where most of the sawdust is . Also , if you shake the box , sawdust drops to bottom and you can scrape intact pellets to the side and scoop the sawdust underneath out . If you do n't pay attention when you scoop and are not tedious with a `` method '' like me , you will likely also scoop out a lot of the intact pellets too and thus waste a lot of it . We went out of town for 2 weeks , and our cat sitter used DOUBLE the amount of litter we use!For the star rating - I 'd actually give 5 stars for this pine pellet type of litter . But I am giving one star because of the ridiculous price charged by Feline Pine !!
 I decided to try Feline Pine because I was sick of the clay cat litter getting everywhere . But after the first day of using it my whole house smelled like cat poop , even when I scooped it out every time my cats went in it . It was disgusting , I ca n't even believe that I ever tried it . I figured it was to good to be true .
 Unless your cat likes pelleted kitty litter , avoid this at all costs ... My two cats liked it so much , they started using the floor instead
 I LIKE HOW IT SMELLS AND I CAN DEAL WITH THE WAY IT CLUMPS -LRB- OR DOES N'T -RRB- BECAUSE I CHANGE MY CAT LITTER OFTEN NO MATTER WHAT I USE . I HAD TO SWITCH FROM CLAY BECAUSE MY ANEMIC FIV + CAT WAS EATING THE LITTER . I TRIED THE WHEAT BUT COULD N'T GET PAST THE THOUGHT OF ATTRACTING OTHER THINGS THAT LIKE TO EAT WHEAT . MY PROBLEM WITH FELINE PINE IS THAT MY CAT STOPPED USING THE CAT BOX WHICH HE HAS NEVER DONE BEFORE . I THINK HE DOES N'T LIKE TO `` DIG '' IN IT OR IT JUST DOES N'T `` COVER '' THE SAME WHEN HE DOES . I WILL CONTINUE MY SEARCH FOR THE RIGHT LITTER FOR MY FURRY BUDDY .
 Go to your local Tractor Supply Store or Horse feed store and buy `` Pelleted Horse bedding '' TSC has them for about $ 7 for a 40lb bag and its the same exact stuff as feline pine .
 They may dislike the feel of the pellets . Also , they do manage to track the stuff , dirty , around their litter pans . Not something I will inflict on them again .
 i 've been using feline pine clumping for years , and have been very happy with it . unfortunately i was looking for a prime subscription and all amazon offers is this version , which is awful . cats hardly even use it as they prefer the clumping version . maybe that 's just what they 're used to it . but i prefer the clumping too . this is difficult to clean , and when wet , turns into a mush that gets mixed in with rest of litter . so u need to scoop lot extra out with each cleaning . going straight back to clumping version
 This litter smells worse than the most hideous smelling poop my kitten , Willow , has ever produced . Also , the saw dust is used is so light that , while it does n't create the same dust as many clay litters do , it is easily kicked out of the litter pan when Willow is covering her waste . In fact , the first night , she kicked literally half of the pan contents onto the floor . I decided to get a covered litter pan -- that helped , but did not stop the problem . Also , this litter tracks all over the apartment -- it appears in every room , on every surface that Willow has visited . Not long after vacuuming the floors and furniture , we still need to brush off saw dust that has transferred to our clothes from the couch . I 'm so disappointed in this product ! -LRB- I bought Feline Pine at a store , not through Amazon . -RRB-
 Good litter , does n't smell , flush-able , but unfortunately my cat did n't use it for poo and I had to clean up messes around the house . Tried it for 2-3 months for her to get used to it . No luck . Had to cancel subscription .
 first time we 've had a cat littler the cat -LRB- 18 years old -RRB- wouldn ; t use . The littler disintegrates into sawdust as cat urine gets on it . The pieces are too large too sift through a litter scoop spoon . Do n't buy it .
 This litter does work pretty well . It does n't track , controls odor well , and my cats liked it . However , when cleaning you will have to scoop a ton of the litter out to get the cats pooh and the remnants of pellets when they break down to saw dust after being peed on . This makes you go through a ton of this stuff and you have to make sure you clean it every day if not twice . This , plus the fact it is expensive to begin with , makes it extremely expensive .
 this stuff sucks . let me explain it does clump nice and is easy to keep the litter box clean , but this stuff gets everywhere . It sticks to the cats feet then gets all over the floor and any furniture the cats may jump on its just a big mess . If your thinking about trying this do n't , save yourself the mess and stick to scoop-able clay pellets/balls it actually stays in the litter box unlike this feline pine .
 Feline Pine recently changed the formula to make it `` 2x absorbent . '' That also means it disintegrates twice as fast and now I have litter dust everywhere in my house . If you do n't mind it in your bed , in the kitchen , on the furniture , and on your clothes , this litter is for you . It hides the odor better than any other litter - period.FYI , this is the second set of cats I ` ved used Feline Pine with so I 've been a customer for over 15 years . I just vacuumed yesterday and there 's litter dust on my dresser , on the sofa and on the floor . I 've bought my last bag of Feline Pine . What a shame .
 This is a cruel joke for cats owners . 1 . the pellets are too big for poop scoops , so you ca n't get the poop out without `` playing '' in the crap ! 2 . pellets are too big to smother the stink from poop , when your cat goes # 2 , YOU 'LL KNOW ! 3 . older cat would n't use it . I bought this stuff at walmart last night , I come home to a house that smells like it 's been painted with manure ! I tryed to get the ONE pile of poop out and just smeared it all over the end of the scooper . on my way to the store for my ARM AND HAMMER SCOOPABLE right now .
 Worst cat litter ever , I ca n't tell how bad I 'm disappointed with this litter , poor cat pees and the litter turns into dust right away , then he does not wan na pee in the same box again until you change the whole litter , avoid this .
 I was shopping at my local Kroger and saw this on clearance for 2 dollars , I always wanted to try feline pine so I figured I 'd give it a go . I poured the litter and was very pleased with the smell , my apartment smelled like the mountains :D . My cat is 14 weeks old and completely litter trained and has never had an accident ... until we tried this stuff . She would n't even go in the litter box and stood on top of her litter box staring at me like I was crazy . I woke up this morning , walked to the bathroom to find to my surprise a huge turd on top of the toilet seat ... Needless to say we wo n't be using this stuff anymore .
 I do n't like this stuff at all , and most importantly , neither do my cats . I wanted them to get use to a better kind of litter and first tried the Yesterday 's News only to have them avoid it like the plague . Then I thought maybe they would like this if it had a natural fresh scent . Hard to say because even when I put a little in one box with their regular litter , which is clay , only one of my 3 will even venture in only to hop right back out . I have 3 cats and have 4 boxes set up for them which are cleaned at least twice daily ... I know I know , I 'm a clean fanatic with that which they are happy about to be honest . Anyway , this stuff is bright yellow and has an awful smell to it AND it is dusty ! The pieces are so big and I 'm guessing it would be uncomfortable to walk on . Anyway , I ca n't picture this one being a winner and will probably try the cedar chips as one last try . After that , I think I 'm done trying to fix something that is n't broken . I mean after all , they all use the boxes exclusively so I may just leave well enough alone . If they do n't want to be eco friendly , heaven only knows I ca n't make them.UPDATE 12-31-2011
 Picked up a bag of this on recommendation from the lady at our neighborhood pet store.This litter consists of large sawdust pellets that are too big to fall through the scooper , and as soon as they get wet , they disintegrate into damp sawdust that smells rather piny and neutral , but is impossible to scoop because it does n't clump whatsoever . This is the opposite of how I want my litter to act . The dirty stuff falls through the scoop , while the clean stuff gets stuck in it?I do n't think my cats like the damp sawdust either . They ended up peeing on their bed even though this litter was `` clean '' .
 My kitten 's eyes got mucous , so much so that I had to clean her whole face with a warm wash cloth each morning . After calling about the rest of the litter she came from and finding out none of her siblings had eye problems , I realized the one thing different was the new pine litter . After going back to regular litter her eyes cleared up.Too bad , it really cuts the odor down a lot , plus the litter has a nice pine smell . Apparently it is too strong for my kitten .
 I do n't know who 's in charge of watching out for mislabeled products , but I was very annoyed after searching amazon for `` flushable cat litter '' and ordering the first thing on the list , just to find out it 's not flushable . Not only is it not flushable , it 's about the least flushable cat litter I 've ever seen . My cats hate it , and refuse to use it . One of my cat is running around frantically crying because he does n't know whats going on with his litter . Worst litter product I have ever seen . Do not buy .
 Initially , I was so pleased to find this litter . Finally - a lightweight box to carry up the stairs . I 'm recovering from back surgery so thought this litter would solve the carrying problem . I changed out litter yesterday and my two cats used it last night with no problem . I came home from work today and more than half of the contents of the box was on the floor . What a mess ! I know this litter is lightweight , but this is ridiculous . I 'm going back to Arm & Hammer Essentials Natural Clumping Cat Litter -LRB- not found on Amazon -RRB- . I was n't crazy about the fragrance , but it too is lightweight and sure worked better than this Feline Pine .
 I use the feline pine kitty litter , and I thought it was the same . The kind I buy looks like chips . This looked like little pellets that you would feed to a rabbit or something . I do not see how it could be used as litter . I wasted my money . It is non-returnable so I guess it just goes in the trash and I 'm out 16.00 bucks . I thought I was saving money , but actually I wasted money . Not happy .
 I bought this for my 10 year old cat because it was listed on all of the consumer reports as the best and most natural litter you could buy . Yeah . Well apparently a great deal of cats are allergic to the oils in pine . So what happens ? They stop eating , stop drinking water and stop pooping . I am very worried my cat will now suffer lifelong kidney issues due to this . It is n't just me either . Since this happened I have talked to several other people , including my Vet who say this is a common occurrence and that Feline Pine is the worst thing you can do for your cat . If you are anything like me you love your cat and you try to do right by her . SO AVOID THIS PRODUCT .
 Kitty thought it was a fun toy but would not usethe box for its Iintended purpose . Had to put thekitty litter back into her plastic box and she washappy again .
 These smaller litter boxes are just too short . The smaller boxes should have a smaller `` footprint '' but have sides ashigh as the jumbo ones . I used one jumbo and three smaller ones and each smaller one distributes litter everywhere around it . When you use less litter because of this everything sticks . I guess the folks who designed this size have never owned cats who used a litter box . I hope they redesign , I like being able to toss them when done .
 I 've tried every type of litter box liner that 's out there and this one just really made a lot of sense to me . My intent was to hopefully only have to change it every 4 weeks or so , but within 2 weeks it already gets pretty saturated with urine even though the amount of litter in it is pretty high , so you still get that great cat urine smell -LRB- gag ! -RRB- . Even still , it 's the least messy of all that I 've used , and I 'm on the plan where they automatically send it to me every several weeks , so it 's fairly economical doing that .
 I ordered these after measuring them and finding that they were the same measurements as the litter box I use for my cat . When they arrived ... . they were not the same measurements as stated in the description . I will be throwing these away . Ca n't use them .
 The `` jumbo '' size did not match our `` XLarge '' litter box , despite the `` equal '' dimensions . Also , it seemed to augment rather than abate the urine smell , perhaps because we have 3 cats . But after about a week , it was nasty and had to be changed . Have gone back to just a plastic litter box with far less smell .
 I have been buying this product for a while I started buying the 3 pack and they were 3 large litter pans . One day I had an order for the 3 pack and the pans were so tiny afterbuying the 3 pack and having 3 large pans there was no way my cats would fit in the boxes . I called amazon few times no one knew anything , I ordered 1 jumbo and that was the litter pan I had be receiving in the 3 pack . I do n't understand the size difference . also the last 2 boxes were not the quality I had been receiving , after 24 or 36 hours the odor of urine was unbarable . I am so disappointed , the wonderbox really helps since I have become disabled it made my life so easy to change the litter pans . Now I have returned to a regular litter pan and it is hard for me to change the pans . I am sorry that I could give a raving reveiw , I am very disappointed , I thought I got a bad batch which is possible . But with 4 cats I ca n't have a litter pan that is not going to stand up to the qualty . Believe me I miss the Wonderbox.WB
 First of all , this is NOT a `` jumbo '' box . It stands ONLY 7 '' high , so when the cat buries her waste , much of the litter gets scraped OUT of the box and onto the floor . And let me tell you , the smell of urine drenched kitty litter on a hardwood floor is nauseating . My whole house stinks!Second , the box does NOT mask odors ... as I sit here typing this review , I 'm about to suffocate . . because if the cat does n't pee in the litter , but pees on the box , the ODOR is stifling!Total waste of money .
 Did n't work so great for me . Clumping litter seemed to just stay wet and would not really `` clump '' inside this box and it seemed much harder to scoop as it would stick to the bottom & sides . I 've gone back to plastic now and it 's working out better .
 I ordered this because I have 2 cats and wanted to make litter-box changing easier . I did n't like the first ones I got because they smelled worse than just plain litter with the liner . I re-ordered because I read that the product had been improved with baking soda . I noticed no difference . Plus , if I used clumping litter it just stuck to the bottom of the box . I was very disappointed .
 These boxes are okay for winter time use . They really do n't eliminate odor very much . They are too small for my cats and I ca n't afford to purchase six of the super size each month . I find that these boxes hold odors and I clean out all six of them daily . I have to go to the expense of buying both a powdered litter box deodorizer and a spray type one to control the odors . I will try something else I think . During the spring , summer and early autumn months I can empty the regular litter boxes and take them outside to scrub and rinse with the garden hose . I am disappointed that these boxes do n't work as well as claimed .
 We bought this 3-pack of litter boxes for our new kitten -LRB- 11 weeks old when we got him -RRB- . The size of the box is fine for a small cat -LRB- probably too small for a full-grown cat , though -RRB- . However , the sides are pretty low , allowing our kitten to fling litter everywhere.The reason I 'm giving this only 2 stars , though , is that it does not hold up to chewing at all . Our kitten managed to chew off a small flake of the edge of the box one day and from then on , decided that chewing pieces of the box , dropping them into the litter and diving for them -LRB- flinging litter in the process -RRB- is the best game ever . We seriously could n't keep him out of the box , and the more he chewed at the sides , the easier it was to break off large chunks . We had to switch to a plastic box because he was making such a mess.Maybe this would work for calm , older cats , but it 's just about the worst thing for curious kittens .
 Normally this is the only dog food our Boston Mandee will eat , however , when we open the cans the dog food is mushy with water on the top ... very disappointed ... not what we purchase from our pet store ... more expensive but not MUSH at least . . what 's the problem !?
 She liked it at the beginning and then started leaving food in the bowl . I switched to chicken and she liked much better .
 For some reason , my puppy did not like these training pads . My boyfriend had to tape them down so she would n't carry them away ! She eventually just scratched them up off the floor and tore it to shreds . I think they would work if your puppy is already pad trained .
 I purchased these training pads for my puppy based on reading the other reviews posted here on Amazon . My personal experience with them was that they are awful and useless . The first thing my puppy did when I placed one on the ground was go over and lay down on it and take a nap . Once he woke up , he shredded it to bits . I guess smelling like grass was too tempting for him . I then thought maybe it was just a one time thing and it was the novelty of the new item that caused him to act this way so I tried two more times . He shredded every last mat that I put down . Maybe it is different for other breeds but our Shorkie puppy never once used the pad to go to the potty unlike some others that I have tried . Maybe it will work better for someone else -LRB- as is evidenced by the other reviews that I believed -RRB- but my personal experience was just terrible . I just wish I could have my money back for such a disappointing product . Sorry I really tried and wanted it to work out . No such luck .
 these are the worst wee pads ever ! I have a three pound yorkie and every time he pees on these , they soak right through . I literally have puddles on the floor beneath . Definitely do n't waste your money !
 We purchased these training pads for our 6 pound dachshund puppy who we are having a terrible time housebreaking . The first time he peed on them , they soaked right through to the rug . So we tried doubling them and overlapping them , and they still soaked through . We 've had to throw out several rugs in the two months we 've had the puppy and we got these to protect our remaining rugs but they do not work . Our rug stinks of urine in the spots we have the pads . And we have to throw out the pads almost as soon as he goes on them because they do not absorb any urine smell . We would 've been better off using nothing ad just letting our puppy pee on the rugs since we still have to clean under where the pads are.We 're going back to the training pads we got at PetSmart , since they actually absorb the urine and there is virtually no leak-thru .
 This is not good for a new teething , playful , chewing , curious pup!These pads should be used for older dogs only , that have trouble going too much.That said , really not thrilled , that I was n't warned about these , styrefoam , powder filled explosive , for my own , new pup.So I hope I at least , get to help another buyer out there , who is just as confused , & scared to buy just anything for your pup.Cause no one deserves a sick puppy . My lil baby was luckily better , after she threw up what looked like , bunches of white , wet , tissue paper , all night . Thankfully she was safe , crisis adverted , but I would n't recommend these again for any puppy owner . . Buyer be warry.PLEASE ! With care , - BB & CC
 I purchased these pads for my pomeranian . He still has `` accidents '' . I like Natures Miracle products and will try another pad that they sell . I hope it works better . These pads are thin and not very absorbant .
 These do n't hold up to the competition ; do n't bother ; get Four Paws in whatever size works best for you and your kids : -RRB-
 I bought these Nature 's Miracle training pads in a pet store and they were OK , not brilliant , but not bad . Despite the bad reviews , I decided to order some from Amazon as I was running low and the prices was better . For some reason the ones I ordered from Amazon are horrible . I experienced problems similar those expressed by other customers highlighted . The pads no not absorb . For some reason they do not absorb at all and you are left with MAJOR puddles beneath the pads . I honestly think they are defective . I would NOT recommend these pads at all . They are terrible and a complete waste of money . Major disappointment .
 I had to write a review on this terrible product . They cost twice as much as the walmart or supermarket brand and leak . I have a 5 pound pomaranian who uses pads while I am at work because their bladders are so small . Even the smallest amount of wetness goes right through.Shame on Natures Miracles for making an inferior product . Do n't buy , the cheaper brands work so much better .
 I purchased this item for my yorkie and noticed that the urine goes thru the pamper . I have to use two pampers in order to avoid the urine going thru . I have a trick that if you put 1 pamper -LRB- white side -RRB- facing down -LRB- on the floor -RRB- then one on top -LRB- regular position -RRB- ; it 's a guaranteed that nothing will go thru .
 I have tried probably half of the other brands . These are the thinnest and the price is up there.Better and cheaper are the ones you find in 99 cent stores and the Gridlock brand which are bigger , thicker and cheaper per pad.Enough said .
 I purchased this litter at Petco . I am about 1/2 through the bag and HATE it . I tried to contact Nature 's Miracle but there is no contact info on the website , so I will complain here.I have NEVER used a litter that tracked like this one . It is All over the house . The box is in the master bath and I am finding litter in the living room , 2 rugs and a long hall between . I have laminate floors with area rugs.and it is impossible to not notice the tracking because there is so much of it . I have spent many hours vacuuming and am not even going to finish the bag.It does n't smell , the cats are OK with it and the dust is minimal but the tracking problem kills it for me . And , yes , I do have a mat to discourage tracking . I 'd need a whole carpet to stop this stuff .
 I bought Natures Miracle Odor Control Clumping Cat Litter . My two cats refused to get into the litter box.These are two cats that have NEVER had litter-box issues before . I thought I would switch because I heard bad things about the clumping clay litter.While I am concerned about my cat 's health , cleaning cat feces and urine off my hardwood floors was not fun at all . I have had to clean my floor at least 10 times a day since trying to make the switch to this litter.I give up - my cats refuse to get near this stuff.I tried everything imaginable ; using a small about with their regular litter first ; everything.I wasted $ 13.24 as I bought this at Petco on 12/22 and have now had to throw the rest of the bag away .
 Pros : + Very light-weight + No silica -LRB- though pets and people with grain allergies should beware -RRB- + Corn-based -LRB- most likely with GMO corn , since most conventional corn is GMO
 I had read about the silica dust in the clay litters and decided to change as both Pooka and I were coughing . I had been introducing World 's Best Cat Litter , a corn grain based litter , literally a handful at a time , under the addition of clay to the box . The problem I had with it was that my house is very humid and it was absorbing so much moisture that it did not clump well . I decided to try introducing the Nature 's Miracle because it was made of cobs , not grain , and I thought maybe it would perform better . By this time the box was about half unscented clay and half WBCL.When I cut the corner of the NM bag the smell was overpowering to me . I called Pooka and showed her that I was sprinkling a small handful of the Nature 's Miracle over the box . She sniffed it , looked dubious , and left the room . All went well for a few days until it was time to replenish the box and I added layers of a cup of the NM , about 3 cups of WBCL and 3 cups of the clay on the top.Pooka stopped using the box entirely . I finally had to let her go outside . She would hold it for 24 hours rather than use the box . Perhaps I was insane to engage a power struggle with a cat . Meanwhile the open bag at the back of the hall was perfuming the bedrooms and office and she would n't even set foot in the area . She spent all night by the front door , shouting `` OUT !! '' at intervals . She kept her back to me during the day . I got the silent treatment.Finally , after enduring this for ten days , I gave up . I dumped all the litter out . I washed the litterbox . I filled it with clay scooping litter , the brand I had used and she liked , called Premium Choice , all natural , unscented , which comes in a blue bag . They also make an unscented extra strength litter with baking soda , which comes in a green bag . By the way , I noticed that the Premium Choice litter really did seem to have a lot less dust than before . Did not emit a cloud of dust when I poured it in the box.It still was n't over . I called Pooka and politely lifted her into the box and said I was sorry . She sniffed the new clay and as politely exited the box . It took another two weeks for her to go back to using the indoor box . I am contrite . I learned my lesson . I 'll never do it again . I promise .
 Clumps hard enough for scooping , but there is little to no odor coverage . My cat is long-haired and this stuff is ALWAYS caught in his fur and feet . I have to clean him and sweep the floors after every use -- it 's very lightweight and flaky , I assume this is why it 's always in his fur .
 How did I think I 'd get away with a bag of litter that big , at that price , and be able to carry it myself?Oh boy I am paying for that mistake . Clumping and odor control ? Really , I think those claims are a stretch . At the very least I thought because it is more like flakes that it would n't get caught up in her paws , aka not track as much ... wrong wrong wrong . Smells bad , does n't clump , and tracks all over the place . FAIL .
 I was looking for a litter to replace the heavily perfumed clay litters I had been using . My house is not very large and even when the litter box was in the back room I could walk in the front door and smell nothing but perfumed litter . I chose Natures Miracle based on a rating from my local Petco as one of the better litters . Very wrong !!! The smell right out of the bag is just like cypress mulch . That is not a bad smell , but I do n't want my house smelling like my flowerbeds . One of my cats refused to use the litter at all . After the cats use the box the odor changes to urine soaked cypress mulch . It is just awful . There is no odor control at all . I scoop 2 litter boxes twice a day for 3 cats and the smell was so bad from the litter box I had to hold a cloth over my mouth and nose . Needless to say I still have most of the bag left . I changed to Ever Clean and have so far been very pleased . The only good thing I can say about this litter is that it is lightweight .
 This started smelling like pee within a week , I used a whole 18 lb bag for the litter box for my two cats . The pee will clump but it falls apart easily . Sometimes you can smell pee in my apartment and especially whenever my cats use the bathroom it really smells like pee and so will they for a little while . Before I tried the Wheat litter , I think it is called Swheat Scoop or something and that one is better but it still did n't work good enough for me.I wo n't be buying this again .
 I was pretty excited at the price and the fact that my dogs love them ... until I found out they 're made in China . A lot of my friends have had some serious problems with jerky treats from China and their dogs getting seriously ill . I have two beagles and they love the stuff . I did n't realize until I dug a little deeper and researched all the risks that these treats pose ! We were already halfway through the bag . Fortunately I was lucky enough to not have either dog get sick or injured.You 're not going to beat that price , but my dog 's health is worth the extra money . I sought out alternative options and wound up with some american-made chicken jerky treats-American Chicken Jerky - 3 oz for Dogs ! - Buy One Get One FREE ! . I feel much safer knowing they 're not eating anything that 's going to hurt them and they love the stuff just the same . I look at it as I 'm paying for piece of mind and the health of my lovely furry friends .
 we have been giving our dogs Happy Hips Chicken treats for a few years with no problems , however my dog recently started getting tremendously sick out of the blue . She started drinking tons of water , having accidents all over the house and stopped eating her food . My Vet has done a X-Ray , ultrasound , blood work etc. . . they have no idea what is going on . My poor German Shepherd is on the brink of dying and everything seems to point to these chicken treats . All of her food is top quality made in USA food , I always trusted what Dogswell said about testing their treats extensively , now I am not so sure . I just read an aritcle on Fanconi Syndrome caused by treats from China , I plan on calling my vet first thing in the morning , wish us luck . : -LRB-
 From just two days of giving these treats to my dog she started having bloody diarrhea , less appetite and that 's when I googled information about chicken jerky and was horrified about what I found . I ca n't believe I bought this at a Wholefoods store . I did not realize they were made in China , but now I see the correlation with other products that have been recalled . DONT BUY THESE PRODUCTS ! I just trashed the bag I bought , which was n't cheap by the way , but after seeing what it did to my dog I am not buying this again from any store .
 Chicken jerky treats made from Chinese ingredients are currently being linked to Fanconi Syndrome in dogs . Pets are getting sick and dying.FDA Continues to Caution Dog Owners About Chicken Jerky Products :[ ... -RSB- Signs of Fanconi syndrome can include decreased appetite , decreased activity , vomiting , and increased water consumption and/or increased urination . Dogs that have this condition will usually be very thirsty and will urinate excessive amounts.If your dog has any of these symptoms and you are feeding jerky treats , stop feeding IMMEDIATELY and take to a vet ! This is a life threatening emergency!And PLEASE file a report with the FDA ! -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- DO NOT FEED ANY TREATS OR FOOD MADE WITH INGREDIENTS FROM CHINA !
 We have been using this for over 3 years , and the last 3-4 orders , are not what the product used to be . The bag now contains more `` pieces '' that `` strips '' . They are broken , or have been processed in very small pieces ... with very few full strips in the bag .
 I have been feeding my dog Dogswell pet food for years without any problem , she loves the food , and has been very healthy . I decided to try the dogswell brand jerky , and she began having very loose stools and eventually blood . I researched online and discovered unlike the pet food , the jerky treats are manufactured in China , a country the United States does n't allow the importing of chicken for human consumption.Please do NOT feed your dog these , there are many reports of these treats causing the same symptoms in other dogs and in multiple cases resulting in death .
 by the time i paid extra carrige , customs , vat , p.o. handling fee etc.the 2lb of dog treats cost over 50not happy !
 Yes , dogs love these treats but educate yourself before you buy any dog treats made in china . This company is aware of the stigma behind products made in china but they 're not going to bring their manufacturing to the US until consumers care enough about their dogs to stop buying this product.Per ABC News ; Just six months after issuing its latest warning about chicken jerky dog treats made in China , the Food and Drug Administration confirms it has logged more than 900 complaints from pet owners who say their dogs either were sickened or died after eating the treats.The number of complaints has nearly doubled since the story was first reported by ABC News in March . The FDA says its investigation is ongoing and that it continues to test samples of the popular treats , which dog owners across the country say have caused kidney failure in their pets , resulting in severe illness or death . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Check out this product their is a FDA warning many dogs have gotten deathly sick from eating these treats Made in China . My dog almost died and is still trying to recover from being poisoned by these . They would be recalled by now but the FDA told me that they do n't know what the ingredient is that is sickening dogs so they ca n't recall ? This has been going on since 2007 . The owner of Dogwell could care less as I have also spoke with him bottom line for him $ $ $ , not your pet . Do a little research google jerky treats from China you do n't want your pet to go though what mine has . Bloody stools , vomiting , shaking , back legs became paralyzed he could not walk or stand .
 The change in the quality of the treats and the fact they are being made in China now , has prompted me to quit feeding these to my dog . The strips have gotten darker , drier , and no longer smell good . My dog still loves them , but chokes on them every time he eats one . I am not happy about the change , as the Happy Hips were so good for his joints ! I am on the search for a new treat for my Jake .
 Ok was looking for jerky treats made in the USA and why I wound up here is not because I bought these treats or ever would ... . I was directed here even though I put in made in the USA . I read some of other reviews and one person feeds Orijen , as was stated the best , and IT IS HANDS DOWN , THE BEST OUT THERE , but then it is stated she feeds these chicken strips ! What a contrast !! These strips are Made in CHINA . People do not buy this ... you do not know where this protein source comes from or what they inject into their fowl or feed them . There has been horror stories connected to made in CHINA foods for dogs . Buy USA only . I work at a holistic homeopathic pet store and I see people come to us to help their pets after they get stick from bad foods , It is a slow process -LRB- poisoning slowly -RRB- they may not get sick initially , but given to them over time ... as another review stated that she had fed her dog these treats for quit awhile and now she is dealing with a very sick pet with bloody stool , as she states , everything pointing to these treats . You get what you pay for people . As another person stated , she gets 3 pounds at Cosco 's at a real cheap price ... think she said 14.99 . You could not PAY ME to feed these to my dog , I do not care how cheap . Buy USA and play safe for you and your pets .
 I used to feed these to my dogs with caution knowing that they come from China . The pet food store I bought them from got all the reports from the company about how good they are in quality . But even now the local * good * pet food stores are not carrying them . They do n't want the liability of these items potentially harming and killing pets . It 's not hard to do your own chicken jerky , or buy USA products . Do n't just reduce the amount of these you are giving , just stop giving them . Let 's buy from reputable sources . Remember the pet food from China a couple of years ago that was killing pets due to a contaminant ?
 My dog loved these ... until he became ill . These are made in china , says so right on the bag . Now I find out the FDA has issued a warning for these and other chicken treats made in China . My dog was diagnosed with a liver problem . Fortunately it was caught in time and did n't cause permanent damage , but the Vet bill was over $ 700.00 .
 I had to give it one star to register my review ... If I could I would have the entire company shut down !!!!! My dog ate a whole bag of these when the plumber left the contents under the sink all over the floor and I did not see Pele get the bag . Shortly after she went into acute renal failure and almost died . After a little research and learning these are made in China , I read over and over again about how sick people 's dogs were getting when just feeding ONE treat of Happy Hips ! Through different tests done at the vet and ruling out what put her in the kidney failure , I have come to the conclusion that this is the product that almost killed my dog . Yes she did eat the whole bag , but they are supposed to be JUST CHICKEN !!!!! Please do not feed your dog Chicken Strips made in China , EVER ! Read the horror stories online if you do n't believe me !! Better yet , do not buy any food products made in China , you may want to do some research if you are , the stories out there are horrifying !!!
 I threw away my bag of chicken jerky after hearing about the FDA warning on chicken jerky products made in China . Looking on the back of the bag , it says this product is made in China so I will not be buying it again . It 's not worth the future health of my pet , despite how much they may love their jerky treats . I 'm on the lookout now for a USA made alternative . Put your pets first , not you wallet . It may cost more to buy USA made , but it is worth it in the long run if your dogs avoid dying an early death that could have been avoided .
 Tried 2 of these . . one for each of my parrotlets . . when I put these in the cage I also put in regular cuttlebones -LRB- the cheap ones from walmart -RRB- at the same time . Neither of my parrotlets even touched the grape . One went for the regular kind and I have n't noticed the other go for either yet.Conclusion
 I used it two times . It has a very strong odor of alcohol . My parrot seemed to have a problem breathing for a moment after application .
 Purchased for my Goffins Cockatooo and discontinued after the first use . First ingredient is Isopropyl Alcohol and it smells like that is all that is in this product . My bird winced in pain when I sprayed on his plucked area and then immediately started pulling feathers right in front of me . He usually only plucks at night or while we are gone , so I could tell it was from the spray . Would not recommend . I would recommended Pluck No More which worked like a dream for him and is made of natural ingredients .
 Did n't find the ingredients posted in the Amazon ad . It does contain white petroleum , which is n't so good for a cat on a long term daily basis .
 I ordered two M/L dog collars and got extra smalls ... even if I hook them together they wont fit around one of my dogs neck.I have left SEVERAL messages with the seller and they were all ignored.Don ' t buy from this seller unless you are willing to return the items through Amazon .
 My cat is ... shall we say a bit high strung ? I had never had a cat before when I adopted her and bought this carrier to bring her home from the pound , intending to use it for future vet vists/general trips . My cat was less than 2 pounds the first time she was in the carrier but she freaked out . She was banging on the sides and trying to get out . One of the bolts that holds the top part to the bottom fell out ! I did n't think much of it and just put a plastic tie into the hole and figured it would be ok . Fast forward to almost a year later and her first vet trip . Now she 's almost 7 pounds and still wild when you try to contain her . By the time we got to the vet two more bolts had broken and fallen out ! Also the cat managed to get on of the two posts that act as locks on the door released . If we had a longer drive she probably would have managed to get out completely ! I do NOT recommend this carrier if you pet is uppity . We gave this carrier to the thrift store and purchased a different one . If your pet sits quietly in the carrier then this would be fine . If your pet is heavier or likes to jump around this is NOT a good carrier !
 I bought three of these carriers in a hurry and did not take the time to read other peoples reviews . Boy , what a mistake . I will be returning them . The carriers are very flimsy , the handle , door , and side locks are all on one plastic snap off sheet , the door would NOT hold a cat that did not like being caged for any length of time . I will be purchasing more sturdy carriers for my cats .
 The door popped off when I set the carrier down . I checked and I had all the pins in correctly .
 I am very disappointed in Flea & Tick Pyrethrin Dip . This product just does not work the way the package describes . If you dip your dog as often as the label says - he/she will start to lose hair . Fleas will start to die but return as soon as the next day . This Flea & Tick Pyrethrin Dip is not for my furry four legged children . Beware buyer .
 My dog hates fireworks and my neighbors love them ; all day/night for 2 weeks around the July 4th holiday . I was hopeful that this product would help , but it did not . I had no problem getting her to take the pills , but even at twice the dosage , they seemed to have little to no effect .
 I bought these for my border collie for the 4th of July , these calming pills do n't work . Do n't waste your money , Did n't help at all.would have worked better putting earmuffs on the dog .
 We have super hyper lab , and the pills did nothing to him but making him thirsty . I 'm sure it works well for other dogs , but we were not lucky .
 The bottle says to give her 1/2 pill and she chewed and swallowed the pill with no problem so evidently she likes the flavor . I administered the pill at 8:30 pm by 10:25 pm she was still anxiously running , pacing , and barking as if I had not given her anything at all . I had to force her to sit and when she did , she was still very alert with eyes wide open , watching my every move with ears standing erect . I will be returning this product tomorrow . The purpose for this calming aid is because we will be traveling for christmas and she always becomes anxious and very nervous so I wanted to keep her calm in the car and at the hotel but this will not do the trick .
 Did not quiet my dog and she did not care for its flavor , so had to disguise it in many ways .
 I have an INSANE German Shepherd that paces , ` air snaps ' , whines and howls non-stop . Its beyond irratating . We will be flying him on a 14hr flight and I bought these pills to keep him from ripping his kennel to shreds and roaming the cargo bay of the plane . He ALWAYS tears out of his kennel and hurts himself severly ... even with zip ties . Needless to say , at 2 pills nothing ... still paces & bites the kids when they move . 3 pills he lays down occasionally when NOTHING in the house moves ... but as soon as the kids move an inch he is up scratching , grunting and being annoying . I 'm worried to increase the dose more . He is only 65lbs . But I 'm thinking for the flight we will give him 5 pills . * shakes head *
 We have a very noise phobic dog and a `` normal '' dog that only gets worried for very severe thunder and close fireworks . the phobic dog is scared of the trash truck , barely audible fireworks in the distance , highway noise , you name it he 's worried about it at some point . I did n't expect this to make him brave , but it does n't even noticeably take off the edge in any concentration . it does n't help the normal dog either , but the things she 's scared of are so big and so loud that I imagine a full tranquilizer would be the only thing that helped . I 'm not sure it 's reasonable to expect a difference with fireworks the next house over , but we hoped it would ease mr scardey pants off his worry about the trash truck .
 it doesnt put out much warmth guess i expected somthing closer to heat pad it more like a spot that doesnt drain your warmth
 Base is made of metal and over time -LRB- lots of dog drool and such -RRB- it will rust .
 I bought this controller to reduce the heat output on K&H ; Lectro Kennel heated pads . I have both a large and a medium pad . This controller did not significantly lower the heat output on either pad.Testing to see if it was working , I found it did work well in reducing the rotational speed of electric fans , so I would recommend it for that .
 I ca n't see that the thermostat made any difference in the temperature of my dog 's heated bed warmer ; unless the sun hits it , it just stays the same , no matter what .
 I went all out and bought this pre-treatment as well as the anti icky-poo . A lot of money , but it was a last resort for our carpet versus our beloved cat.I also own a professional steam cleaner like the ones you rent , and followed the instructions to a `` tee '' . It had no effect . The smell was still there ; though not as bad , but our cat could still smell the spots without a problem.Just a waste of money in my opinion .
 I am not having any luck with these brewers yeast and garlic tabs that are supposed to deter fleas . I even doubled the dose and still no luck . I wont be buying these again
 Because we do n't want our two cats to go through sedated tooth-cleaning again , we bought these snacks in hopes they would be appealing -LRB- and effective -RRB- . Unfortunately , neither cat is more than marginally interested in these treats . They both politely sniffed these meaty-looking sticks , but neither one was willing to do any kind of chewing or biting , in spite of our encouragement . We are disappointed !
 I have four cats and only one of them liked this product . Unfortunately , she is not chewing the product , only batting it around . I would not purchase this product again and I would not tell a friend to buy it unless their cat is known to chew on things .
 I had bought the other Snoopdog stuffed toys , this came apart 10 minutes after I gave it to my dog . Where the speakers are on the toy , it came apart around the seam .
 I have two 5 pound teacup poodles that are less aggressive than white bread , lol . It takes them several days to get through one rawhide bone , and they had this thing torn apart in LITERALLY 30 seconds . they had the stuffing pulled out of the `` headphones '' and the string that is supposed to be the cord unraveled almost completely . They 're really cute , and we 're saving them for pictures , but they 'll never get to play with it . six bucks down the drain .
 Now when snoop dogg makes a dog toy I figure it has been tested on his pit bulls . No way . My boston Terrier tore this thing up in a few minutes creating a huge pile of white stuffing . Too pricey for that level of durability .
 The product name included the phrase `` with sisal '' . The stated product dimensions were 18x18x16 inches -LRB- or 15x15x17 , depending on which part of the product page you read -RRB- . The picture clearly shows a hole at the top of the product . What I was expecting was something similar to the condo part of a Molly and Friends model 36 cat tree -LRB- which I 'd be satisfied with , even if it did n't have sisal on it -RRB- . What I received does n't have sisal , has dimensions of around 14x14x11 .5 inches , and does n't have a hole on the top -LRB- which is important , if you have a multi-cat household and do n't want a cat to be trapped by one of the others -RRB- . The top part of the inside does n't even have carpet on it .
 I purchased the small size as I had read the petite size could be a choking hazard . The small size is too big and hard for my 11 and 14 lb poodles - they could n't even chew them ! I worried the petite size was too small and could get caught in their throat . I 'm going back to the C.E.T. Enzymatic Oral Hygiene Chews for Petite Dogs - they are perfect size and consistency .
 Since purchasing these `` bird protectors '' , I have found some literature that says that they are toxic . Birds are fragile and have tiny lungs - I ca n't justify taking any chances with these . If my bird had mites , maybe .
 Im just going to copy and paste this review on all the fooey sprays because , well , it doesnt matter what size it is , it is the same LOUSY stuff!The bottle itself tells me it is the most bitter stuff ever , the best , contains several bitter tastes , etc. . In all honesty , i tried this stuff myself . Taste HORRIBLE to ME . Like extreme bugspray . I was gagging and had the taste in my mouth for about an hour.HOWEVER , it did NOTHING for my cat . Absolutely nothing.She is OCD about licking her paws . So much that they are losing hair , and in the past have gotten irritated / scabby . Yes I know that cats must lick their paws to clean themselfs , but her paws just needed time without her obsessive licking to heal . -LRB- the vet recommended -RRB- So I gave a few spritz to her paws , which by the way comes out in a jet stream , and she promptly went right back to licking her paws . No pause , no flinch , nothing . I sprayed more on , and still . . no reaction . So I wondered if maybe her OCD was pushing her to lick through the bitter . So I gave a little spray to my fingertip and dabbed it onto her tongue . Still nothing . She licked her mouth twice and thats it.This stuff was a waste of money !! I am angry I got rid of the reciept , I can not return it . -LRB- I purchased from a nearby Petco -RRB- Please look elsewhere . This stuff works great on people , but seems tasteless to my cat!Zero stars :-LRB- :-LRB- !!!
 My Dog , Paddy , does n't seem to like the flavor ; she is indifferent relative to chewing them . Now I have expensive oral care chews that wo n't be used .
 This filter worked well when it worked . You need a separate power head to run the Lifeguard . I had great difficulty getting the Lifeguard going again everytime I cleaned the power head and hooked it back up . I ended up getting rid of it - too much hassle . They need to provide a dedicated , matched powerhead and connections - the list in the instruction manual of compatible units is not accurate !
 This would offer an immense amount of biological filtration for the dollar except for two stupid design flaws . First , anytime the power goes off and the filter loses flow , the sand fills up the input tube . This requires removing the sand through the hole in the top and replacing it the same way , which is an extraordinarily tedious task . Second , the seal on the bottom is very poor quality . I 've had two develop leaks , one right out of the box . Lifeguard probably saved a dime in manufacturing costs and the result was a very bad product . Dumb , dumb , dumb .
 In the last two weeks I 've had 2 of these leak from the seam on the bottom of the filter . It does a GREAT job of biological filtration but with any significant pressure load it leaks . I was running it on the return side of an Ocean Clear canister powered by an 800gph little giant pump . It cant take that basic pressure so sadly I cant use it . It might be better suited to running off a lower flow powerhead but since my tank is drilled in the bottom I have no use for this since I do n't want to run something up top that would obstruct the view of the tank . Too bad it 's not more sturdy it would have made a great addition to my filtration .
 if it works , it works good but after some time it start leaking . This happened me twice at the bottom of both filter . Bad quality . cheap glue used I think
 My cats have a lot of hariballs , as many a few a week . I was hopeful that these would work some magic on the problem yet neither of cats would give these a try . The cats looked at treats , seeminlgly uninterested , gave a little sniff , and walked away . They rejected the snacks . I tried sneaking it into their food but stil no luck . It 's almost as though my cats know it 's medicine , and therefore they avoid it.I 've been able to get them to eat another brand of hairball treats called temptations , but I 'm not sure if it 's been effective at reducing their hairballs.Guess it was too good to be true that a kitty treat could work any magic on their hairballs .
 Unfortunately despite the positive reviews , my cat turned his nose to this product . These treats have a extremely strong soy sauce like scent to them.He would n't even go near it when I would leave it on the steps where he normally eats his snacks.Oh well . I guess it 's always trial and error .
 Just bought these because I know my cat swallows and passes hair . She ate one thinking it was a normal treat , but that was the last one . She avoids them like fresh vegetables ...
 I really do n't know what the product is suppose to be like or if it works . When we opened the package they did n't smell very appealing and our cat had zero interest in them . The picture on the package indicates the centers should be soft and rather liquid . When we cut one in half the ones we received seemed dried out and somewhat hollow in the middle . It may be the package was old or defective . We did not try to return them but just disposed of them .
 I like the looks of this door but it is not as sturdy as the other one I have . This one is plastic and when the dogs run through it alot they end up pulling the flap out and I have to take it apart to put it back . My other door is metal so I think it holds better .
 VERY DISAPPOINTED . COLOR COMING OFF AFTER BEING IN THE AQUARIUM LESS THAN A MONTH . BYER BEWARE !!!!!!
 Allied Plastic Heated Pet Bowl , 5-QuartALLIED PRECISION INDUSTRIES - PLASTIC HEATED PET BOWL - 5 Quart - MODEL #UL 93-1I bought 2 of these , Winter 2010-2011 and Winter 2009-2010 . Both of them quit heating within weeks . Do n't bother to buy one of these.I have used the API 250D 200-Watt Pail and Birdbath De-icer with Guard and 6-Foot Cord for 2 years with no problems.API 250D 200-Watt Pail and Birdbath De-icer with Guard and 6-Foot CordThey are both made the same company , Allied Precision Industries , so I ca n't denounce the whole company.From their catalog : `` WarrantyAll of our products are fully warranted againstdefects in workmanship for a period of One Yearfrom the date of purchase , unless otherwisenoted . `` In the catalog there is no specific Warranty mentioned for either the Heated Pet Bowl or the Pail and Birdbath De-icer , so I assume that means that they have a 1 year warranty.The instruction sheet for the Pail and Birdbath De-icer , which I downloaded from their website , said to return the product to the factory if you thought it was broken and under warranty.The instruction sheet for another product , Birdbath De-icer Model 300 , which was a more recently printed instruction sheet , said to send it to the factory or the place of purchase.ALLIED PRECISION INDUSTRIES , INC. 705 East North Street * Elburn , Illinois 60119Toll-free
 I was concerned about getting a plastic bowl although I use the thick indestructible farm animal type bowls for my lab as her regular bowl for water and feeding . This product arrived with a 4 inch split right down the middle of the bowl and when looking at the plastic the thickness is thin and quality substandard . I returned product for my refund and will order a metal one instead
 The bowl worked okay for the first two months , then went out . It 's now beyond the window to return . Do n't buy !
 Our Lab puppy loved this ball but chewed up the outer ball the first day .
 I have two budgerigars whose nails and wings I keep very trim . I bought this product so that when I moved up to Seattle they 'd have a little extra protection to keep them warm during the winter -LRB- I keep my thermostat at 70 , do n't worry ... I just like to be cautious -RRB- . My hen , PIA , kept getting her toes caught in the fabric lining of the bag , so I kept them trim and kept checking in on her to be sure the bag was n't an issue , and for a few weeks it was n't . Then one morning I heard them squawking like mad , pulled the cover off of the cage , and saw PIA bleeding from the foot . Luckily I had some quick-stop nearby , so the bleeding stopped quickly and I removed the bag . If I had n't of been there , though , she might have been in a really bad state.I 've also heard reports of birds chewing up the lining and chocking on the fabric , or the intestines going into a `` accordion '' like scrunch -LRB- the fabric will get caught at some point in the intestines but they 'll continue the action of moving it down to the large intestine , causing the intestine to scrunch up on itself and , if not treated , kill the bird . This also applies for ... well , any animal -RRB- , birds getting caught in the metal part suspending the bag from the ceiling and dying ... Some of these are freak-accident like things -LRB- catting caught in the suspension -RRB- , others are a big risk -LRB- toes getting caught -RRB- . For me , it 's just not worth it .
 I had bought one of these from a local pet store thinking it would be a great place for my lovies to roost at night . They really did like it but one day my female got caught and trapped inside it . The inside `` bedding '' had wrapped around her foot and caused severe bleeding which resulted in a trip to the vet . I was at work when it happened but luckily my husband was home and was able to free her and get her medical attention . I would NOT buy this product it has a very high risk of hurting or even killing your bird .
 I had used this product in the past without obvious results . If anything the flea issue became worse 2months into use of the product . I can only conclude that there is something in it that is contributing to the decline of our pets ' natural ability to keep fles at bay . I suspect the cottonseed oil may be the culprit.Manufacturers like cottonseed oil because it 's cheap . Cottonseed oil is not a great fat to consume or offer to your pets because it is high in saturated fat and low in the more beneficial fats . The hydrogenated version -LRB- what 's in this product -RRB- is even worse . Cottonseed oil may contain natural toxins and due to the nature of the way cotton is farmed , the seeds often contain high levels of pesticide . Cotton is not classified as a food crop , so the pesticides used to protect the plants are often those that are too toxic to be approved for food crops . Small amounts are n't going to kill you or your pets but regular consumption of products with cottonseed oil is , in our opinion , unwise.You get what you pay for - contains potentially harmful cottonseed oil
 Nice quality item . Bought for my parakeet but she will not sleep in it , she just chews on it.Update another bird owner commented on my post that these could be dangerous for a bird who chews on it . Possibility of them getting caught in between the layers . Removed from cage . Could happen .
 I have 3 -LRB- successful -RRB- birdfeeders and go through lots of seed . This nice looking metal , sturdy , ` squirrelproof ' feeder caught my eye . -LRB- I paid more than here on Amazon , too -RRB- I 've had it for 6 months , through an entire spring/summer/fall cycle , rotated sites , rotated seeds . I firmly believe it 's a design flaw . The little perchs are too small for larger birds to sit comfortably and eat the seed . The space between the bottom seed tray and the metal openings are too deep . The birds need to reach down nearly 1 inch to get the seeds - too deep for the little birds . I 've even found the spring-loaded cage locked closed after a squirrel had tried to get to it - the cage never sprang back up to allow access to the seed.PLEASE save your sanity and purchase a different feeder !! Molly in Minnesota
 The bird feeder arrived with numerous cracks in the plastic where the hanging mechanism is attached . Also , the spring that closes the feeder is much too rigid allowing , at its lowest setting , for even a heavy crow to land without closing . Obviously , I am not very happy with the purchase though it appeared to be a good idea . It needs much better quality control !
 Squirrel-Proof - Not at all ! I returned this item .
 I was very disappointed in the produst and the lack of information for setting it up The squirrel proof apparatus I had to try and figure out myself since there were no directions . Now I see the birds can not get at the seed to eat it . There is the same amount of seed as when I filled it 4 weeks ago . As a new customer I am really disappointed . If I buy from Amazon again I hope I will get more satisfaction from the product.The bird feeder looks nice but is not functional . I am contemplating breaking it open to try to modify it so the birds can get to the seed .
 The squirrels broke this feeder in less than a week . They sprung the mechanism . When the squirrels light on the feeder , the birdseed falls out the bottom . This is not worth the money .
 I bought 2 squirrel proof feeders and this one may keep the squirrels out but it does nothing to attract birds . The feed holes at the bottom of the feeder seem to be too hard to get food from therefore the birds congregate on my other feeder which works great ! I would not recommend this feeder .
 I 'd rate it higher but it does n't stop the Squirrels . Does a good job of feeding both the birds and them .
 The squirrels have no problem with this feeder . They just perch off to one side of the feeder which keeps the door from closing . It is kind of fun watching those bushy tailed rats scoop fist-full after fist-full of seeds out of the dispenser and onto the ground . The crows just hang out on the ground and wait for the squirrels to do all the work . Everyone seems to love this feeder other than the song birds I was hoping to cater to . I may try to re-engineer this thing , or I may just throw it away .
 Our squirrels are much too smart for this feeder.It is being returned today .
 it is easy to be broken.very weakI did not know that this clipper is for animal .
 I bought these pills for making my own cat food ; however , they contain hydrolyzed soy protein , which is not something I want to feed my cats . It is probably made from GMO soy as well . I was sorry that I did n't check it out more thoroughly .
 I have a Maine Coon type cat , extremely good natured . He 's been given a lion cut by groomers 3 times . I bought these clippers hoping they would perform well enought for the job to be done in 20 minutes , which is about how long it took the last groomer , for whom I held the cat . But these clippers were not as fast or strong . Took an hour to do 2/3s of the cat
 So I bought this item from a local homedepot store and let me tell you , it was the worst cheap purchase ever . When filling it I 've noticed it had a small hole from the top which it started leaking . Once I turned it and hung it on my balcony , it only took 10 seconds to make a huge mess everywhere . I will be return this and buying a proper hummingbird feeder of amazon .
 If you try to refill it and there is some left in the bottom it gets all over . The refill from the bottom idea was not a good one . It never looks completely full . Once you fill it for the first time and turn it right-side-up you will never be able to turn it upside down to refill without making a mess and getting red dye all over your fingers . There will always be some nectar left in the bottom that the birds ca n't suck out and it will run out of the little holes once you turn it upside down again .
 Maybe our hummers in Calif. are different from other areas , but here they are to the death `` This is my territory '' . I liked the look of this feeder but was very disappointed when it arrived . It is so large there is no way I can use it .
 I got two pair of these clippers and both could not even cut paper , My short hair dog could not stand a chance of being cut best to not buy these go to petsmart spend the extra money at least they will work .
 This was touted as being indestructible/chew proof . My 1 yr old golden retriever had it almost torn in half with one chomp within first 5 minutes of using it.I did like the paw prints design , but it 's useless .
 Cute Design , however the leash ripped in less than a week , i also bought the collar through Lupine and I was happy with that product . Maybe my dog is just too tough , who knows , but I hope Lupine will exchange/replace the leash.-dave
 My old fat cat had no interest in these so I put them in a catnip container for a few hours and then tried again . She began licking it and the stuffing came out immediately so it must have been torn from the factory ...
 My cat was able to pull it apart in seconds . One of the balls stayed together a little longer but not well made . Would n't buy again or recommend .
 Fun for my cats for about 5 minutes until the stuffing came out . I had to throw them away . Do n't waste your money !
 My cat is not interested in these at all . . even after I put mega amounts of catnip on them . Just a zero . She had much more fun with a wadded up piece of paper . Sometimes I think these pom poms might have a certain smell that turns cats off .
 I think these pom poms are probably well made overall . But they will not work for our very playful 1-year-old cat . He likes to bite toys and can be kind of hard on them . These pom poms can be pulled apart with little effort . There is n't anything in the middle to hold all the material together . Unfortunately , we ca n't use them for our cat .
 Though these are well-ish made , my Bengal is absolutely uninterested in them . They are very soft and light so he has no interest in `` chasing '' them around -LRB- or playing soccer , as I like to call it -RRB- . The material also picks up all kinds of hair and dust off the floor and gets stuck on them . I 'm almost grateful he does n't play with them because every time I pick one up , it 's covered in hair that I would n't want him to eat.He absolutely lovesKONG Cat Hugga Wubba , Cat Toy -LRB- Colors Vary -RRB- andCat Dancer 301 Cat Charmer Interactive Cat Toy.Guess this toy is n't for everyone .
 After seeing these balls last only a few minutes with my cat before dissolving into several pulled out fluffballs . My kitty bunny-thumped one of these balls a few times and , with each thump , some fluff pulled out of the ball . Curiously , I picked up another ball from the pack and pulled gently on the fluff . It easily came out . Sad quality !
 Our dog would n't drink the water with this item in it . We could not giveit long enough to him to see if it would help the brown spots on the grass . Also tried it in his food , but he shyed away from that as well .
 Ordered this item because the dog needed a new flea collar and my father has a phobia that the dog will get hit by a car at night . So the reflective strip was a great bonus . Only problem is when i got the collar it was a hot day here in FL . The entire reflective strip had melted and came apart when i unrolled the collar . It just fell off ... its not much of a reflecting strip to start with maybe 2mm thick on the out side of the collar . So all I got was a flea collar 2 Stars !
 I have not had much luck with Hartz products and my dog 's vet and the local pet stores do n't endorse Hartz products either . This has been an especially bad year for fleas and the Hartz collar did not do diddly squat to rid the dog of fleas . I had to go with Frontline instead .
 I had this on my dog for two weeks before I gave up on it and used another product.I did not even see the dogs `` flea population '' lessen.Would not use a flea collar again , not with items like Frontline available that work quickly and for a month .
 I have two parrots - an African grey and a Mexican redhead . Neither would eat this grass . However , the grass grew according to the directions . Maybe my birds are just too picky !
 This is the biggest waste of money - do not buy it - it will not work!It 's just people saying a certain word , then a 10 second pause ... then a different word and another 10 second pause . You can create your own if you really want to try this.But you really should not leave this on for your bird all day - it should be done in 10 minute intervals only or your bird may get irritated by it -LRB- i know i get irritated by it after only 2 words -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on this .
 seriously , buy a tape recorder and just play it continuously to your bird . at least then , it will be your own voice he 's hearing and not just some random person saying ` hello ' over and and over again . i 'm sure repitition is good for them to learn , but i paid $ 11.99 for this ? the entire cd is made up of random words or phrases all about 3-5 seconds long . the idea is to choose the one you want your bird to learn and then put the that track of the cd on repeat . it makes sense , but really , could n't you do it yourself for free ? also , alot of the words are things i woul n't want him to learn anyway , just random stuff you would n't normally even say yourself .
 Sent me expired product , this is ridiculous & very inconvenient . Not sure what I will do now because I really needed this & ca n't find it locally .
 This product was terribly disappointing . It was the human track saying `` quack quack quack '' and the human sheep saying `` baaaa '' did it for me ... just dumb . I would have given it one star , but I agree with a previous poster that some of the other sounds were pretty good . Not sure it 's worth the money tho . IMHO
 This muzzle is very bad.It is plastic , the size guide it is wrong.You should not buy this product.when I tried to return it the shipping was going to be more expensive that the muzzel . I threw it to the trash .
 The CD is a great idea . I like how the tracks can easily be programed to repeat on a CD or DVD player . The birds do pick up on phrases quickly . However , tracks 67 through 75 appear missing . I 'm a little surprised but just chalked it up to a bad CD until we played the OTHER teaching CD for the birds and it TOO is missing a handful of tracks . How Disappointing .
 I have better sounds that i could record to CD right here at my own home . This CD was annoying to say the least . If you like unpleasant noises you will love this , Lousy quality , total ripoff . I went by the good ratings before i purchased and after listening for my self i really wondered how anyone could give this garbage even a fair review , it is not fair when someone litterally rips you off . I have made hundreds of different purchases online and this rates as the worst one ever ! Horrendous !!!
 If you turn the volume way up on Feathered Phonics Volume 2 to hear the whistles and the songs and rhymes are too loud . This edition suffers from volume problems .
 This product is awful . If my bird learned these phrases and songs I would go out of my mind .
 It was n't what I exspected . I have a cockitiel , that is not going to do nursery rymes , that a regular child would lern . I was hoping that that would have been much easier things for my bird to learn . He does . things like Good Bird , love you , Bye Bye , and pretty bird . I was hoping for him to have more simple things like that to learn more of . And I had hoped for DVDs . I have niether , and my bird pays no attention to the ones I bought . Thankyou , Char Russell
 Would not buy another unless I a able to hear what is on the CD . I do n't like the format of the video . Too many items for the bird to learn unless you play one at a time . I need soething for her when I am not with her ,
 My birds seemed to squawk loudly everytime I played this . Not only is the woman on here annoying for us but I think for them . Each segment was short and only repeated once . I would n't recommend this product . I ended up buying natural bird sounds that they love and I whistle and sing to them-they seem to pick it up quicker .
 Neither Amazon nor Revival are authorized dealers of Fastrack . This has been reported to the Conklin Company for investigation .
 I have a little dog who likes to mark in the house , so I bought this small male dog diaper and some liners from Simple Solutions . The elastic on this garment left a red welt and chafing on my dog 's belly . I know the diaper 's not too tight , since it 's supposed to fit up to 13 '' and my little guy is 11 '' where he 's getting sore . The liners are so small that you 'd need x-ray vision to get them lined up right when your dog wears the diaper . I do n't , so the fabric got wet , and totally defeated the purpose of having liners . I ended up using two at a time just to use them up . Ugh . My advice ? Go on eBay and see how many people are out there making and selling male dog belly wraps that do n't need liners . You can get several for the price of one Simple Solution male dog diaper and they 're custom made !
 The first 3 - 4 times my male 20 pounder pug wore this , it stayed on , now he knows how to get it off every time . The medium size seemed a little tight for him , so I got a large , the large is too big , I sewed it smaller , but he get the large one off also .
 The information on Amazon and what I received do not match . The picture on Amazon show the product with a wider sadle on the dog which I thought would help with bunching . What I got is like any other belly band for a male dog . Did not have adjustable closure , it is velco and the width of the band is the same all around so it will bunch up on my pug as he moves around . I got the same product from Top Paw and was looking for something different . I would not have paid the $ 13.95 for one band if it was like what I already had . Wal-Mart carries them for $ 9.95 . The band does work , but you need several for a dog who has problems with marking and some time there are accidents since the band with bunch up in the middle . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000FJD5ZS Simple Solution Washable Male Wrap , Medium -RSB-
 it is too bulky i bought the sixe for my dog but still is to big to bulky . what a waste of my money
 FIRST OF ALL WE ONLY GAVE IT ONE STAR BECAUSE WE HAD TO PUT A STAR . IT DOES N'T DESERVE ANY STARS . WE BOUGHT THIS ITEM FOR OUR HANDICAPPED DOG . HE IS INCONTINENT AND THIS ITEM IS SUPPOSED TO BE FOR INCONTINENT MALES . THE FABRIC IS THIN , CHEAP & SLIPPERY . THE SIZING IS OFF AS WELL . BASED ON THE SIZING OUR BASSET SHOULD BE A LARGE AND THE LARGE IS TOO BIG AND SLIPS OFF , DESPITE THE FACT THAT HE IS 65 POUNDS AND WITHIN THE SIZES INDICATED ON THE PACKAGE . WE HAVE BOUGHT WRAPS FROM THIS SAME COMPANY THAT HAVE DENIM FABRIC . IT IS THICKER AND BETTER . DO NOT BUY THESE WITH THE TEAL BLUE FABRIC YOU WILL WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 Absolutely worthless ! It fits poorly , does not cover the anus , and the urine leaks COMPLETELY THROUGH the diaper !! I can just imagine him lying on my couch in this urine soaked piece of crap -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- ! If that 's not enough , it only wraps around the abdomen with velcro and elastic bands . That 's right , it does n't even wrap around the legs , so my dog keeps sliding it off with little effort . Definitely plenty of room for improvement . I 'm returning it tomorrow .
 Simple Solution Washable Male Wrap , SmallHi , I purchased the washable male wrap small trying to purchase the simple solution small dog diaper . I returned the male wrap small 7/2010 . I am still waiting on my replacement item . I requested change or refund of the item when i returned the item . I will gladly write a review once i recieve the item i 'll paid for.I hope the seller Violet read this & response if not i will contact Amazon next ... Betty sturgan
 While this product is a very good idea , it was not properly or effectively executed . First of all , I have a 12lb Miniature Pinscher , and the size medium is kind of tight on him . And , he is by no means overweight . Occasionally , he likes to mark , so we figured this would be a good purchase . We were wrong ! The item is not soft to the touch , and it has tight elastic , meaning it bunches too much and tends to squeeze his belly . There seems to be extra fabric , and it almost looks like a diaper or ballerina tutu on him . He looks absurd . Our dog does not particularly mind the product , but it slips and slides , making it ineffective . I noticed some wraps on Amazon that were fleece and appeared to be better quality . I will be purchasing them next .
 The packaging and description looked the same as the one I bought at my local pet store but that 's where the similarities ended.The male wrap inside was made out of T-shirt fabric and was lined with some kind of nylon mesh , the ONLY way this wrap was going to keep my dog 's bed dry was with the help of some heavy duty poise pads . On the other hand , the Simple Solution wrap that I bought at the pet store was made out of heavy denim and lined with soft flannel which was more than adequate to stop a few dribbles plus you can still add the poise pad for extra absorbency when you need it . Besides , I asked Shiloh if he would prefer to have his nether regions swathed in soft cotton flannel or scratchy nylon mesh and he looked at me like of was crazy ! Soft flannel of course!Luckily , when I went back to the pet store they had received a new shippment of the denim ones so I was able to purchase 2 more for my large elderly dog and send the ones I purchased from Amazon back.This whole problem could have been avoided if the folks at Simple Solutions had just left well enough alone or else mentioned that they had changed the product -LRB- even the Amazon product page says the wrap is lined in flannel -RRB- so there would be no confusion .
 I have two dogs in diapers . My little guy does n't mind the wrap at all . My large dog hates his . The large size has a hole for the tail . I never would have purchased the XL wrap if I had known it was fitted with a tail hole.It slips off my old boy 's rump and is hard to keep on . The little guy 's wrap is perfect . Wished they had left the design alone .
 My puppy hates the elastic part . He twitches and contorts himself as the elastic part is irritating to him . I 'm getting one that 's flat instead and does n't have elastic at top and bottom - only velcro to attach . He does n't go when he 's wearing it though .
 Only lasted for 3 washings before the elastic gave out on one side . If it had lasted would have preferred to use this brand for its light weight .
 This worked fine for a few days , but the very first time we washed it , all the elastic just fell out of it . It was completely destroyed . It was a complete waste of money . I suppose if a person were inclined to hand wash this item it may last more than one washing . I was very , very disappointed .
 Our 9 year old black Labrador , who since his neutering years ago , has been afflicted with involuntary dribbling of urine . He has been treated , and examined over , and over again throughout the years , with little to no resolution of the urine leakage . We turned to using the Simple Solution Washable Male Wraps on Mike while he is in the house - otherwise we had urine dribbles everywhere , which got old , and the constant cleanup was tedious.When we first bought the Simple Solution Wraps , they were sewn of , cotton , or a cotton blend , blue -LRB- both light and dark -RRB- denim with a soft flannel lining to which we add absorbent cloths or pads to soak up the urine dribbles . We generally have 3-4 of these , size Large , Wraps on hand . We change and wash them daily , or as they get wet . The Wraps do n't last forever with the numerous washings we subject them to -LRB- we air dry them -RRB- , but long enough to make the cost of them totally worthwhile . Eventually , the hemmed elastic around the edges of the Wrap gets old and loosens somewhat , but not until after many , many washings.Our most recent purchase of a Large Simple Solution Washable Male Wrap was totally disappointing . The outer material is no longer a nice soft denim , but is made of a slippery synthetic material . The inner lining is no longer the soft flannel as stated in the product description , but a very shiny and slick nylon fabric . The result is a wrap that slides easily and does not stay in place very well . The removable pads that we place inside the wrap do not stay put very well . The sizing is different . The new Large is larger than the old Large , and does not fit our Lab nearly as well . The new Wrap slides around , and in our opinion , the new fabric is really unattractive to boot.Had we known that the Simple Solution Wraps were going to change so dramatically in quality we would have bought a lifetime 's worth before they changed the fabrics . Now we 're stuck with the new -LRB- and improved ? ... not -RRB- version . We wo n't buy the Simple Solution Washable Male Wrap in its present incarnationSimple Solution Washable Male Wrap , Largeagain , and we 'll be on the lookout for alternatives .
 Unfortunately , this wrap does not stay on our Boston Terrier and we 've tried two different sizes . Although , if it did stay on his body , I 'm confident that it would stop his spraying . He does n't mind wearing it and the velcro is strong . It 's just his body shape that is challenging .
 I got these for my 17 lb pug . I chose this brand because of the lower price point and convenience . The medium was wayyyy too big . He had walked out of it within minutes and it was not at all adjustable . The elastic on the outside edges causes the band to bunch up like a loose diaper and the edges are lined with a very itchy fabric . I imagine this fabric causing some problems on my pug 's sensitive belly . The inside is lined with cheap nylon netting and the outside fabric was n't much softer . Overall , very disappointed . Returned the next day .
 Boston terrier has wrong body shape , kept sliding off , no tighting it didnt work . I am sure it could work on other body types ,
 if i could give anyone a comparison
 We purchased this for an aging Jack Russel with incontinence issues . Within 30 seconds of being on , he rolled around and managed to get the wrap off immediately . This is something to avoid if your dog is high energy or likes to play .
 In the last 6 months I 've purchased two of these at my local pet store . A small for my 6lb Chihuahua and a medium for my mom 's Havanese . The sizing on these wraps is not effective at all . The medium says it is for 12-23in but there is no way to actually adjust the belt . My mom 's dog is 16in and it just does n't fit at all . I wish they would have extended the velcro on the bottom portion to make it more adjustable . Both dogs can wiggle out of them easily and , as another stated , liners do not stick well to the material . In both cases the wraps end up under their male part and they can still pee in the house.When I first bought the small one for my chihuahua and it did n't work I then tried theTinkl Belts , Size XS -LRB- 10-14 '' waist -RRB- . I really wanted a washable one . This worked good for a few days but then it ended up scrunching down and not covering his male part . I do keep this one in my car though in case I need it when I 'm out -LRB- it is less bulky then the other two -RRB- and would chose this over the Solution Wrap . However , this one does not absorb well , its mostly to deter the act from the pressure.So I ended up going for theWiki Wags Brand 12 Small Disposable Male Dog Wraps with Free Aloe Wet Wipes . Even though the Wiki Wags are disposable they stay on much better as they have adjustable straps , and so long as the dogs do n't get in a marking war -LRB- both are fixed , so do n't know why they do it -RRB- I can use one for several days . The wiki wags are pretty much no different then a baby diaper that just wraps around the mid-section . In fairness though , I 've only used the XS for my chihuahua as of now , but I LOVE them . So I just ordered the small for my mom 's dog as he will be with us for the next couple months and in one day has marked in my house twice already -LRB- once with the Simple Solution Washable Male Wrap on -RRB- . So ... I would not recommend the Simple Solution Washable Male Wrap to anyone . If you have any questions feel free to comment .
 Bought a medium in this ... it was way too big for my 15-lb shih tzu -LRB- despite being well within what they consider the size for a medium -RRB- . Had ordered two and ripped the packaging on one so could n't return it . Fixed The too bigness with safety pins , so my poor booger butt walks around with a huge bunch on his back . Luckily he 's a dog and does n't care about such things.Returned the other one and got an instant refund , telling them the size chart is wrong -LRB- actually there are 2 listed sizes -- one on the front that says 15-35 lbs and one on the back that says something totally different -RRB- . The speed of the refund was nice and they let me know when they received the returned item.Bought a small based on the size chart on the back ... and it was way too small , even though it says up to 16 lbs . My dogs little skinny waist was about 3 inches too big . Sent it back and got an instant refund.Not sure what to do next . He has sleep incontinence so he wears it to bed nightly and it leaks right through every night . I soak it in soapy water in the sink after it comes of so I do n't have to do the washing machine every night . Luckily that helps the smell.But it 's a piece of cloth so it 's gon na soak through . I have n't bothered with the liners -LRB- just more expensive maxi pads -RRB- . Have tried a maxi pad but the sticky stuff left a residue.Sort of stuck here . I 'll probably buy another medium and just pin it like the other one and deal with washing it every day . I do n't recommend the product at all.Giving it two stars -- one for the item itself and one for amazon for being good about their return policy . But that 's all I 'm able to be generous about .
 this wrap was way too big for my 80 pound lab . the playapup belly bands fit & work much better .
 Very disappointed . There is no way this fits a 15 lb dog . My dog is a 9 lb maltese and it barely gets around him and it 's certainly not comfortable .
 These wraps are sewn well with perfect material and provide excellent protection . I had a large dog and put a depends pad inside . However , the elastic is continuous and broke the skin down in front of the dog 's private part . It did n't take long . He had to go on antibiotics to get over it . I tried a second time briefly , gave up and designed my own with a stretch with no elastic . I hope the company reads this .
 Bought the male wrap to keep my Alpha Male from marking on the condo we were renting . Well , it did work for that . However , it keeps sliding to his tail and must be adjusted often . He is not fond of it and rubs against the furniture to try to get it off .
 I have an 85 pound male dog that has no movement in his back legs . So when he wants to change his position he drags his back end around . Because this male wrap product is made of denim it catches on the bedding material the dog is laying on . This means the wrap and absorbent pad used to catch his urine usually slide right off his wanker after a few movements resulting in a wet bed . An outer layer that was made of a slicker material would help . In addition , a total package that has less cotton-based materials would be nice because these things take FOREVER to air dry once they are wet and they develop a stink all their own unless you wash them often . Other comments already address the insufficient size of the removable absorbent padding . I opted to use old cloth diapers inside the wrap . The good points of this product are the large velcro tabs and very stretchy elastic sides . It is easy to put on and stays on . An excellent alternative male wrap that addresses many of the above problems is available at -LSB- ... -RSB- . They are a few dollars more and do n't look as fancy but are worth it .
 I ordered this after i got a belt for my 5 pound chi ... this was for my 10 pound mix . Once of them started marking so i decided to order belly belts.This brand does n't seem to stay on . So i ordered another brand and it works wonderfully !
 I bought this at a pet store , not knowing that there are a lot of choices out there . What I do n't like about this are the lack of appropriate sizes , it is synthetic and has elastic on the edges . The large size is for dogs 35-90 pounds , quite a range , and they make it sort-of fit with tight elastic along the edges.My dog is only 45 pounds and the elastic gave him sores on the tender old skin on his belly , plus it pooches out and after 2 weeks of trying , I have not found a dependable place to put the disposable pad where it is likely to collect . I nicked the elastic to make it a bit looser , but then he gets his knees hooked up in it when going downstairs and stumbles . So , even with editing , this does n't work for a border-collie sized dog.The teal green is a rather obnoxious color , too . I mean , my poor old dog is embarrassed enough with his leaking without having people remark on his diaper.I 'd rather have several and wash them than use throw-away pads , because with using the pads -LRB- on the simple solution model -RRB- , sometimes it collected and sometimes missed and I had to wash it anyway ; plus less junk for the landfills!I have since bought another product that has cotton , which breathes better and has more sizes to fit more snugly . You know , this is better than nothing , but since there are other better units , I 'd recommend searching the internet to find those .
 I have a three year old pug that started lifting his leg indoors after we moved . My mother in law told me about these and I ran out and got one for my local Pet smart because I did n't want to wait for one online and make an easy return if I did n't like it.Well I 'll say it worked great and did what it set out to do but after a week or so my Pug had a nasty raw sore on the underside of his penis sheath . There is an elastic band on either side of the band and this is what rubbed him and made a sore . I even got a size larger and even though the middle portion was comfortable the elastic still created the same problem and got another raw sore.So I highly recommend the concept , I 'm not happy with this particular product and I am now shopping online for another kind hopping to avoid the same problem again .
 Do n't buy these if your dog has incontinence They don ' work well ! I bought this because my mom was sick of walking in puddles that have severely increased since my dog Buddy developed diabetes in January . I finally caved ad bought this . Well I toke him to the pet store with me and was shocked at the price , lucky I had a $ 5 off coupon for the store . I tried on the medium wrap for him and he is only 14 pounds , and it was tight . I was afraid it would cut off his circulation . I looked and they were out of large sized ones so I tried the medium again and had to put it on as loosely as I could and it was still kind of snug but I bought another one on the rack and it fit a little better so maybe someone switched it . I bought the extra light pads because they were more affordable . I went home and put the pad into the wrap and `` covered his masculinity '' as on the package . I went to school and came home an hour later . The diaper was SOAKED even with the pad in it . I washed the pad but it was LINE DRY so it took days to dry . I decided to go buy another wrap to suffice for other days . and the HEAVY pads . I put them on him and went to school that day . I got home an hour later and that diaper was SOAKED with the HEAVY pads added . I called the company and they said that his bladder was just too big and they would refund my money if I sent them the receipt . They also said I did n't have to buy the dog pads so I went and bought some human pads but he leaked through those too . the funny thing is these wraps have a PLASTIC LINER inside to PREVENT Leaks . Yeah right !
 This band is elastic on the sides , so it 's stretchy , which I did n't realize when I bought it . I got a medium and it 's too large for my 16-lb pug . It bunches up around his tummy and looks like a skirt . It does the job I guess , but it 's not comfortable for him and he can slip out of it pretty easily .
 My dog has to wear then as we are walking to his pee spot and as we are walking back because he is an excited pee'er . But even though I wash it thoroughly every time afterwards , it has gained this permanent stench that stinks up whatever room it 's in . Not to mention that the fabric is a pain to wash in the first place.Perhaps it is well suited for someone who only needs it for special occasions .
 I had previously bought a small size at a pet shop but it was a little too small . So I ordered a medium through Amazon and it was way too big . So I ended up returning it and getting another small . The new small was not as substantial as the original one I bought at the pet shop . The new one is made of synthetic materials whereas the original one was made from denim and flannel . The new one was cheaper but I guess you get what you pay for.Simple Solution Washable Diapers , Small
 After buying 4 of the last year , I bought two recently and they were n't the same . The prior ones were denim which was absorbent . The new ones are nylon which is not . I would n't buy these again and you should definitely look for another vendor 's product .
 I would give this product -1 star if I could . But since I ca n't , suffice it to say , I have had nothing but problems with this product since the first use . I purchased two for two small male dogs that have n't been neutered . . YET . These fellas have a habit of marking behind each other , and these were supposed to help with that . Well , they do n't . They bunch up over the back and underneath where they are supposed to cover up their privates . I am constantly following the dogs around and monitoring them to make certain they are covered up . They usally are n't , so I have to re-adjust them . It is very frustrating and such a waste of time . I will have to find another solution , spend even more money . At least until , and IF their being nuetered helps.You could probably do better with a babies diaper -LRB- the tab closing type -RRB- with a hole cut out for the tail .
 when i first received the wrap about a month ago , i thought it was a miracle . it seemed to hold everything and unless it got shifted during his sleep , it never leaked . well , about a month later and after a few hand washings , the wrap leaks all the time now -LRB- i use incontinence pads stuck in it -RRB- . it does n't hold as tight as it did just a month ago so i have to wash the wrap almost everyday . it sags and has loosen quite a bit . i just ordered the tinker wrap so hopefully that one will work better .
 The description on the Amazon web site did not match the description on the package . Waist size and weight were described incorrectly . Quality and design seem to be pretty poor .
 My bird did n't learn anything from this . I put it in the cd player and set it to repeat for hours a day . I found out if you want your bird to sing , put it outside on the porch . Birds sing to find mates . Wont find one inside so why sing ? Some canaries just do n't sing . My $ 80 bird was one of them . Eventually one day a rat broke into its cage on the porch and killed it . The rodent got more enjoyment from the bird than I.
 I GUESS THIS CD JUST WAS N'T WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR . I GUESS THAT I WAS LOOKING FOR MORE .
 REALLY BAD QUALITY CD !! THE VOICE ON THE CD IS BORING BIRDS WO N'T LIKE IT !!! ANOTHER ISSUE IS THAT VOICE STARTS VERY LOW YOU WILL ONLY HEAR THE END OF THE WORD , I WAS EXPECTING SOMETHING FUN FOR MY BIRDS BUT THIS CD DOES N'T HAVE ANYTHING FUN IT 'S A WASTE OF MONEY !! I END BUYING A KIDS SONG CD & MY BIRDS LOVE IT !! MINUS WELL I RATHER RECORD WORDS & PLAY IT FOR THEM INSTEAD OF BUYING THIS CD ITS BETTER . I SPEAK SPANISH & I BEEN TEACHING MY CONURES WORDS SUCH AS PEEK A BOO , HELLO , PERICO BURRO , BUENOS DIAS ETC , SEEMS IT 'S BETTER WHEN YOU DO IT YOUR SELF . . OR GET KIDS SONGS CD 'S SEEMS THAT RESPOND BETTER TO THAT.I DO N'T RECOMMEND THIS CD !! WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased this light as a replacement for stock lighting on a 12g Aquapod.The mounting clamp seemed very unsteady when attached to the back of the tank , and the adjustment knobs always seemed to be almost ready to release.The Viper may work well for other types of tanks , but I do n't think it works well for the 12g Aquapod.Also , the stock lighting was very dim . It was more of a blue , than bright white . I was told by JBJ that the bulb needed a burn-in period before it turned bright white , but I returned the Viper after a few days.I thought it was a great concept , but I ca n't recommend it because of the clamp and stock lamp .
 Tried these on my adult cat who would n't stop clawing the furniture , despite several long attempts at training . You stick these `` false claws '' on over their existing claws with basically a `` super glue '' that adheres instantly . Heaven help you if you get it stuck on wrong , because it sticks pretty quickly.I was only able to get these on one paw of my cat . The claws were n't able to retract once put on -LRB- ca n't go back into their skin sheaths that wrap closely to the claw -RRB- and so they annoyed the cat tremendously . She bit at them and eventually chewed them all off within a few hours , despite the super glue . I feared she would declaw herself trying to get them off . Maybe I should have tried doing the hind claws first since they do n't retract , but I think she would have still chewed them off.Maybe if you start these when you have a kitten , -LRB- kittens do n't have retractable claws at first -RRB- they could get used to it and be ok with it , but I have had no luck getting an adult cat to accept these .
 I put these claws on my cat because my vet recommended them as opposed to de-clawing her . I do not recommend them they did not fall off her claws and I tried everything to get them off because they started growing into her pads and causing infections underneath the soft paws . I ended up cutting them off and her claws and pads are very irritated now . I am taking her to the vet to get it checked to make sure she has not incurred and permanent damage .
 I applied `` soft paws '' on my kitten 6 weeks ago . It took a few weeks before I could them to stay on -LRB- the comment about not clipping kittens nails before applying should have been near the top of the instructions -RRB- . My kitten was not bothered by the product , nor did she not try to chew them off . I had thought I found the perfect solution to keeping my leather furniture protected . However , I started observing my kitten getting her nails stuck on her toys & blankets . This is when I decided that the product may be dangerous and I needed to let the soft paws come off & I would not to reapply them . As of today all but 2 of the covers had come off . When I came home after being gone for only a few hours I discovered a door mat had been pulled across a large room & upon further inspection I discovered that my kitten had chewed the floor mat to get her nail cover unstuck . This is a possibly a very dangerous product & consumers need to be informed of this risk . Most people would not know what this product looks like on the nail after application and when the nail grows out before they purchase softpaws and it may not be knowledge from common sense . I am extremely disturbed that I put my kitten in such distress and pain because I applied soft paws for my own convenience.Kim Harding
 I really wanted these to work . Could have been brilliant.But , in the end they only stayed on for about one week . So I doubt I would buy again . Our cat is very easy going so putting them on was probably about as easy as it gets with any cat . But , that being said , I thought these were tough to put on and there were two of us - one holding the cat and one person putting these on . Too much effort for a one week solution . But , your experience may differ.Update : My inlaws also tried these and had a similar experience . Lasted about a week .
 We purchased this product and it arrived right before this past Christmas . We did n't have trouble getting them on and our cat is tough when it comes to sitting still . A few things though ! 1 . The cats hair did get stuck to the glue from the caps . Be very careful with that .2 . Be careful of strings and scratching.Although our cat did n't bother the soft claws once they were on , she has however gotten stuck on multiple things since she 's had them on . Everytime she goes to scratch -LRB- the couch , the scratch post , the rug -RRB- she gets stuck on everything . So far two soft claws have come off this way with her nail inside . Since we were n't home when this happened I 'm assuming it mustve been painful.We are taking her to the vet asap to get these removed and would not recommend or use them again.It 's scary to think she is getting stuck on things when we are not around .
 I followed the instructions exactly , but my cat still was able to bite/rip these off one by one . I was hoping there would be some solution other than declawing , but this is not it . I will not ever declaw my cat and I would not recommend anyone does .
 I was so excited about this product because I am tired of my dinning and living room furniture getting ruined . I cut my cats nails as teh instructions state and filled the ` soft claws ' 1/3 full of glue like it also stated . Easy to place on cats nails ... when they sit still -LRB- my cat can be a challenge at times -RRB- , but the next day there were eight that had come off . Thinking that I did not place enough glue I put new nails and filled 1/2 with the glue . Again by the next morning they came off . I am just fruterated b/c my furniture is getting torn and my sweet hard headed cat eats off the soft claws ... I will try it again for the third time ... hopefully this time it will do the trick .
 I got vinyl nail caps to curb the scratching -LRB- of me and of furniture -RRB- of two indoor cats . While they did this successfully and both cats are comfortable having their nails trimmed , neither cat took to them in the ways described by other reviewers . In fact , they mostly chewed at them ... both immediately after application and much later . Even after two years of continued application , the cats still occasionally chew them off , sometimes taking part of their skin or the root of the nail with them . This has produced bloody , sensitive paws which make me worry about infection and about how ethical they are . PAINFUL OPEN WOUNDS are exactly what we all try to avoid by not declawing ! This might be a rare thing and obviously does n't happen to everyone , but I checked the medical literature and the American Veterinary Medical Association website and found that the safety of these nail caps has never been tested -LRB- in fact the AVMA removed nail caps from their position statement on declawing -RRB- . Now I 'm stuck between risking pain and infection for my cat at least once a month and worrying about the damage they could do to people and children if I do n't . I urge people to consider a more humane option if one is available .
 So many times I have used this product yet I never learn my lesson , I keep buying them !!! I was first in line to use it when my vet started carrying it in his office YEARS and YEARS ago . First try , my vet charged me an arm and a leg to put them on , they came off in less than a week , losing the first in less than 24 hours . Second round , I do it myself , again , off in less than 24 hours last one in about 2 weeks . I have tried them about 10 more times with a few cats since then , last being a few weeks ago -LRB- because my vet said they have been improved -RRB- and I have NEVER had a positive experience . These paws get VERY expensive over time if you have a cat that knows how to take them off -LRB- which is n't hard to do -RRB- . My cat has had problems retracting his claws , digestion issues -LRB- fun finding these in your cats feces when you forget about them . . SCARY . . lol -RRB- , choking issues -LRB- the paws have gotten caught in fur-balls which are hard enough to choke up without having a piece of plastic mixed in -RRB- and has had an infection caused by his nail growing THROUGH the cap , one by the cap getting stuck causing his nail to bend and the last one which was caused by FECES getting stuck in the cap . Both times my cat had to be taken in so the caps could be removed by the vet who told me that I was not the first person to have had this experience . I am finally done with them after the last infection cost me 200.00 at the vet because the infection spread to his paw ! No more Soft paws for this family , we will find another way ! Too much of a hassle that costs too much money and so far has been just as inhumane to our cat as de-clawing would have been .
 I bought these for my cat 's hind legs because she wo n't stop scratching herself to the point where she has multiple scabs . I thought this would provide protection so she could no longer hurt herself.First off , we never even got more than 3 nails on her because she would not stay still and cried out everytime we tried . My cat may just be more difficult than most but it was a tiring process and there were two of us attempting it.After getting three on , the first one fell off within the first hour , the second by the end of the night , and the third by the end of the day.We tried giving them one more try today and could n't get a single one on as the cat moved too much and the one we got slightly on fell off right away.I like the idea of these products as a humane alternative to declawing . However , if you do n't have a cat that will literally just sit still as you put them on , then I do n't reccommend them . Also , maybe we just were just doing something wrong but we could not get the few we did get on to stay on.Good idea , but at least for me it did n't work .
 I bought this for my kitten who scratched anything she could get her little paws on . It was extremely hard to put these on because the glue dries quickly so you have to hurry while holding the cat still and paws/claws out . Also , the piece does not go all the way down on the claw so the end always snagged on items and we would have to go get her unstuck from everything . I think I reapplied each piece once or twice throughout the day . I finally gave up after a week of doing this and havent used it since !
 We have tried these on multiple cats . The cats always immediately try to take the claws off by biting at their claws . They are clearly unhappy . Eventually they always succeed.My wife is a vet . We have over a dozen scratching toys in our home . These may help but they do n't affect certain cats desire to destroy furniture.I find it very hurtful and misleading stating that softclaws are an alternative and that declawing cats is inhumane . It is not true , in our cases , that there are alternatives to furniture destruction such as soft claws . We have 2 cats that were declawed when kittens , they are happy and do n't destroy furniture.I certainly recommend giving them a try before surgery . In our multiple cases with different cats they have never worked .
 I bought these in stores , Theyre HORRIBLE , she gets her nails caught , there way to bulky , theyre painful , she can no longer jump up on the bed , it kills me to see her like this , she hates them , if you love your cat , DO NOT GET THESE .
 These caps seem great at first . They took a few attempts to get them to stay on the first couple of days , but eventually they stayed in.However , they have since refused to come off . It 's been about 3 months and both of my cats still have half of their caps . There is visible litter and feces stuck in them , and you can see where their claws are splintering all the way down to the root . Worst of all , my cats keep getting them stuck in things . My boyfriend has already had to use scissors to cut my cat out of our blinds and the lace shower curtain because the cap was so stuck we could n't free her . I 'm so glad we were home when it happened , because she was yowling and trying to bite us as we tried to free her , obviously in pain and terrified.I tried trimming the end of the plastic , as the sites FAQ says this will `` loosen the adhesive '' and help them come off , so hopefully that works.Even if you do n't care about hurting your cat because you 're an inhuman creep , they do n't even fully work because you ca n't put them on the back claws . It prevents scratching , but not running around the house or across furniture , which still leaves scratches and puncture marks with their back paws .
 I adopted a young female cat which had vinyl `` soft paws '' on all claws , front and back . One by one I removed them , but now she does not retract her claws normally . She constantly snags on rugs , upholstery and bedding , often to the point of having a hard time freeing herself . The literature says claws continue to retract normally , but look at the things ! They are too wide to go into the claw sheath . Provide scratching locations , and train the cat to use them . If you can have a cat only with claws covered or removed , do n't get a cat .
 they came off couple hours later ... . . used lots glue ... . payed 24 dollars ... . comment tips to me ... failed me ... . reglued them on they came every time .
 I was curious about this product , and was considering trying them on my cats , but something told me to check with my veterinarian first . I 'm very glad I did , because he told me that under no circumstances could he recommend using glue on an animal 's body for any reason - and these covers do need to be glued on - and also , he said that there is the possibility that the cat could be bothered by the covers and chew them off , thereby ingesting both vinyl and glue . He also warned - as mentioned by another reviewer - that the cat chewing them off could lead to paw injuries.I have to agree with my vet 's opinion . I think this is probably a harmful product overall , and should not be used . If your cat uses his claws excessively , a simple , inexpensive , and totally safe remedy is to simply have his claws clipped at your vet 's office or by a professional groomer every three months or so . Some cats are calm enough to have their claws clipped by their owners , but before doing this , I would urge some Web research on technique to avoid injuring your cat.But do n't declaw , and do n't glue vinyl onto your cat 's body .
 I have used soft claws in the past , with success . Recently , I decided to use them again . However , this time , one of the soft claws never fell off . I kept waiting for it to fall off , or for my cat 's claw to grow long enough that I could clip it off ... It never happened.I am taking my cat to the vet tomorrow to get the soft claw removed . The claw is pressed against his paw pad , so I have no other choice . I ca n't clip it off , because the nail is too thick . IT WO N'T COME OFF.They just are n't worth it .
 Maybe it was me . Maybe I just did n't get them on well . Maybe it was the cat . She did n't exactly cooperate and sit beautifully still and let me put them on . Maybe it 's the adhesive . Even once we got them one , she was able to chew most of them off with a few hours of determined work.Overall , great concept . Should maybe come with sedation for the cat so you can get them on snugly.Or they should come with a cat that 's already trained to let you put them on .
 The Glue was dry I could not fully benefit from the product , I think that expired Glue , my daughters where Disappointed from this product .
 I really wanted these to work and heard good things about them , but unfortunately they are a useless waste of $ $ for us . Every time we put them on , our cat spends the next several hours chewing them off . She is extremely persistent with this . Instead , we provided her with several different scratching posts with a variety of material , sprinkle catnip on them , and introduce her to their purpose by raising her legs and putting her paws on them in a scratching motion . We also put strips of packing tape on the areas of the stairs she is scratching . This has worked for the past year . I hope the caps work for you . If not , try these others methods .
 These would be ideal if they stayed on . My cat found a way to get them off 3x . I finnally gave up . I was very disappointed .
 If you have a more sensitive breed or who is extremely picky about smells , new things , etc. , try some Bach 's Rescue Remedy liquid in the water dish . This product will be a gamble for breeds like my rag doll Burmese .
 I have three of these heaters and two of them do not work . If I wiggle the temperature adjuster , I can get it to work , but very unreliably and sometimes not at all . There were two choices at the pet store . The other heater of the same wattage -LRB- 100W -RRB- was twice as much . Naturally I went with the less expensive . When the first one broke -LRB- within 2 weeks -RRB- I went and got another one . Now , for the cost of the other , more expensive one , I have two that do n't work at all . You get what you pay for .
 I got this little heater for my Eclipse System 6 quarantine tank . I knew going in that it was not fully submersible and did n't have a temperature setting . I figured that as long as I got the Hi/Low dial set to the correct position I would be ok . I mean , how often do you change the setting on a heater anyway?For several weeks I have been fighting with this heater , trying to get it set correctly . I have seen it off at 78 and on at 83 at the same Hi/Low setting.This heater is a waste of time and money . I will never buy another heater or any product by Aquatic Gardens ever again .
 There is not too much meat on this bone . Now that the small amount of meat is was chewed off , the dog has no interest in it anymore . I would try the free range knuckle bone instead . My dog has been chewing on that one for days !
 My dog , an aging lab mix , developed serious gas problems several months back . I found anti-gas tablets at Walmart -LRB- Pro Pet -RRB- and they worked miracles almost at once . Then Walmart apparently discontinued them -LRB- typical ! -RRB- . Gas problem started up again about a month later . Bought these with hopes of repeating cure . No luck , zero effect , two bottles later . Walmart resumed selling tablets a few weeks ago . Things not 100 % cured , but moving in the right direction . The long and the short of it is try different tablets if you have no luck with one brand . The two brands have totally different ingredients .
 I order two of those bottles I received it today Oct. 4 2011 the expiration date for those bottles Nov. 2011 , waste of money in something that will expire next month ...
 Costly ! Love the ltterbox but started using the reusable plastic Forever tray . It works great and cost less than 1/3 of tthese tyrays . I have tried to get out of this auto ship but they sent it again anyway . Anyone know how I can get them to stop sending and charging me for these ?
 Do not order from Warehouse deals , they would not ship the full product and Amazon does not take responsibility for it . If you want to avoid a headache order directly from scoop free .
 Brilliant Pet , the company that makes this product CLAIMS
 Idea seems great but the truth is that the box still smells you still have to clean it out b/c your pet may urinate on the side . This item is very costly b/c I have to replace the tray every other week for my one cat instead of every 4 weeks . I tried to return the box within the 90 days but you get a customer service person who is suppose to send you an e-mail on how to return it -LRB- which I did not recieve -RRB- there is no follow through .
 I read the reviews , I researched , I bought ... Disappointment . I have one cat , and feed him good food with no fillers which should help with excessive elimination/odor -LRB- or so I was told -RRB- . The scoop-free unit works well , BUT the odor is at times unbearable ! The solid waste is swept away , but the urine just sits and , well - puddles ! Am I doing something wrong ? Even with frequent stirring , the urine is not absorbed by the crystals . Do I have a bad batch of crystal trays ??? Seems that if I have to change the tray at the end of a brief two weeks , SOMEthing is n't working !!!
 I bought this system just before Christmas for our two cats . While it significantly reduces the odor and the mess , we go through one cartridge every week to 10 days . With a 6-pack of refills costing about $ 100 plus shipping , that means I am spending over $ 50 per month -LRB- and possibly up to almost $ 70 ! -RRB- on CAT LITTER ! There is absolutely NO WAY this product costs more than a few dollars each to make . While I really like the product , I really dislike the price , and if the pricing does n't go down in the next couple of months , I will be looking at other brands/options .
 My feelings about this product are mixed . I love not having to scoop out poop every other day , which I 've done for over 16 years -- almost 17 . I had been looking for an automatic cleaner for awhile and finally settled on the Scoop Free litter box after reading all the reviews . I honestly do not know how people say this box lasts for 20-30 days !! At most , 7 days . I have one elderly cat and I stretch the box to about 10 days before it becomes unbearable to open my washroom -LRB- where the box is -RRB- because of the strong urine smell . I ordered 9 boxes online in the summer '08 thinking they would last the year at least and I just had to reorder another 6 boxes -LRB- December ' 08 -RRB- . I buy in bulk for the reduced price but am finding that with the rising cost , I 'll just go ahead and purchase at Target for about a $ 1 less . If there is some secret to this product that I do not know about , or if my cat is an aberration , I just do not understand how people with 3 cats use this and change every 14-20 days . Do they store it outside where they can not smell it ? I will stick with this because I figure I have a few more years with my cat and it 's not worth purchasing something much more expensive . I 've already paid much more than I expected to .
 i purchased the expensive unit with all extras for $ 149.99 ... . then purchased these refills ... the only word that comes to mind is `` false advertising '' ... there is no way on god 's green earth this a tray can last 30 days unless you have an invisible imaginary cat , virtual reality cat or toy / battery operated cat ... all of which would have invisible imaginary pooooooppppp ... . i can not get even 7 days from each tray with 2 cats ... . after 3 or 4 days i have to add extra crystals purchased elsewhere to try and absorb urine and odors ... . additionally be aware you need to put the lid on the bottom -LRB- unless you want all the urine to leak to your floor -RRB- ... . furthermore to add insult to injury the expense of these trays that last 1 week is simply outrageous ... i was willing to pay that if they lasted 1 month as advertised or two weeks for two cats but THEY DO NOT LAST EVEN CLOSE TO THAT ... the smell is unberable on the 4th day and i have to also empty poop in addition to adding crystals if i want to get 7 days out of a tray ... first time i have had cats , will now go to typical litter systems ... ah , btw crystals get all over -LRB- even with the 20 purple mat , yes purchased that too -RRB- and crystals and poop get raked behind the back of the unit onto the floor , i assume because these trays are no where near deep enough ... . wish i had seen a review like mine prior to investing , i can not comprehend the great reviews on this unit ... . there is no way my cats poop too much or that a universe exists where these trays last 30 days
 I absolutely LOVE my ScoopFree litter box !! One of the best inventions ever ! Less mess , less work & less dust !! I have 2 of them & have had them for over a year now & no issues except for 1 kinda big one - the refill cartidgesThe refill cartridges last 1 month & are slightly costly -LRB- $ 15.99 each -RRB- especially if you have multiple cats . But about 2 months ago the refill cartridges disappeared from local pet store shelves . We were told there was a back log & distribution issue & they should be on store shelves by the 1st week in August . It never happened . I just bought the last 2 refill cartridges at the Meier by me 2 days ago . When I contacted ScoopFree today about their distribution issue over the past couple months they called me & informed me that Petsmart refused to place any orders with them the past 4 weeks & it was just decided this week -LRB- By Petsmart -RRB- that they will no longer carry ScoopFree 's refill cartridges on their shelves . Their product is available at Meier , Petco or Pet Supplies Plus -LRB- which are more expensive -RRB- or I could subscribe to their delivery service & have packs of 3 or 6 delivered at a time with free shipping . I had already found my alternative !! FOREVER LITTER TRAYS !! Which are sold here on Amazon.com ! -LSB- ... -RSB- In the long run these will save you a ton of money & they are getting excellent reviews ! I recommend using Target brand crystal litter as a refill filler option.I 'm using litter box liners to line my ScoopFree refill cartridge & make them last until I can get my Forever Trays ! Then I 'll write another review for those !
 In theory , this is a great litter system . However , each cartridge lasts me only one week . The price is way too high !!
 I got my trays in the mail today and they were n't the blue crystals , nor were they individually packaged . It was a nuisance to unpack them and store them .
 I was very happy with Amazon 's price on this item , but we ultimately stopped using the litterbox because it just could n't handle our kitty - we were changing it on a weekly basis and even that was n't enough .
 I have 2 cats and have to change the catridge every 7 days . I tried everything but the smell just became unbearable in 7 days . The catridge are expensive - $ 99 for 6 . It is also very noisy . Check some -LSB- ... -RSB- videos to see if you can bear the noise before buying . The catridge leaks if left for too long -LRB- like 10 days -RRB- .
 Way too expensive and it 's easier to just clean the litter myself . This system just does n't do it for me .
 I have been very unhappy with the last two orders I have gotten . The metal pieces on the boxes have not been aligned very well with the littler box top and I have had to work on them to get them to work . I do n't know if I will order these again from this seller .
 So far this has been the best litter box I have purchased . Only down fall is have 4 cats and litter trays are too expensive they need to be replaced about once a week . We have tried to clean out our selves to prolong changing does n't really work though , also have tried just buying the bag of litter and that is also very expensive and hard to find . Plus side no one really knows there are cats in the house .
 This item was supposed to be a 6 pk of refills . The firstShipment was 1 refill . I called amazon and the only resolutionWas to return it and reorder . The reorder arrived and it was 1 refill.I returned it and gave up . Amazon was great about working withMe and credited my account pretty quickly afterI called . This was really just a hassle having to call amazon twice and packageUp and return 2 items .
 It looks like the company may have fixed it now , but when I ordered it was really cheap for 6 trays with ridiculously expensive shipping , I figured it evened out to still be the cheapest per tray , so I ordered it . To my surprise , only one tray showed up to my door . The company refunded the shipping costs after I complained , but the price for the one was not any better than the other companies I could have purchases from after that . At least the company worked with me though . Good customer service .
 I have had my ScoopFree litter box for several years and have used these trays almost the entire time . My local pet store carried an aftermarket brand for a while , but has since switched back to this brand . The company has obviously changed something recently . I have two cats , and one tray used to last me around two weeks . Now , the smell is unbearable after just a couple of days . The cardboard trays gets soaked through with urine so you 'll have to make sure you put a plastic bag underneath . Even with that , the bag gets covered in urine and it seeps under the bottom of the litter box and just makes the entire thing disgusting.In the past I would have given them 4 or 5 stars , but there is no justifying the price given such a huge decrease in quality . Honestly , it is so bad now I would n't use this if they were free . I live with a roommate and have to keep the litter box in the closet in my bedroom . The smell is just ... horrible .
 This worked for a few months , and then it stopped working and just turned into an expensive littlebox.The trays are really expensive so I would expect it to work better.The sensor stopped working and so we reverted to pressing the button manually every morning and evening . . Maybe our cats poo alot , but I felt that maybe it should be bigger . . Or maybe it was just never meant for 2 large maincoons .6 months later , we bought a large $ 20 litterbox that we just shovel manually.to summarize , when it worked , it was great , but when it stopped working , it was just money down the toilet so t speak . I would not waste your money . .
 This is a PS to my ??????????????? review . I ca n't believe I ca n't get the crystals delivered to my door ... my response from Scoopfree is to get the cartridges . NO . Do n't they sell the crystals ? A helpful hint . I did buy the forever litter tray and it 's the best . Now I need to find out where to get crystals that work as well -LRB- I hope -RRB- as scoop free 's crystal litter . I would send the box back except is is the best product I 've ever bought . I do cheat and remove POOP , thus the litter last a full month for my one cat.I am very disappointed in Scoopfree for not letting me know what 's up with the crystals ...
 These cartridges are way overpriced and make a hell of a mess . You are constantly stepping on litter that gets tracked all over the house and furniture .
 I 've been using the ScoopFree litter box system for almost two years and I 've now switched back to regular litter . I truly believe that the manufacturers have cheapened this product . I have one cat , and I used to be able to go almost a month without changing the Scoopfree litter . Now I need to change it every week . If I wait two weeks , the entire box is soaked through.The cardboard is thinner now that it used to be . You can feel it just when you pick it up -- it does n't feel as solid and sturdy as it used to.It 's really a shame because I did like it in the beginning . Now the product is unusable unless I want to change it every week and that 's too costly .
 Here is the bad news . I 've been using this system for about a year and always buy the brand here on Amazon . With 2 cats , I have to change the tray every 5 days - no joke . Sometimes I can wait until day 6 , but by day 7 the cats wo n't go near the liter box and the smell is really bad . It is n't even remotely possible for the tray to last 2 weeks.Basically there are two problems . The first one is that there is n't enough space in the tray to collect the waste , so by day 7 , it 's overflowing with 2 cats . Also , there is n't enough crystals in the refill packages and the crystals do n't clump , so the pee just sets in the tray . On day 5 when I change the tray , the catridge is full of waste , but all the saturated pee crystals are still in the tray . The arm does n't scoop them away because the crystals do n't clump.On the plus side , I still like this system - but just a little bit . I like the fact that I do n't have to scoop , but that 's about the only plus side to Scoop Free . Considering the cost of changing the trays every 5 days at $ 17 tray , it 's a very expensive solution for the `` small '' convenience of not having to scoop.Is it a bad system ? No , not at all . It 's worth trying if you have the money to spend . My biggest gripe is that the reviews and marketing on the brand which say the trays last 2 weeks -LRB- with 2 cats , or 1 month with 1 cat -RRB- are a stretch of the truth .
 I have two cats . They took to this style of litter right away . So I was pleased at first . Then I quickly realized these trays were not going to last as long as stated . I get 7 days , TOPS , out of one of these . By the end of 7 days , the cardboard liner is soaked , and the box smells VERY bad.After my local pet store ran out of refills -LRB- they said there was a production issue and were out for 2 MONTHS !!! -RRB- , I switched to the Forever Litter Tray.I would suggest buying the Forever Litter Tray that is sold here on Amazon . It is pretty much the same thing , but much cheaper in the long run . It is made of plastic , so you can empty it , hose it off , and refill it . Not only will this save me $ 100 's per year , it is better for the environment .
 I order this product on a subscribe and save basis . Until this order , I had never had any issues . This shipment came with only one tray refill -LRB- there are supposed to be six -RRB- . I returned the product and was issued a refund , or so I thought . Today I received an email stating that I am being charged for the product I supposedly did not return -LRB- I did , and it 's listed as such on my account -RRB- . I normally do not comment on products , and I have always been fairly lenient when it comes to orders . I know that things happen . The product itself is good , but I can not rationalize how i owe almost eighty dollars for a return order that was not correct in the first place .
 What ever you do , do not order this product ! The ScoopFree Trays are great , but the fulfillment process could not get the order straight even after two attempts.I have used the trays for over 5 years now and like the convenience and way the system works . I ordered the ScoopFree Litter Tray Refills with Premium Blue Crystals , Pack of 6 and the order came with only one tray . I thought this was a simple mistake , so I went through the inconvenient process of returning the original order and submitted a second order . The second order came again with only one of the pack of six trays that I ordered . To compound the frustration , there is no efficient way to return an order that was messed up , no chat or phone number or other way to communicate the problem to a human . A single tray costs only $ 15 , not $ 89 .
 Even with the lid under the tray , both get really soggy after just a few uses -LRB- before its ready to be changed out -RRB- . I 've had to put a pan liner under it to keep from getting the floor wet .
 I purchased the Scoopfree ` free ' litter trays from mail order . These were the original brown trays that do not leak urine . However the white -LRB- free -RRB- litter that is packaged with them is not great . I only have one cat and it did not last long at all without replacement . The second order I chose the white ` premium crystal ' litter trays . While the litter is much better the trays are horrible . The urine soaked through and was all over the floor underneath the trays . So my choice was to go back to the brown tray with substandard litter or find an alternative . I was able to find a permanent tray from -LSB- ... -RSB- I just replaced another ` premium ' urine soaked tray with this product . While some may find it a little inconvenient to dump the tray and refill I think its a small price to pay for the environment and not cleaning urine off the floor.I am very unhappy with ScoopFree 's customer service . I emailed to cancel my delivery subscription due the problems with the trays . They did not respond with any type of condolence . They just said they would be charging me $ 20 for early cancellation . Glad I found Forever Litter Tray !
 Look , it 's clear from the rest of the reviews that this product is awesome and I totally agree . I received the Scoop Free as a gift and it came with 4 refills . The machine and crystals worked like magic and I thought I was in heaven until I ran low on supplies and had to start budgeting for more litter . That 's when I found out expensive the replacement trays are
 I have been using Scoop Free Litter Cartridge for 6 months . I have one medium sized cat . Within two weeks of inserting a new cartridge the bottom on the box is soaked through with urine and the floor beneath the cartridge is wet . Because I need to change the cartridge every 10 days to prevent the leakage , the product is too expensive for me to continue to use.Considering the cost of the refills , a plastic box to replace the cardboard box would be a terrific improvement !
 WARNING!I can not understand how this product is allowed to be on the market . The following is an excerpt from a report on Snopes
 I have three gerbils , and they destroy cheap water bottles . It 's just a fact . They 're adorable little destructive monsters.So I bought this -LRB- substantially more expensive -RRB- bottle out of desperation . In the 45 days I 've had it , it originally workedbeautifully , but they do attempt to chew it from time to time -LRB- to break up the boredom of wood and cardboard , I guess -RRB- . Theyca n't get anywhere on the glass bottle itself , which is great , but the metal drinking tube is connected to the glass bottleby a hard plastic piece , which they do enjoy chewing on.At this point , they have gotten * almost * all the way through it . It does n't leak -LRB- yet -RRB- but it 's having more and more troublemaking a good seal when I refill it , and I do believe the leaks will come soon -LRB- I will update this review if/when that happens -RRB- . To be fair , it has lasted much longer than the cheaper water bottles , so there 's that , but I do n't understand why they do n'tmake the entire base out of metal , and solve this problem entirely . I would buy that in a heartbeat .
 The shipping of this product was very quick , so that was nice , but the quality of this glass bottle is terrible . It continuously leaks water into our cage and it is so cumbersome to attach to the side of the cage . We just threw ours away since it is not worth the money or time to return it .
 It was great bottle for about a month , but then the seal broke and the bottle started to leak . I like glass bottles because they feel more sanitary and less likely to grow bacteria , but the screw-cap on this bottle just lost it 's ability to seal properly .
 Cats do n't like the taste so it was a waste of energy and $ ; wish I had n't bought the item .
 I have 7 cats and all 7 cats refuse to eat it . What good is a product that you ca n't get your pet to eat . Do n't waste your money !
 With even the tiniest amount of this stuff in my cat 's food , he wo n't touch it . Says `` You cat will love it '' on the package , but they should have added that some cats will hate it.That was $ 15 down the drain . I 'll report to my cat 's vet that his suggestion sucked . He should have given us a small sample to try out first.My cat is FIV with liver disease . We have to try whatever we can . Be warned that your cat may not love it either.This review is only on the product , not the selling company . The package arrived quickly and in good order .
 For three weeks , I diligently added this to my cats ' wet food in the hopes of improving the one cat 's digestion/elimination troubles . They ate it ... reluctantly at first , then not at all . It 's incredibly rare for my cats to not eat their wet food , but by week 3 of this stuff , that was our world . Also , strange side effect that I can only attribute to this -- one of the cats started having tiny pellet stool instead of well-formed stool . Between those two things , we 've officially stopped using the product . On to the next supplement ...
 Used it just as directed on bottle and my 3 lb . Chihuahua was still anxious and never stopped shaking . She was panting just as she has done before when it rains and when riding in our car .
 It is supposed to calm my dog ... but you have to get him to sit in the same spot . I guess it would be good if I could just put him in the cage , but he wont stop barking . I had to get something stronger
 it never worked my 4 year old dog did n't calm down he ran from any area I sprayed lol so this will not work on a wild coco dog
 It makes no difference at all . My dog does acknowledge a scent , and sniffs around in his bed , but there is no calming affect .
 This did n't work for us . I sprayed it on my dogs stuff and I could n't see any difference in her behavior at all .
 I tried this product because it was half the price of the Frontline we usually use , but the results were less than stellar . It was supposed to kill the adult fleas within 24 hours , but 4 days later my short-haired dog still had a number of active fleas . We bought the same brand for our cats as well , with similar results . If you want low price , then take a gamble with this product , but be prepared to waste additional money when you have to switch back to good flea protection .
 I will never ever ever use this this or any other Hartz insect control product again . I did n't realize THIS was what was making my dog so sick till I stumbled on -LSB- ... -RSB- where I read heart breaking stories of other pets that either developed neurological disorders or died from using this . DO N'T DO IT !!
 I purchased both 6 month bio Spot on for Medium size 31 to 60 lbs and 6 month bio Spot on for puppies , toys and miniatures under 15 lbs I have two dogs weighing 50 lbs and 56 lbs I also have 3 very small inside dogs . I used a good dip about a week before applying the bio Spot . It 's been 30 days and the dogs all still have the fleas . I went into the bio Spot web site to find out if there was an expiration date because the packages I received were packaged in 2006 ... bio Spot says the product it good for 2 to 3 years if stored properly.Do The Math EXPIRED !!
 I picked up this product for my two dogs thinking perhaps I 'd save a few dollars as the price was right and it was on the shelf with another well known brand . I may have saved a few dollars and gotten rid of some fleas , but also got a good scare . Both dogs very quickly became lethargic and quite ill , so ill it was actually scary to watch them . I later learned more about the product and found there were more serious reactions to this product.There are warnings all over the back of the packages , including an emergency number provided by the company , Farnam . This is what is says about adverse reactions on the back of my package : `` Adverse Reaction
 I 'm always amazed that this product is still legal and that people purchase it . I 've worked at numerous vet hospitals and dog after dog visit emergency rooms due to reactions to this product . If you 're thinking , `` any topical product has risk of adverse reactions '' , consider that I never once saw a dog at the ER due to Frontline or Advantage . Yes , these brands are pricey , but for an obvious reason . A trip to an emergency hospital will cost you a lifetime 's supply of Frontline or Advantage . And money aside , my dog 's health and comfort are not worth that risk .
 Bought a year 's worth of bio spot and by July of last summer , our dog had fleas . We stopped bio spot and bought frontline . Frontline is worth the extra cost . We struggled to get the fleas/eggs out of our carpet , but even on the dog , the difference was between a lively , hard to grab flea and a slow moving , dying flea . Once we got them out of the carpet , we did n't see anymore fleas when using frontline .
 PLEASE DO N'T USE THIS PRODUCT ON YOUR PET ! Do an internet search , there are class action lawsuits pending due to this product killing people 's dogs!I thought this poison was off the market until I walked into Petsmart today and saw shelves full of the stuff , most of it specially priced as `` on sale '' . This killer product was introduced in 1996 . I purchased some approximately four years later and applied one dose to my standard poodle . Within a day she became lethargic and could hardly walk . I bathed her in a feeble attempt at removal of the chemicals and took her to the vet . Her organs were shutting down , she died . The vet told me that he had treated many dogs due to Bio Spot attacking their internal organs , most died.I called the company and spoke to someone that claimed to be their head chemist . Let 's refer to him as Doctor Kevorkian . He claimed that 90 % of the animals treated with it are OK . So I asked him ; a 10 % death rate is good by you huh ? Got no satisfaction from them so I contacted some government agencies , no luck there either .
 I hate giving bad reviews , but I bought for all 3 of my dogs -LRB- 3 different weights -RRB- and it did n't kill ONE flea . They are still crawling all over my dogs 3 weeks later . So Sad .
 I purchased this item as it was recommended by a friend . I put a dose on one of my dogs on 8-2-2010 . Today I checked the dogs as I usually do when we play and found fleas on the dog I had put the product on the 2nd . Both dogs will get bathed today and I will make a trip to the vets office to purchase the more expensive Frontline as I know it will work longer than 2 weeks .
 Bio spot does n't work . I bought it to try and save money . Guess you get what you pay for . Bought Frontline and it is excellent .
 I started using this product to save money . About 3 months into it , I got a reinfestation . Went back to the ultra expensive name-brand stuff and have n't seen another flea since.To be fair , the Vet said that ANY medicine can occasionally fail to prevent infestations ... none are 100 % fool proof . But I personally did n't have any lick with this one .
 I tried this product as a cheaper alternative to Frontline , but my 4 yr old , 35 lb mutt had a severe adverse reaction . I put the product on her before bedtime , and the next morning she was twitching , stumbling , and having trouble keeping her balance . A rushed trip to the vet , a deep clean shampoo , and a day of rest and she 's fine , but I would never recommend this product .
 I have used this product in the past with no problems , but this time my dog had a seizure 3 days after using this product . Not worth the risk !
 I 'm going to have to purchase Frontline . Still have fleas.Not a good product , will not buy again.xx xxx xxxx
 Never able to use this as it was made poorly and leaked even after following instructions carefully . Would not recommend .
 I bought this in hopes to kill fleas on my dogs . My dogs did n't even have that many fleas . I followed the instruction as it said and my dogs still had fleas . I even repeated the bath the next day and this shampoo did not do as it claims it is suppose to . I do not recommend using this product , do n't waste your money .
 Well , it was GREAT while it lasted . About an hour . Which is the case with all of these toys with the sound boxes in them . It is very unfortunate that the companies do n't find a way to better protect these boxes . I mean , they do realize that they are making these for DOGS , do n't they ??? Dogs with teeth ???!!!??? I do have a couple of other toys with the sound boxes that are still going strong , but they just say things like `` Ribbit '' and `` Cock a Doodle Do '' . Nothing as exciting as this one !!!! Anyway , I ordered this one because one of the reviews said that this one lasted his dog for a long time for some reason . I thought `` GREAT ! Just what I 'm looking for '' . He said he had a large dog -LRB- like me -RRB- . Well , I unfortunately did not have the same experience . I must say that my dog loved this toy so much for the hour that it worked though . His eye 's went almost crossed with excitement everytime that song would play ! LOL If they were n't so expensive , I would order another one , even knowing that it would only last an hour . But for the price I paid , I just can not do that . I will keep an eye to see if the price comes down , and then we 'll see .
 I ordered this product with expedited shipping for a compromised litter of bulldog pups . Although shipped in March , this product did not come with the `` polar box '' as promised . FedEx used a courier , as they sometimes do . Because the courier transported the package in the cab of his pick-up , the product arrived warm -LRB- it was packed in a standard box with some bubble wrap . -RRB- I contacted Revival Animal Health , and their oft-repeated response was that being it was n't over 90 degrees anywhere in the country , they did not include the polar box . I now have QUESTIONABLE PRODUCT with a Vendor that is refusing to take it back . My only option is to order from another Vendor . PRICE was NEVER the issue , but CUSTOMER SERVICE sure is . I ca n't speak to the product , but as to the supplier , NOT RECOMMENDED . I will not use them again . Very poor ethic , and it was apparent that the Customer Service Rep had NO CONCERN as to the integrity of the product they shipped . That 's an `` F '' in my book .
 My vet told me this works ~ 25 - 50 % of the time . Some dogs just do n't care . If you want to try this , do n't bother with the expensive marketing ! The main ingrediant in Forbid is MSG - like in Accent food additive . By some MSG at the store and see if that works for you . -LRB- Note
 2 Ingredients = Monosodium Glutamate and Wheat GluetonTwo of the most avoided human food consumption indegredients.You could go out and buy a bottle of accent flavor enhancerJust wow !
 I bought this for my year and a half old lab . She routinely eats her 3 year old sister 's poop , no matter what we do . The Forbid product did not stop the problem .
 I used this 20 years ago with a different dog and it worked great . But this time it did not work . I do n't know what changed .
 I have two shih tzu 's that unfortunately love to eat poo -LRB- their own or each others - gross ! -RRB- . I tried this product and went through a full month of adding it to their food and NOTHING . Do n't waste your money or your time , it did n't even decrease their `` habit '' in the least bit . I talked to my vet and she said she has had more success with the pineapple -LRB- 1 tbsp/day -RRB- and pumpkin -LRB- 2-4 tbsp/day -RRB- that any commercial food additive . On to the pineapple ...
 I have tried cayenne powder , garlic powder , brewer 's yeast , pineapple , and now Forbid , in the hopes that this would be the end of her poop eating . I 've even tried all of the above together . Guess this pup is going to be one of the statistics that did n't stop this habit . Ca n't catch her fast enough . Ugh .
 This did n't work for me either . I found the best way to prevent my puppy from doing the unthinkable was to walk him often and get him crate trained . Thus , I did n't give him a chance to eat **** . He eventually stopped doing it and we were able to train him to eliminate inside on a tray .
 she woould n't eat the dog food . she would eat the poop instead . Now she is out of the habit . . since i changed her diet
 This product did not work for my dogs . The battle against the poop eaters continues .
 I rescued a year old dog from my local humane society and discovered her stool-eating habit . I remembered seeing on tv that pineapple juice worked so I placed my order for Forbid and started using pineapple juice . Just a splash of pineapple juice in her food and the stool eating stopped within a couple days . I started using Forbid , and not only did she start eating stool again , she had horrible gas and diarrhea . What a waste of money , I ca n't believe I spent the money for this product when I paid $ 2 for a large can of pineapple juice that lasted longer and actually worked .
 I have been feeding my 10 weeks old golden retriever with this thing followed by the instruction for 4 days , but my pup can not stop eating her own poo . It should work within the first 2 days but clearly my dog did n't get the message . I would try a different brand because this thing wo n't stop my dog from being curious about her own poo .
 this product made my dogs have very bad diarrhea . i would not recommend to anyone . one of my dogs got so bad that he was bleeding and we had to take him to the vet , now 350 dollars later they are doing fine and im throwing away the forbid .
 These packets were recommended to me by our vet , but unfortunately they do not work on all dogs . My puppy is just as interested in her poop as she was before . I can barely scoop it up in time . I also tried Deter and it does not work either . Guess it depends on the dog .
 Product makes a dusty mess out of the dog 's dish and had no noticeable effect on dog 's disgusting habit . Also , ingredients are MSG and wheat gluten , not what I remember from the description , but I could be wrong about this . The description did say that the product does n't work for all dogs ; I 'm apparently one of the unlucky owners .
 I used it on all three of my dogs . It didnt work on any of them . I am sure it is a great product , I have heard that it doesnt work for everyone . Obviously this is true . But hey ... it was definately worth a try . I would suggest it to other people to try . It may work for them .
 My dog 's vet recommended this product and said it worked for his dogs . It did not work for mine and YES , I followed the directions . That said , it MAY work for your dog . The problem , as I see it , is the product is suppose to make poop taste bad . Say what ? I thought poop naturally tastes bad . Is this a government cover up ? Does poop actually taste good ?
 While this product may work for other dogs , it did not even slow down my dogs . It is worth trying , just be aware that it may not work for your dog .
 I was not happy with this purchase because the picture givin on the site and the actual product received are 2 different items . The picture is of a round water bottle -LRB- which is what I needed -RRB- the item I received is a rectangular water bottle . I already have a holder for a round bottle and just wanted a bigger bottle for same holder . Have n't figured out what I 'm gon na do with rectangular one yet . I decided to just keep it because it 's not worth the shipping and hassle to send it back . BTW ... the rectangular bottle itself is a good bottle ... just not what I ordered I dont think -LRB- same size but different shape -RRB- .
 This is a total piece of junk . Do not buy it . It was a huge pain to install . The `` tunnel '' that goes between the two sides did not fit . It was practically impossible to get together . Whoever designed this should commit hari-kari . Jerks
 We just installed the door and spent a half hour getting our cat to trust it . When she finally used it , the door immediately trapped her paw . When she tried to retract the paw , the door only clamped tighter , pinching her paw and causing her to howl in fear and pain . We 're furious at the poor design of this product . We 've removed the door and can not recommend installing it under any circumstances . Do not buy it .
 This cat door worked great - for a week . Then my cats busted through the `` locked '' door and broke the lock . Poorly made product . Do n't buy this unless you want to replace your entire door after a week of use !
 The flap would not stay in place even though my door fits the measurements . The screws provided are too tiny to stay in . The back panel is taped , so it falls off after about a week . I finally gave up and am now looking for a better cat door that will fit the hole I now have in my door .
 We have owned 3 doors like this.Door works , but does n't last . I echo the concerns the others have :1 -RRB- Locking mechanism is not robust . Mysteriously , the lock would go on by itself -LRB- maybe bumped by the cat -RRB- , locking the cat in or out unintentionally . This is rare , however . The locking mechanism has been useful because we have other outdoor cats nearby , and raccoons who will come into the garage .2 -RRB- The hard plastic door breaks on its hinge , VERY VERY easily . We are on our third door in 3 years . -LRB- The problem is , once you go through the trouble of cutting a hole in the garage door , you really do n't want to bother with switching to a different door ... so unless you are very handy , you pretty much get stuck with this particular door . That 's no good . -RRB- The customer service is good . If you call within 12 months , they send you a new one . But after 12 months , you are out of luck . The `` limited lifetime warranty '' is not spelled out , but it especially means 12 months . They 'll send you a door at `` cost '' , but that 's no better than going to the store and get one .
 I have another PetSafe cat flap that 's great . It has the red round locking mechanism . I 'll be purchasing another one like my first one.This item is a really bad product ! Wo n't fit my screen door which is 3/4 inch thick where the flap goes . This flap will not adjust closer than 1 inch so there is a 1/4 inch gap one one side of the door.The two sides of the frame do not connect together . The outside frame attaches to the door with adhesive strips . The inside where I have my gap screws to the door.The flap does not swing freely and sticks `` open '' going both ways.I 've modified the flap to try to make it work so can not return it . It 's going into the dumpster!I hate having to buy a product twice . Purchase a well made cat flap the first time . That 's still cheaper than buying one throw away and one good one .
 First off - The outside piece is supposed to be held on with double-sided sticky tape . When has that ever been a long term solution ? I ended up have to drive some screws through to make this work . Once you 've cut the hole , you 're kinda stuck with it . Secondly , the &#34; lock &#34; that keeps the door from opening from either side , both etc is very flimsy.Trust me , do not buy . It 's junk . Engineered by angry elves apparently .
 A year ago I bought the cat door , and it was a godsend . I needed to keep the cats in the laundry room during the night and when I am out of the house . They get into everything . At first they still managed to get through the door , after playing the blame game for a while `` oh you did n't lock the door again honey '' , we decided to set up a webcam and watch it one night and realized that the cats were using their heads and paws to bash it open . So we decided to put the flap behind the double prong lock part . It worked . Until the other day , the cats have managed to bash through the flap , while locked behind the double lock device , and break it . There is a crack right where the lock is supposed to hold it in place , so it no longer serves it 's purpose . I 'm absolutely furious because I have a baby now and they got into my fresh fruits/vegetables -LRB- her homemade foods -RRB- . I would never recommend this . Get a door with a pull out door thing such as for indoor/outdoor ones .
 Yes , it is easy to install . The closure mechanism is a little difficult to switch back and forth . My main problem is that my medium sized dog has gotten in through it and broke the hard plastic flap ... I have gone through two of them so far . Now , I looking for a door with a flexible flap , because I do n't believe there are replacement parts for this one .
 The door having the ability to lock in four different ways is a great idea , however , the mechanism is very difficult to switch from one locking position to another once the door is installled . In some cases , the mechanism will not shift at all , better off just getting the flap door at a cheaper price .
 The mechanism does n't work . If you set it to open , it can get jostled -LRB- by , say , a cat -RRB- into a locked position . Whoops -- you just locked out your cat .
 I installed this in my dining room to basement door to give access to a litter box in the basement.My cats like to paw at the switch . They are actually able to lock the door themselves . My cat locked himself out of the basement and ended up peeing all over my bed because he could n't get to the litter box.As a partial solution , I will be moving the switch to the basement side of the door . I think the switch should n't be so bulky though .
 This cat door is very tricky to get to the right position -LRB- in only , etc. -RRB- and recently the sliding knob just broke off . So now I 'm in the market for a new door .
 As others have stated , this is a cheaply made cat door , do n't buy it . Besides the terribly designed locking mechanism , the door you install this in must be exactly a certain thickness , otherwise the front and back halves will not mount properly . In addition , the back half does not even screw into the door or the other half , instead , it is held on by taping it to the door ! If you 're trusting like me , you 'll realize all this after you cut the hole in the door .
 This door was a great idea , but it is very poorly made . If I lock the door , for instance to keep our cats upstairs when we have company , the cats will just paw at the door until finally they somehow worked the screws out and knocked the face off of the door . It does not work for hollow-core doors AT ALL ! I do n't know if any other brands would work for hollow-core doors , but this one certainly does not .
 Lock mechanism broke after one day . Made a jimcrack replacement , but as others here attest , the switch is a problem . Door popped out of alignment , came out of frame . A total waste of money . Much happier with the `` Ideal Pet '' brand version of this item .
 My twin boys enjoyed this toy for a while , but I noticed that the paint on the key fob was chipping off . The toy is designed for young , teething babies . Having the paint chip off in their mouths is unacceptable ! Based on the poor construction of this item , I do not recommend it .
 I ca n't really rate the quality or effectiveness of this product as my dog would n't have anything to do with it . She is aging and getting very thin . She is a light and picky eater , so I was trying to find a way to get some extra calories in . All the reviews about the finicky dog devouring this sounded great , but my dog would n't eat it in her food , or lick it off my finger . When I touched a smidge to her lips to get her to taste it she was VERY put out .
 I have a dog that suffers from bouts of severe anorexia and problems related to an unknown liver and kidney disorder . I bought this product because of its claims in helping to get dogs to eat and also it use as an electrolyte supplement . If I would have been able to see the ingredients before I had bought this product I would never have had made this purchase in the first place . The reason I say this is because Dyne contains propylene glycol and this chemical is a form of ` safe ' antifreeze , but it is banned for use in cat products because it causes a disorder known as Heinz body anemia -LRB- which dogs can also get from eating onions -RRB- . Since my dog already has kidney & liver damage & hemolysis of his blood , I would never feed him something that would complicate his condition . It should be policy that ever eatable product -LRB- regardless if it is for human or animal consumption -RRB- should have all of its ingredients listed and its source country listed , as well .
 i first recieved the dyne very quickly but when i openned the box the bottle was open and leaked everywhere . a replacement was supposed to be sent but it never was . bad seller . i didnt even bother calling them because i relized it wouldnt even help . i just took it as a loss of $ 20 .
 I read all the comments and information and then purchased this for a cat that is having trouble eating . I feed him baby food meats but thought this might help.It was n't until I received the bottle that I could read ... on the bottle ... that it is not recommended for cats and kittens.I would love to have read this before I ordered the item
 I ordered two crate bowls to compare
 It 's a little too pointed and sharp for my dog . I use different tools -LRB- plastic comb , furminator and brushes -RRB- , however every time I use this one she gets up and leaves even though I use it very cautiously . I have a Bernese , so lots of hair . I think my plastic comb and furminator work much better .
 I 've purchased numerous Safari flea combs in the past - I found them to be a quality product whose teeth combed through any dog 's hair.But this comb is a disappointment = there 's no space between a number of the teeth , meaning that section of the comb is as ineffective as a comb with missing teeth . If I 'm not picking up loose hair , it 's a sure bet the comb is skipping over fleas .
 I do n't care for this flea comb . It is ok to use as a regular comb for a short haired dog . I have a regular small tooth metal one that I purchased from vet and it works . This one does n't . I wanted an extra to keep in the car for his encounters at the dog park . This is n't something I would recommend .
 I bought several flea combs at once to find a good one since I could n't tell from pictureswhat the teeth spacing was like or the quality of the combs . My dog had a thick doublecoat and I was concerned about being able to comb through to get fleas since combing himwould result in a comb full of the undercoat hairs no matter how much he was brushed prior.This is a review of Safari Flea Comb for Dogs with wood handle.This flea comb seems to have a bigger space between the teeth , and did n't remove fleasas easily as other combs . Also it rusted fast within the first week of use.I used the comb along with bathing of my dog since with wet fur it was easier to spotthe red-brown fleas or Dog Flea -LRB- Ctenocephalides canis -RRB- that are more flat with fatrears . Dog fleas ' strategy was to grip the fur and stay on , making me have to comb several times on the flea to try to dislodge it , Sometimes the fleawas very good and scraping and combing the flea would take awhile to get it loose.Also , this comb is n't very useful for Cat fleas -LRB- Ctenocephalides felis -RRB- since thosecat fleas have smaller black bodies that are narrow and easily crawl out of the teeth tohop away if I did n't thrust my comb into soapy water fast enough , and yes I tried to getthem in the soap water asap , into a separate bowl . Fleas are sneaky and like to crawlup the dog to air if the dog is sitting in water , soap water also makes it harder forthe black colored Cat Flea to use its wings for a big hop away escape.Bottom line is this comb was a big disappointment and waste of money.The best comb that I wish I had and knew about years ago was an all metal flea comb -LSB- -LSB- ASIN
 I bought these at superpetz , I figure at 6.99 they would be decent clippers , not a chance . Now I have to return them and that is why I am here :-RRB- Looking at the reveiws to get a good pair .
 My puppies nails got thicker and the clippers almost twisted apart cutting . Not much force . He 's only 7 lbs ... so that 'll tell you about how big the nails were .
 I was really excited when I ordered this product . It just sounded too good to be true . To my great disappointment , it had no effect whatsoever on my stock tank . Would n't recommend it .
 Both of my fifteen year old cats refuse to eat the tablets and they are too big to force them to swallow the tablets . These are really more the size for a larger dog .
 I love Goldenfeast products , and that is the parrot food manufacturer whose products I usually buy in bulk . I thought I 'd try a different blend . What a waste ... way too many tiny seeds , probably a quarter of the container is seeds too small for my parrots . Too small to use it as it is or cooked ... This might be appropriate for song birds , canaries , finches , or even love birds , but not my Pionus . What a waste of money ...
 Because I have an eclectus and need so badly for high-quality , nutritious `` crunch '' -LRB- outside his standard fruits/veggies -RRB- that is n't fortified , I 'd been buying this product religiously , both on Amazon and from the local pet store.I just ca n't anymore . It does n't matter whether it 's bagged or in the plastic container . Where the source is . Each time , it is close to its expiration date and already looking/smelling/feeling OLD , plus now , a year past the last time I purchased it , I 'm still dealing with the moth infestation in my home from it.Once again , regardless of the packaging and the purchase source , this thing is chock-full of nasty larvae , and I STILL battle the moths from it.This could have been the superior product I needed , but due to extreme lack of quality control , I 'm off it.Permanently .
 Although the furminator works , my cats hate when I use it . They do n't like the feel of it and it was a waste of money . If your cats do n't like it , you ca n't use it .
 FURminator deShedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for CatsThe worst -- a 6 '' bald spot on the back of our cat -- literally bald . We threw it away .
 My two cats hated being brushed with the FURminator . They have sensitive skin and did n't like the feel of the brush . I went back to the old brush and they love that .
 I ordered this item a couple of months ago . It never arrived . I wrote a negative review of the company . I got a personal call from someone named Scott -LRB- as I remember -RRB- . He apologized and said that if I would retract the negative review he would send me the Furminator at no charge . I thought that was decent . Well ... for the second time no product ever arrived . By that time I 'd had time to ask around and learned that most of my friends did not like the product unless you wanted to scalp your cat . Some people might like this product and find it useful . If you do just do n't buy it from a flakey company .
 I received my FURminator today , and my two cats are `` standing in line '' to let me use it on them . It is great ! Be sure to have a place handy to put all of the cat hairs you are gathering - a box , a baggie , a sack - , as they come off really fast and in big globs . Much better than a brush because the `` tongs '' , `` tines '' , `` thingys that grab the fur '' are really a short distance apart - maybe 1/8 to 1/16 inch apart.Great product !
 Item was noted as `` in stock '' when I ordered it . After it had not arrived in two weeks time , I e-mailed the seller . After several attempts to reach the seller , I was told the item was back ordered . I canceled the order and bought the item at my local pet store .
 Finally a product that really works , unbelieveable the amount of hair it removed from both my cat and my dog - I recommend it highly .
 I wanted a brush . Meaning something to remove fur not cut it off . I gave one kitty a bald spot , so I know it was n't just removing the already shed hair . Otherwise he 'd be bald every time I bath him . It explains the mountains of fur in the commercials but was very disappointing . I suppose if you want to thin out your pet 's fur it could be useful , if you have a regular comb hand for after wards .
 The product info seems to dance around this a bit . This tool removes the undercoat . The undercoat keeps your pet toasty when it gets chilly . I do n't mind the idea of removing undercoat hair that has already come loose but this thing strips it all out . I bought one , tried it briefly , then tossed it . I have a coworker who told me they got rid of theirs after his wife absentmindedly combed their cat while on the phone . The result was a kitty w / a bald spot .
 I bought the blue model for my Maine Coon Cat , and found it does remove a lot of hair , but the cat for some reason HATES it . Oddly it removes tons of hair even when my cat is not shedding . Typically she will jump up on the toilet seat so I can groom her with a slicker brush . She typically purrs to show her appreciation . However , with the Furminator , the cat acts as though I am trying to mutilate her . Whenever she sees me pick up the Furminator , She shoots straight out of the bathroom and under the bed . So yesterday I took the Furminator to my office and looked at the edge with the microscope . It looks to be basically a cutting edge 40mm long -LRB- about 1 and 1/2 inch -RRB- like a single edged razor blade , but rather crudely sharpened , with 41 comb-like pointed steel projections , each 3mm long -LRB- as measured from the razor edge out to the point -RRB- The projections make it impossible for the sharp edges to cut anything but hair , not even the most delicate fold of skin , as the distance between projection points is less than a millimeter . The 41 little cutting edges between the points are actually almost `` V '' shaped , like devices used to cut string . Years ago I carried a device called a Trim Comb when I traveled overseas to give myself haircuts . It was a razor blade in a plastic clam-shell holder with plastic comb-like projections and worked well for keeping my hair at one even length . Furminator seems similar , but with more and shorter teeth , and all milled out of a single block of steel . This device looks to me obviously for CUTTING hair , and , I suspect , has little to do with shedding , except , I suppose , that SHORT hair shed around your house is less obvious than LONG hair shed around your house . I suppose it is possible that , not being as sharp as a razor blade , the Furminator rips some hair out by the root , which may account for my cat 's bad reaction , though I think it more likely that the cat realizes she is being given a HAIRCUT instead of being BRUSHED , and she HATES haircuts . Dogs may be more forgiving , but I ca n't recommend Furminator for cats , if for no other reason than they really do n't like it .
 This was a fake . I could n't believe it was soooo much cheaper than in the pet stores ... and now I know why . I did some comparison after giving in and paying for the real thing and other than the packaging which was clearly fake ... there were also differences in the comb . I was mostly concerned about hurting my cat so wo n't be using it . Just wanted others to know .
 I 've seen the videos and there are people who swear by it . I thought the price was rather high for something that could be done almost as well as by a flea comb . I found this cat Furminator for a significantly reduced price and purchased it . I 'm not super impressed by it , and my vet told me about a client who had nearly Furminated her cat bald , so maybe I am a bit too hesitant with it on my own cats . I think I like my flea comb just as well .
 The brush is effective in removing fur , but it seems to irritate my cat 's skin - no matter how gently I brush , he does n't like it and will wriggle away . -LRB- The comb has sharp metal teeth . -RRB- So I ca n't use it unfortunately .
 Do n't bother with this product . I can get some fur out of my two cats , but not nearly as much as the old brush . In this case a picture was NOT worth a thousand words !
 TOO HEAVY AND HURTS THE CAT . THE CAT WILL NOT LET YOU BRUSH HER BECAUSE THE METAL ON IT HURTS HER WHEN YOU HIT HER BONE .
 I purchased the 3/4 '' Furminator based on a glowing recommendation from a friend and am now terribly disappointed . It simply does not remove fur from my cats as well as I had hoped . Perhaps my expectations were too high ? I have paid less for combs and brushes and gotten better results . The furminator is now lost in a junk drawer somewhere in my home with other disappointing purchases . = - -LRB-
 It did n't help with his knots , and actually seemed to create more knots as his underfur got loosened but not removed . He seemed to hate getting brushed , which is not usually the case .
 I have 2 cats -LRB- one is a tabby mutt , one is a Maine Coon mix -RRB- and a small apt ... so I know a thing or two about clouds of cat fur . I was a bit nervous about spending $ 30 on a brush , but this product has tons of awesome reviews . I had it for several day and it did n't do anything . It did n't remove any more fur than a regular brush . The cats did n't like how rough I had to be to remove any fur . In fact , I have a retractable travel brush that works WAY better than this , and my cats love it.Upon closer inspection I realized it was just a blade from an electric clipper attached to a stick . Seriously , take a close look . If this works for your pet , buy your favorite shaver blade and glue it to a stick and you 'll save your self a some money . Or better yet do what I do in the summer ... shave the cats lion style ! No shedding , AND they 're full of vigor !
 My cats do not like it at all . They wo n't even let me near them with it.Don ' t waste your money . Check outShedMonster De-Shedding Tool for Medium to Long Coats1 ,000 times better . My cats love the ShedMonster .
 I was disappointed . My cat is long haired and I found I was giving her a razor hair cut rather than combing out all the loose hair . She 's a heavy shedder and she hates being combed or brushed . I was hoping this device would make it easier but I 'm back to square one .
 My cat loves to be brushed so I did n't think this would be any different . However , she runs away every time she see me get out the furminator and makes unhappy cat noises when I try to use it . I tried being very gentle with it because it seemed to hurt her when I used it as shown in demonstration videos -LRB- making sure not to go over the same spot too many times -RRB- but then it just does n't get any hair at all . I 'll probably give this away and try one of the competing products that are supposed to not pull on the skin as much .
 Implied claims of allergy improvement should be doubted , as evidence is wanting that Furminator works better than any other washing or grooming technique in eliminating dander and saliva dust.Furminator will indeed yank out a lot of fur -- but I wonder whether it 's inadvisable to do so in autumn , when for example longhaired cats are building up their winter coats . Might such cats with winter outside access get chilled?This is a coat-thinning tool , the use of which should be thought out carefully . It seems unsuitable for standard grooming or snarl/rat/tangle removal per se.The precision-machined toothed blade resembles the stator of a standard handheld electric clipper . Blade is very hard & sharp and could cause injury -LRB- to user or pet -RRB- if moved forcefully/suddenly around eyes , ears , and head or underbelly where there is little to no undercoat.Despite discounts the gadget still seems IMO overpriced.I always had the impression that Furminator was forcefully removing fur that would naturally have stayed attached , not so-called `` dead '' hair as some reviewers believe . So after a few uses I shelved the Furminator and went back to a standard plastic-tipped metal-bristle brush . I no longer fear hurting our flame-point ragdoll with a slip of the tool , and she rather enjoys and stands still for ordinary brushing-away of truly loose fur .
 I HAVE A VERY LARGE CAT-SOME PEOPLE THINK HE ' A RACOON.MY CO-WORKER TOLD ME ABOUT THE FURMINATOR.AT FIRST I THOUGHT IT WAS A MOVIE BUT WENT TO AMAZON AND BOUGHT THE `` BRUSH '' WELL NOT ONLY DID IT GET ALL THE EXCESS `` FUR '' BUT HE LOOKS 20LBS LIGHTER.AND HE JUST LOVES TO GET `` FURMINATED `` RICK
 This arrived broken ; I made no effort to replace it because I 'm so busy , but I was disappointed .
 ok maybe this product would be great if you only used it on the cat outside the house . I know someone who loves this brush but he has a cat that regulary hangs out in the yard and he uses it in the yard . Lord knows what he does when its cold outside !? For my cats who are afraid of the outside its a horrible mess . I like to brush my cat when we do our daily snuggling on the couch and I can watch tv and brush her at the same time . Forget about watching tv with this ! I have to focus so much on trying to get the loose hair under control . My cat loves it , it pulls out tons of hair but doesnt grab it and if it does it fills up after a few strokes . Then i grab the loose cat fur in my hand and try to put it in the trash but it sticks to my hand , and I have to shake my hand then cat fur is flying all over the place and everything is covered in cat fur , the floor , the couch , me and even the dog ! -LRB- the dog has very short fur so it doesnt work on him . This is not for people with bad allergies if they can only brush the cat inside . And be prepared to do some vacumming every time after you do this . Brushing your cat daily is a great help for allergy sufferes but theres no point if your couch is as hairy as the cat afterwards .
 This product seems to be good for thinning a pets fur NOT removing loose hair . It looks like one half of a hair cutting buzzer . Read the description
 I bought this for my long-haired Maine Coon who loves to be brushed/combed . It works just as described . -LRB- Even on a short haired tabby who does n't like to be brushed . -RRB- My MC loved it . I loved having less hair around the house . However , after a couple of months of regular use , I noticed that he was matting up on his hind legs . This had never been a problem before.I 'd work the mats out , only for them to return . A couple were so bad they had to be cut out . There was one so tight I could n't cut or work it out . It had to have been painful for him.As soon as the weather warmed up , I had to have him shaved -LRB- At the cost of $ 120 -RRB- . That one mat was so bad , it left a longterm `` bruise '' in his fur/skin . It 's been almost a year since and the matting has not returned . I have not used the Furminator in that time either.The only thing different in our lives was the use of the Furminator . So my guess is that it caused this problem .
 The small design does n't work well for my 2 cats . The comb itself is too small and the hair does n't stay in the prongs . It goes all over you ! I do n't recommend this brush .
 I get about as much excess fur off my long-haired cat with his slicker brush , and he enjoys that . He hates the furminator . Waste of money ; get a good self-cleaning slickerbrush .
 I ordered this along with the yellow one for my small Himalayan cat and this purple one does n't work at all . I 'll donate it to the cat shelter . I use only the yellow one on him now .
 It was way too small.But the other size available , I thought would be too large . I should 've returned it , but I 've lost alll of the paperwork that came with it .
 I had tried a Furminator my sister owned , and bought this one thinking it was the same thing . It was n't . I really like the brand , but this particular product was staticky , so the fur stuck to it and to my hand , which made it really hard to use . While it worked for getting out some of the fur , the short teeth seemed to really irritate my cat , to the point where he tried to bite me -LRB- the one I tried before did n't have either of those problems -RRB- . I 'm going to have to see what my sister bought and pay the premium to get that model , wherever I can find it .
 You of course can not read the instructions or test the item unless you open the package . If the item is unsuitable it can not be returned because the company will not accept returns on open packages ,
 I have not found the FURminator to be much better than other combs on the market -LRB- especially several from Bamboo -RRB- that cost much less.I do n't know if others have had a similar problem , but my FURminator had several broken tines and many more bent tines within a couple of months of use even though it had never been dropped or handled roughly . My cat seemed to be able to tell because she would no longer allow me to use it on her , though she did seem to love it when I first got it .
 Based on the description of the product and other reviews here , I expected something that -LRB- a -RRB- would n't leave bleeding furrows in my arm if I tried it on myself and -LRB- b -RRB- would actually work on my cat.I read the very meager instructions very carefully and did my best to follow them , yet the thing got stuck in my cat 's fur almost immediately . That upset her quite a bit and I did n't see her again for over a half hour . I was curious if it was as comfortable to her as described , so I tried it on my own forearm -LRB- as described in something I read about it , here or elsewhere -RRB- . It turned out that the steel tips are VERY sharp , so much so that I accidentally cut myself with it on my first attempt . When I manage to scrape it along without actually cutting my skin it still hurt , both due to the sharp metal and my arm hairs getting caught in the teeth and pulled out by the roots instead of being cut as they should have been.So , this thing might be great for pets with very tough skins -LRB- rhinos , elephants , water buffalo , etc. -RRB- for for a little kitty cat ? No way.I considered trying to return it but there were a few reasons why I did n't bother
 Wooo boy ! I was n't sure what to expect with this product , but it has turned out to be a little more time consuming and work intensive than I imagined it would be . Maybe it 's just the temperament of my cats , but they did n't want to sit still for the brushing . This would n't be too bad , except that the tool is unwieldy and heavy . I also had to stop several times to clear the hair in order for it to be effective.The brushing surface is n't very wide so I could n't cover but one small area at a time . So , between convincing my cats to cooperate , stopping to clear the hair from the tool , and the time it took to actually get used to the tool while brushing the whole cat , there was a definite learning curve!I will say this , though . It most certainly does remove hair that I had no idea could be removed and I easily had another cat 's worth of hair when I was done ! Uh , and use this tool outside !
 Product definitely got hair but it was almost like thinning your hair . Not like combing it out . It seems to me that a good bath and brushing worked better for my four himalayians . it was ok but not worth the money .
 This product is very hard to use . Plus my animals hate being combed with it . Also very hard to clean . Not my favourite tool . I do n't use it very much .
 ello , I noticed a few teeth were missing after about 6 mouths use . I have 3 cats and groom weekly . Actually the area is quite sharp and I will stop using , just buy a WALMART knockoff . Emailed the company here is the response ... Why do they assume the consumer is at fault , and they admit their product is easily broken for a $ 40 retail item this is bad - they OFFER NO WARRANTY !!! ~ ! What year is this ??? Thank you for your email . We take great pride in manufacturing high quality , professional grade products that last the lifetime of the pet when properly cared for . The teeth on the deShedding edgeare fragile and can break easily if accidently dropped or used on pets with mats or tangles . Because of this , FURminator Inc. does not offer replacement edges at this time . I do have a few questions that will help me understand the circumstances under which the teeth bent and broke on your deShedding tool.Has your deShedding tool ever been dropped or accidentally fell on the floor ? What species and breed of pet do you use your deShedding tool on ? Where did you purchase your deShedding tool ? How often do you use your deShedding tool ? What size and color deShedding tool do you own?I look forward to hearing from you and helping to resolve this issue . Thanks and have a great day!Thanks ,
 I was so excited to get this product , and jumped right in , and basically before I realized it , my poor cat Joey , a purebred Abyssinian , was bald on his back . I had inadvertently pulled out ALL of the undercoat on his upper back . His regular hair was still there , but he looked like Joe Biden before his plugs were put in ... I had also done some damage to my two other kitties as they wandered in out and out of the blitz . The FURminator does not hold the hair like a traditional brush , so there 's hair EVERYWHERE ... it should be used outside but my kitties are indoor only so that is not going to happen . I think that if you take a couple of swipes a week that the product will do what it 's supposed to do , but it 's a mess to clean up . You have to be careful that you do n't leave giant chunks of loose fur ON the cat -- obviously the cat is going to lick it off and then your hairball problems will be even worse . So ... maybe this is a great thing for dogs that are in the middle of a giant molt , but for my kitties , not so much ! I will have it around for the springtime shed , but will use it only sparingly and will have the vacuum cleaner at hand to clean up the mess .
 I 've been using a regular wire brush on my shorthair cat for years , and bought this because it sounded miraculous and I was curious why everyone loved it so much . After using it now for two weeks , I dislike it and the cat dislikes it too.It 's true that the tool does specifically target undercoat -- it 's kind of cool to see how only undercoat hair comes out on each stroke . And because it has a narrow width , it allows you to specifically target smaller areas.On the other hand , it 's very static-y . Each swipe of removed hair stands on end , gets on my clothes , and makes a huge mess . Because each swipe needs to be immediately cleaned off the brush , it was difficult to hold the cat with one hand and brush her with the other.The comb blade is heavy and hard . This might be good on a larger animal with a large surface area , but it looks very uncomfortable for my small shorthair cat . She tries to get away from this thing no matter how gently I use it , and she normally loves to be brushed.Frankly , I found it to be a waste of money and I 'm going back to using a regular wire brush .
 I bought this item based upon the mostly enthusiastic reviews here . If I knew before I bought it what I know now I would not have bought it . I have a Maine Coon cat , and even though I started regular grooming of her when she came to live with me at nine weeks old , she has never been happy about being combed/brushed . I know ; some cats apparently love it so much they will follow you around pestering to be groomed . So , grooming is a challenge anyway and the FURminator is very unpopular with Meg and also with me to a great extent . It does get out a fair amount more of hair than the regular grooming comb I have always used BUT it creates immense static electricity with the very first pass through the fur and it just keeps getting worse . The hair drifts , in spite of me , onto my arms , clothes and face and it is nearly impossible to get it to stay on the towel that I use under Meg while grooming . And , as far as the belly hair , tail hair , leg hair -- forget about it ! Not going to happen . So , when I finish using this wonder tool -LRB- ha ! -RRB- I do a final comb-through with her normal grooming comb . I hoped to reduce the vomiting of hairballs but the reverse has been true ; she actually is throwing up hairballs several times a week instead of every couple of weeks . So , I give the FURminator a thumbs-down . I will continue to use it because I invested too much money , even at the Amazon price , to throw it away .
 difficult to use . Used it until the cat would ` nt hold still anymore and did not notice any difference in shedding .
 I used the Furminator on two different cats - one with Maine Coon-like long hair and the other short . Notwithstanding that both cats equally despise this brush -LRB- but love their regular brush -RRB- it seems to work a lot better on the short hair . The LH cat , OTOH , it pulls out the tufts of hair that I would n't get with the regular brush , but the cat still walks around with poofs of her fur flying everywhere because the Furminator just does n't grab the hair the way the regular brush does.I was n't impressed with this product and was even less impressed with the obvious price gouging going on . It 's just * not * worth the money because I see no discernible difference between this cutesy named product versus a regular wire brush .
 This product has a razor like base and it does n't deshed the fur , it actually cuts it , take a piece of dental floss and put it between the grates and pull , it cuts like a razor , BAD PRODUCT , do n't waste your money , and on top of that , once you open the package you ca n't return it ... so much for the retailer .
 They send a knock off brand one to me . Some no name de-shedding tool . It looks similar and has the same 1.75 '' edge . But really ? You cant send what you advertise ? It still works and I 'm not gon na bother sending it back and waste more money on shipping .
 I was not impressed . I was very gentle with this item , it ripped the fur out of the coat and I have three longhairs - One Maine Coon and two non-descript . I returned this piece for my money back . I returned to the brush that two of them love mild or rough on their bodies - they flip on their tummies for the rubber one -LRB- Kong Zoom Groom For Cats -RRB- - it collects hair , but gets dirty . I think this comb would be great , but the first cat stopped this short and when I picked it back up she ran under the bed . It might work on thin hair -LRB- Siamese or others -RRB- , but the Maine Coon said NO WAY !
 After reading all the other reviews I could n't wait to get my hands on this ... but it was n't ` all that ' for me and my long haired cats . The Furminator took off less fur than the wire brush I had already been using ! Maybe it has to do with they type of hair/fur , who knows ? Obviously it works great for some people , but it was n't worth $ 20 to me . I 'll be passing it on to a friend in hopes they have better luck with it .
 I was really excited about this brush but my cat freaks out every time I approach him with it . At first he would let me brush him a little , but with each use he got more and more upset . It really seems to `` pull '' his fur out , which can leave him looking groomed , at least the parts I can get to before he starts clawing the heck out of me ! He has never responded to brushing like this before and it is obviously painful , no matter how gentle I try to be . I am returning it .
 I was very excited to get one of these since the reviews were pretty good . I have two cats , a Birman which has a very , very fine medium length fur and a non-breed short hair who has fine fur.I knew that the comb would be a bit heavy as opposed to a regular comb or brush but it is sort of uncomfortable using it on a small animal such as an 8 and 13 pound cat . It worked okay on the short hair but when I used it on the Birman the fur flies everywhere with each and every stroke ! I also noticed that it actually cuts the fur shorter rather than remove the undercoat so I stopped using it .
 It is ok . The price is way too high for the performance it provides . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 After reading the reviews and seeing this product in stores , I thought it would be something spectacular , yet it was not.My cat normally loves to be brushed and will walk right around me as I groom him , however , my cat definitely is is n't a fan of this product . I would have to hold him still , which is extremely uncommon , and I had to apply little pressure to avoid irritating him . I could handle that flaw if the product truly out-shined other brushes , but my regular brush is just as effective!Another problem I experienced is that it does n't just collect shedding fur , it creates more shedding fur . I 'm assuming this is because the tool cuts hair . one might think that 's a positive since more hair is being removed and that I quit grooming him too soon , but that is n't the case . I spent a good two hours grooming my cat and new fur continuously surfaced . Due to the products inability to capture the fur it uproots , loose fur remains everywhere on my cat and falls off in the house more than ever . This basically requires you to have an ordinary brush to collect loose fur anyways.I 'm hoping the product will surprise me , which is why I have n't given up on it completely yet . Although the odds are n't looking good . I do n't know how the majority of reviewers found this product to be four or five stars , but do n't be fooled by the hype ; it 's not even close to being worth the money !
 I bought this after reading the other reviews . I had high expectations . But truthfully I seem to gather more hair all over my fingers and face by just petting my cat than by using this product . I 'm going to just buy a brush ...
 It works alright . But my cats do n't seem to like it too much , even though I am being very careful to be gentle with it and not hurt them . They purr , but then they kinda squirm to get away as well.The main reason I am giving it a lower rating is that the pictures are WAY misleading . You do not typically get anywhere near that much fur shedded . And if you did , your cat would probably hate you.Disclaimer
 I have two cats - one who is very particular about how he 's held and petted , and the other who does n't care how he 's held , as long as he 's being petted . Of course the particular one did n't like this brush , which was not a surprise , even though many of the reviews I saw indicated that the animals `` loved '' this brush . The real surprise was the `` non-particular '' cat , who also did n't like being combed with this product , even though he 'll let me hold him upside-down as long as I 'm petting him . But he got up and walked away from this brush .
 I purchased the Furminator De-shedding Tool for my Cat Sailor few weeks ago . I heard allot of great things about it so we went along with getting one and to my surprise the tool is an absolute waste of money . Do n't be fooled into buying one of these like I was it does not work like they claim it does!Ryan
 I bought this brush after several family members raved about it . I have a long haired cat who loves to be brushed . I was brushing her last night -LRB- like I would regularly do -RRB- and the brushing left a large bald spot on her back . She purred the entire time , so I know she was not in pain . I am horrified that a product made for cats would be this harsh . No wonder it 's called a `` deShedding Tool '' - she ca n't shed if she has no fur ! I would not recommend this product unless you want a bald pet !
 While the FURminator is unparalleled in it 's ability to pull cat hair out of my cat it works only so good when there are broken teeth in the comb and the teeth are bent over . If it were not for these defects the product and order process was flawless .
 After reading all the reviews , I thought this would be the savior . Unfortunately , it was not wide enough nor did it really grab the hair all that well .
 This is no better than a brush you can buy for ~ $ 7 at a regular store . Do n't waste your money . It works , but there 's nothing extraordinary about it .
 I ordered this in small , i received large . I contact the seller , he promise to send me the correct one that almost 6 month ago . So you decide , me i am done with this seller .
 Even tho it said it was a ` large ' it was for a 12 lb . dog . Be aware .
 Toys are not attached well at all . They either fell off or the cat pulled them off in a few days . Also was tipped over very easily .
 I got this toy for my very playful cat . The first day he was excited by every time he tried to play with it , the thing tipped over and my cat got bored . The items do n't stay on and fall off easily and after the first day my cat ignored it completely .
 The directions were terrible , just badly photocopied pictures of what the final installation looked like without walking you through it . It seemed pretty straightforward , though.It is possible that if I had been more familiar with this brand of gate , I would not have had the same problems . One side of our stairway is wrought iron so I bought one kit . I saw in the product description they tell you the maximum measurement the bolts will fit around , which is the size of the last post on our railing . The plan was that if the bolts did n't fit there , I would put it at the next to last post , mounting the gate at an angle . In theory , that should have worked . It did not . The bolts did n't fit , but when I put the wood on the next post and placed it where it had to go , the pre drilled holes in the wood interfered with the gate itself . The holes are not spaced at the same length from the top and bottom so I tried both ways . Neither worked . I probably could have drilled new holes in the wood but if I had the equipment to do that , I would n't have bought this kit . if I had not already mounted the stationery side to the drywall on the other side , and reversed it so that the stationary side was on the wrought iron , I think it would have worked . Instead , I ended up finding zip ties and running that through the holes in the wood and securing it that way to the final post in the railing . So that was a lot of money for only a block of wood .
 This is a quality leash but gave it a low rating to indicate it is not for small dogs . Have a 5 pound Pomeranian and the problem is that the leash is rather stiff so when the small dog pulls a bit , the leash tightens but will not release when you take the tension off so dog is choking . It is great for larger dogs . Also have a 20 pound cockapoo and it is super for her . Be very careful if you try to use it on very small dogs . For larger dogs would rate it five stars .
 I went to a very large pet chain store and was looking to buy a new slip collar for my small breed 10 lb dog . I thought this would be a convenient combination , collar and leash . The price at this chain store was high for what you get . It was priced at $ 19.99 . I tried it out a few days after I purchased it . I found that once it was in use as a collar , this shortens the length of the leash obviously . I was taken back at how short the leash is . Also even though my dog is what would be considered a small breed at 10 + lbs full grown , the width of the leash is too narrow to have a comfortable experience with this leash . Also it states there is a slip catch of sorts , to work with the slip collar . I found this feature not work as I had imagined or was advertised on the packaging.The leather slip catch did not move up and down the length of the leash , making it useless , or non functional . I would definitely return this item if I could and just stick with a slip collar and a leash of my choice . Added together they ca n't be much more then I spent on this package item . I thought all Cesar 's knowledge would come together to simply produce a better product . This leash is so thin , it would only work with a very small toy breed that is not strong and does not pull at all . I have no experience with any other Cesar Milan products , except his series of books , and TV show . The production quality of this product is low given its price mark . I thought it would be better made .
 Heard this was great - very similar to Orvis lead ... neither my husband or my dog could get used to it .
 The title says it all . It is what it is , works fine , but costly for a tiny plastic seed tray .
 This was to catch the thistle seed from falling to the ground under my feeder and making a mess , as well as to prevent so much loss of seed . However , with any rain or moisture , the seed would clump all around the tray at the bottom of the feeder , making it hard to clean as well as creating a moldy environment for the birds . I took it off and threw it away .
 This does not fit all feeders . It does not fit my standard feeder at all . I 've tried every way to keep it on and it just falls right off . I think I 've scared the birds away now .
 I must not have read the description carefully . When I purchased this tray I thought it was much larger . This one is so small I ca n't see how it would be of any benefit . The feeder trays I have on my bird feeders are bigger than this.I will probably give this to someone who has a use for it .
 Between the price and the quality , you 're better off using your fingernails to scrape the tartar off your dog 's teeth . This did n't do anything much other than disintegrate into gray little crumbles . Pass on this one .
 I 've read all the wonderful reviews of this product so I 've ordered it for my Westie who has food allergies . About a month ago , she 'd started to itch all the time , got rashes and her hair started to fall out except for her head and rump . Her skin was so red from all the licking and scratching and her skin was flaking and she started to stink as well . I 've tried , antihistemines , Omega3 Fish oils , sprays and changed her diet and nothing seems to be working so I was excited to read about this medicated shampoo . The product arrived within 2 days from the seller and it did later well using only a small amount . First time she was bathed , she seemed calmer and did n't scratch but it did n't last long . She was itching and scratching the next day . Five days later , I gave her a second bath and her skin was really inflammed and she could n't stop scratching and itching even before she got out of the tub . I have n't used it much but it did n't help my dog 's skin problems . She 's on antibiotics called fish flex cephalexin which helped heal her skin problems from the inside out and about her dry skin and flaking - olive oil . I put a teaspoon of olive oil mixed in with her food and it does wonders for her dry skin .
 My little one is suffering from ringworm and he gets greasy a few days after shampoo . I have had hoped that this product would alleviate his skin problem but there seemed to be no improvement at all . Even worse , his skin showed signs of irritation -LRB- rashes -RRB- and his hair lost the shine and fluffiness as it used to be . Quite disappointed .
 I 'm giving this product one star simply because it does not do what it advertises , that is reduce tartar.First off my dog loved the taste , but why would n't he when the first four ingredients are different cheeses . After about a month there was no noticeable difference in my dog 's breath or tartar.One thing you also want to consider is that the recommended dose is 1 teaspoon/15 lbs your dog weighs . My dog weighs in at 45 lbs so that is three teaspoons/day . So if you want to feed your dog a powder treat with meals then go for it . If you 're looking for something to reduce tartar then keep looking because this wo n't do it .
 So this item is decribed as a red barn bully sticks - sticks not stick - is is only 1 stick . The price with shipping comes out to $ 10.63 for 1 bully stick , not worth it . It has the worst smell ever I actually took it from my dog and threw it away . Beware this item is garbage
 We purchased this product for our 2 year old Sheltie as he had been on Glucosamine 500mg pills purchased at Walgreens . Our dog hated the overly large pills , even though we split them in half . Apparently the `` flavor '' is not the best since he refused to touch them after the inital dose . We are back to our Walgreens Glucosamine pills hidden in liver sausage , life is good !
 Merrick 's Senior Medley and Grammy 's Pot Pie canned dog food is the ONLY food my dog , who has a history of pancreatitis , can eat . I used to buy it at a local major pet chain but then saw it on Amazon for less so thought it was a great candidate to purchase via subscription -LRB- two cases per month of Senior Medley -RRB- . However , I recently received my first two cases , and every can in the first case I opened was dented . Did n't think too much about it , but then I just opened the second case and every can is also dented . There is a red sticker with a number on the top of each case wrapping -- wonder if that is a flag that the product is a second or reject . You can tell by the nature of the dents and that the `` inside '' cans are also dented that they were not dented in shipment . Shipping packaging was excellent . I would like to think that the food is safe , but do not want to take a chance so will not purchase it in the future from Amazon.I buy as much as I possibly can from Amazon -LRB- lawnmower included ! -RRB- and this is the first product disappointment I have had.UPDATE October 1 , 2012
 I have not tried the product yet . My shipment arrived today and the bottle is only about half full . Very disappointing for the price .
 This is more runny than it is foamy , it 's literally like giving your cat a bath just without the water and the smell is not that great . .
 The price is nice but they really do n't play with it . I like how each `` spout '' / `` bulge '' whatever those things that stick out - each is a different color and makes a different sound ! I occasionally hear my one ferret kick it around but it seems like he gets bored with it quick . I have been successful with cheap hard rubber dog toys - it has to be hard rubber so they ca n't chew it up - they LOVE those kind of toys !
 Well , maybe it is a personal preference of toy from ferret to ferret , but mine do n't touch the thing . It is cute and well made , but they could n't care less about that part . May work well for other ferrets and animals though ...
 I just tossed these in their playpen but they really do n't care to play with them at all . One of them just decided it was a pillow .
 Bought this because the cat peed on the cough while I was out of town.Smell lingered after repeated applications .
 My rabbit was n't particularly impressed with this food , and it caused her to produce three times the amount of droppings than she normally does . I can only conclude that there is a lot of indigestible junk in this food . I will not be buying this again .
 My Lab loved it at first bite , but in less than a month the squeaker stopped squeaking .
 This would be a great toy if the squeaker would only last longer than one day . This is a problem with this entire line of squeaker toys .
 I have to say that the toy is cute and my Husky likes bright color toys as do my other furbabies however it was no match for him within 15 minutes he had holes in it and then not even two hours later the toy was ripped apart . I got this because we have the kong origional toy that dispenses cookies and thats really the only toy worth having . But this was a waste of money .
 Not only did my lab mix dislodge the squeaker in minutes , she ripped the entire felt cover off within a day . Disappointed overall , she loved it for the first day . Just not durable .
 This toy did n't even last one day . The dog chewed the yellow fur off and it blew in the pool .
 The item looked nothing like how it was pictured . Did not last very long before my dog had destroyed it .
 I was mislead by the KONG name and my Shih-tzu first destroyed the squeaker which he almost ate and then the coating started to peal off . Junk .
 My 50 # German sheppard loves this toy , but ... the squeaker only last 5 minutes - I am pretty sure he ate it . The rest last for another month or so . I refuse to buy it again because I am afraid he will eat the squeaker again .
 Even though the pictures show livestock , there is nothing that says it 's for animals , and the instructions say to `` place the probe well under the tongue , keep the mouth closed ... '' , so it 's clearly not made for animals . It 's the same kind as I have in my medicine chest for when I get sick . You can buy the same thing at the local drug store ! If this was for animals , it should have instructions for proper use on animals . Completely misleading and very disapointing !
 I wanted these as a compliment to the Romaine lettuce I feed them but they tasted it the first 2 days and never ate it again . I bought the big jar and am left with it full . I would recommend you try a small jar first with your pet just in case .
 I have been utilizing the ZooMed Forest food for several years with my tortoise , no issues . I purchased 4x32 oz . containers of the same food I have been using . Tortoise will not eat from three of the 4 packages . Looks ok but smells moldy and stale . Tried to contact seller through what I thought was there customer service link , but they have no record of my purchase ... who knows , not happy .
 I wanted these as a compliment to the Romaine lettuce I feed them but they tasted it the first 2 days and never ate it again . I bought the big jar and am left with it full . I would recommend you try a small jar first with your pet just in case .
 I have been utilizing the ZooMed Forest food for several years with my tortoise , no issues . I purchased 4x32 oz . containers of the same food I have been using . Tortoise will not eat from three of the 4 packages . Looks ok but smells moldy and stale . Tried to contact seller through what I thought was there customer service link , but they have no record of my purchase ... who knows , not happy .
 The birthing female guppy became very stressed when put in here . She was cramped and felt trapped and vulnerable . She did not birth one fry in this container , even after being left in here overnight but when I removed her , she dropped fry . So I had to manually catch the fry and put them in . Plus she scraped off a few scales , I think from the little plastic handle inside which is much too sharp . The V insert is HARD to remove . The handle is small and very difficult to get ahold off . The V shape insert gets wedged in and I could not remove it . Instead of being able to lift the V with the mom out , I had to dump the female out then use a knife to get the insert out , defeating the whole purpose . It not work well for birthing which is why I bought it . Stressed out the female fish and frustrated me . Not pleasant for either of us .
 Bought the 2way breeder , and put our 2 week old fry in it only to have them swim thru the slots in it and get ate .
 I read all the reviews and thought this was the best breeder for my molly . Most of these breeders seem to get lackluster reviews , so I thought I would take a chance on this one.It 's cheap . For what I need , it 's serviceable , but barely . I put it together easily enough until I got to the netting . It 's too small . So the net only goes up to almost touch the top . The pictures on the box have it coming over the top four corners and therefore staying secure . It 's just poorly made.Also the hooks do n't really work for my tank . I have a 55 gallon , the standard kind . But the hooks are n't nearly long enough to hook over the top and have the net submerged . They are n't even long enough to actually hook over the frame on the the top . And then of course I would n't be able to close the lid all the way.So , I took a piece of styrofoam and created a float to hook the hooks on . I had to use a second piece on the front to compensate for the net not going all the way to the top . This effort was less than it would have taken to send it back , since everyone is complaining about all of them.Then I found out that mollies are pregnant for somewhere around a month -LRB- I thought she was really fat , but she 's not anywhere near ready -RRB- so I let her out , and took the breeder out of the tank . When she is ready , I 'm going to try replacing the netting with nylon stocking . Hopefully that will work.If you really need something and you are willing to get cheap and shoddy workmanship for a small amount of money , then go ahead . But if you want quality that will last , and work properly , this is not the breeder for you .
 Does NOT work for gold barb fry . They swam right out through the vents and became lunch . Lost them all . Slots WAY too large for barbs .
 the vends re too big , even if the head is not going thru , the tail still sticks out and other big fishes will eat your fry ... 1 night , i lost about 20 of them , if i can give this stupid prodct negative stars i would
 I tried this with my bettas and they all ended up dying because there was n't enough room . The one in the bottom compartment died first cuz it was way too shallow . Its almost impossible to feed .
 Do not purchase this model if you have large hands . The `` comfort '' series is far less comfortable for me than the old style.If you have large hands , you should get this one instead : Flexi Durabelt Leash 16 ft - up to 150 lbs in BlackUnfortunately , Flexi does not pay attention to the size of the handle . All leashes for small dogs have small handles . Some leashes for large dogs have small handles compared to other models . Flexi 's branding on the leashes is poor . Make sure you get the right one . Just getting a large dog leash will not ensure that you get a large handle .
 I generally like how this product works , but after having it for only 3 months , the leash broke with everyday use on my 60 lb . Siberian husky . I operate a rescue and walk my ten dogs daily . I like to walk at least 3 at a time , and have to have a heavy duty leash and unfortunately , this one did not fit the bill . They are too pricey for my non-profit rescue to afford to purchase often . Sadly , I can not now return it .
 Purchased this in August 2011 for our 105 lb . golden . Has worked very well but in past month the blue reel housinghas begun to separate at the seam ; can actually see into the housing.Am concerned as I do n't want this to come apart while walking our pet near a street .
 I purchased this in May 2010 and was very pleased with it . It heated around 100 gallons -LRB- 75/gal tank and a 30/gal sump -RRB- easily . However , I noticed this summer -LRB- June 2011 -RRB- that it was no longer heating the water . Not sure what the issue is , even after making adjustments to the temperature setting.I would have expected a longer life . I like to use 100 watt heaters so that they do not turn on and off often -LRB- minimizing the wear and tear -RRB- , nor will they overheat the tank quickly if it malfunctions in the `` on '' position .
 Got this toy yesterday for our 4 month old German Shepherd puppy . She 's been tearing apart most toys because she 's gnawing on them with the side of her mouth - teething like mad . I thought this would be soothing to her since it had nubs and ripples and it 's thin enough she can gnaw on it like she 's been gnawing on all the other -LRB- cloth -RRB- toys.The shape is perfect , but the rubber is not hard enough . Within five minutes she was pulling rubber pieces off the toy that had been torn by her gnawing . She 'll get to work on it , provided she 's well supervised . This toy is a good idea and great shape , but would be better if there was a harder rubber option .
 The duck was great when it arrived . Then after 10 minutes the squeak has disappeared . My puppy was not interested at all , but before then the squeak had him jumping and barking and having a great time . Now I 'm just really quite angry that I wasted my money . I would like to try another one , so I am hoping Amazon will refund the cost . But so far - not very impressed , and neither is the puppy !
 My Jack russell had this chewed up in under 3 min . Very cheap . My mistake , I was taken in by the cuteness , however it is not for a dog that chews .
 Not as sturdy and duable at all . My puppy destroyed it , in a matter of 3 hours . was not happy at all with it .
 I bought this for my sister 's black lab for Christmas . The dog loved it , but there were pieces of latex rubber all over our living room before we even opened all the presents . Do not buy this for any dogs with teeth !!! I read the other reviews when I ordered it , but when it arrived it looked very flimsy and it turned out to be . It was in the trash by the end of the evening . Not a good use of $ 8 .
 Dead Duck ! My 1 1/2 yr old yellow lab destroyed this `` highly rated-tough '' toy quickly . Reviews said these toys were `` durable '' and `` long-lasting '' . Bunk ! My dog had the feet off in 1 minute followed quickly by legs and wings . Beware ! This toy also has cotton batting stuffing inside and that was all over within 5 minutes . Premier toy ? I do n't think so .
 My Newfoundland played with this toy . Unknown to me , the tail comes off easily -LRB- it might be glued on -RRB- and ended up lodged in her intestine . Surgery was required to remove the tail from her intestine and she is lucky to be alive . This duck should NOT be considered a safe toy for dogs , it is dangerous .
 The tail of this duck is detachable and can be swallowed whole by a large-ish dog . Friend 's dog needed surgery to remove from his intestines . Do n't buy this .
 Bought this because of the reviews saying these toys were sooooo tough.Well , within 10 minutes my little dog had the tail and toes bitten off.Wasted my money .
 PREMIER SQUEEZE PLEASE TOYS ARE ADVERTISED AS TOUGH FOR HEAVY CHEWERS BUT PRODUCTS BREAKS AFTER VERY SHORT PERIOD OF TIME
 I put the dog food into the bowl and the dog pushed it out while eating . Even when I put a small amount into the bowl he easily pushes it out . The dog is a pug , thus he must push a lot to get to the food . I bought the bowl to help with clean up because I get tired of cleaning up the extra food he pushes out . I wanted a bowl the dog could not push his food out of . This bowl does not stop the food from being pushed out . I Wasted my money . Do n't waste yours . Do NOT buy.AD2
 It retains water at the bottom because there are no holes for it to drain , some of the seeds even sprouted out in couple of days after a rainy day , funniest thing I have ever seen . You could create your own hole though . The clear plastic is real thin and was chewed out by the squirrels . I think they need to improve the quality of this product and actually test it out before putting it in the market .
 As soon as it rains , the food gets wet and molds . I suppose it would be ok in a covered area ...
 I purchased this for my mom to watch the birds from her window . It was easy to attach to her window and easy to fill . When she checked to see why not a single bird was visiting -- she noticed water -LRB- rain -RRB- entered into the feeding holes and froze the seed solid ! She emptied it and tried again and it happened again . Maybe it would work in a covered area , but not in an area exposed to wet conditions .
 This feeder is not made well , it 's not easy to clean and the birds do n't like it
 well , this was the teeniest tiniest bed I have ever seen . . I measured the crate and this was supposed to fit . . got it home and a LOT less to it than what is advertised .
 The add for this shows a large dog laying on it . That is so far from the truth . It was so small that my cat could n't even lay on it comfortably . I was disappointed with the size .
 This pet bed is no more than if you had a blanket or quilt for the dog to lay . Cheaply made product would not recommend !!!
 I loved the pink color and fuzziness of this item . However , the description states they are machine washable . I got these , washed them and they fell apart at the seams after only the first wash and no use . I only gave them 1 star because they are cute . Overall , poor workmanship and I doubt they would withstand actual use from even my 2 lb . puppy .
 While the bed itself deserves more than one star , I would like to bring attention to the possible under-sizing . I ordered a 13x20 `` fashion pink '' bed to fit our new girls 13x20 crate . When it arrived and I put it in the crate , it seemed too small . I decided to compare since we own another MidWest 13x20 quiet time bed -LRB- bought several years ago & the reason I decided to buy another -RRB- . When put up to each other , the new MidWest `` fashion pink '' bed is significantly smaller than our original MidWest `` sherpa off-white '' bed . The fashion pink bed measured 11.5 x20 while our other is a true 13x20 . This is disappointing . I 'm not sure if this reflects the sizing for all `` fashion pink '' 13x20 's or if mine was a lemon .
 I bought bothe the purple one and a sky blue one . My dogs do n't like either . I thought they were going to be fluffy and deep but these dog beds are more like kennel mats . I wouldnt buy them again .
 *************** Advertised
 Very soft , but thin on the bottom . The pillow around the outside is soft . My cat used it once , maybe twice . Maybe because he 's a big male kitty with an attitude , and sitting on a powder blue puff bed is not his thing . Who knows . The stitching that holds the pillow came apart in the washing machine and created a huge mess . I threw the thing away . If you buy this , make sure you wash it by hand , which is probably what the directions stated if I would have read them .
 Did not last long at all . Made of very thin fabric . Bed not stuffed at all , only stuffed around edges . I would definitely not recommend .
 Product did not fit the crate . Seems to be smaller than advertised . Will probably replace with a different crate bed ... Otherwise the dog seems to like it but since it does not fit snugly she keeps flipping it over when looking for her treats ...
 S-Adenosyl-100 -LRB- SAMe -RRB- for Small Dogs and Cats by Vitality SystemsI order this product for my dog . My vet wants me to give one pill per day for his aging liver . When I ordered this product , I assumed it would be 60 pills for the price since I paid approximately the same amount for 60 pills eight times before . My big mistake was ordering the Vitality Systems company selling the product on Amazon . I guess I inadvertently switched vendors on this order without realizing this.When I received the order it was 30 pills for over $ 22.00 . I ordered from the wrong company who cleverly omitted the total number of pills in their description . -LRB- I would also hide this vital info . if my intention was to fool -LRB- really cheat -RRB- customers ! -RRB- I know that often Amazon is not very good with providing vital information on products and I often have to go to other websites to find out more about the products I am shopping for . -LRB- A good number of times they lost my business when other websites selling the same product had a similar price with less postage costs . -RRB- There should not be certain companies who omit things that other companies selling the same product state up front . Amazon needs to have more uniformity in displaying the products they handle and/or sell .
 Yes , the makers of Synovial Flex Soft Chews have very recently cut the concentration of each ingredient in half in the soft chews -LRB- I would imagine they 've done this with their other products as well -RRB- so by their NEW dosage recommendation my dog will now need TWO chews a day instead of one . Do the math on this - THEY HAVE IN EFFECT DOUBLED THE PRICE . 240 chews will now only last 120 days . In order to administer the same amount to my dog as before , as said , I will need to give him two chews . This is sneaky and unethical and if I had n't had my last container on hand and compared the ingredient information , I would n't have discovered this change . There are other manufacturers out there making similar products , I 'm going to switch over and I recommend everyone do the same .
 I bought this last night at Petsmart when my filter suddenly died for my little African Sideneck . It looked great and cleaned my cloudy water very quickly . I saw him trying to climb it , but it was too steep . He also has a basking rock that he uses , so I figured the filter was too steep for basking , but he can use his own rock anyway . This morning I came out because I heard a bunch of noise from his tank . I walked into the room and he had fallen from the filter and was floating in the water , on his back , with his arms and legs outstretched not moving at all . Thank God he was just shocked and seems ok , but this filter is just too difficult and steep for smaller turtles . He 's about 6 '' . Buyer beware . I thought I lost my little guy .
 I was so stoked to get this filter for my future newt . Figured id test it on a few fish first . First few days were fantastic but now th3 water is xloudy and intake holes dont do anything . I watch food , plant matter and feces just float past . What a waste . I would have snt this back if i had the box . I 'm highly disappointed . It probably has something to do with the fact that the pump is so small . I really do n't understand why they would make such a small pump for such a large filter unit there 's no way that this filter could possibly filter unit for 55 gallons of water when it can barely keep a 10 gallon tank clean which is only filled halfway so do n't waste your money too little more research and buy a better filter this 1 is not worth your time or money .
 I bought this filter about 3 mths ago . Wanted a more natural look for my turtle 's tank . it 's a beautiful design , looks great in tank . But it does n't filter well . Works good for about 2-3 days , then cartridges get clogged and need to be replaced . And it does n't use the whole cartridge , it only uses the bottom half . Just not worth the money .
 I 've had this pump for two days now and I think it looks great but I do n't think was meant for the demands of a turtle . The materials used for the `` rock '' look great and feels heavy and sturdy . My turtle is only about 2 '' -LRB- I did n't take this turtle my old roommate found it and then promptly abandoned it -RRB- I keep the bottom bare and empty and the water level between the min and max . Turtles being notoriously dirty , there are bits of food , poo , and calcium in the water . I can see the particles just kind of float everywhere and even watched the particles just float by the intake holes . The waterfall effect seems to kick things around but the intake is n't pulling much of the particles in and I 'm not talking about particles the size of food pellets . I mean smaller than a grain of salt size.I 'm guessing there are such great reviews because owners are keeping the water very low and/or puts gravel at the bottom so all those particles get caught and hidden in the gravel.Unit came with a slight crack at the bottom corner as well.I 'll give it another couple of days and sees how it goes.Edit 10/16/2012
 I bought this as an additional filter/habitat enhancer for my Eastern Painted turtle . We were going on vacation , and I did n't want the person checking on Franklin to have to change out the water , and I thought that an additional filter would help with that . Unfortunately , the filter quit while we were on vacation . Fortunately turtles do okay in murky water -LRB- their natural habitat -RRB- and the four feeder fish do n't seem the worse for it , either . Also , little pieces of plastic keep falling off of the inside when I rinse it out during the tank cleaning .
 I have a 75 gallon tank , however , the front is lower than the back so it really only holds about 40 gallons of water . I bought this filter in conjunction with the larger Tetra waterfall filter -LRB- 55 gal -RRB- and another 40 gallon filter . That 's about 150 gallons of filtering power for 40 gallons of water . My water should be absolutely crystal clear , especially since I do a water change every week . I have a baby mud turtle along with a couple tetras , corys , and ghost shrimp . This filter manages to make my water even dirtier , which is a feat that I have only ever seen from this filter . The intake holes where the water should pour into have no suction , so water will manage to get within , but so will all the dirt and feces and since there is no suctioning , all the dirt just sits inside the intake holes . This ends up clogging the filter , making it so not enough water will get in and causing an awful noise from the filter working with barely any water getting to it . This also makes the tank incredibly dirty from all the dirt and feces accumulating in the intake holes and sometimes getting out and polluting the tank . Even if you decide to move the filter a little bit , all the dirt will flush out and pollute the tank . This product is the epitome of design flaw . I took this filter out of my tank and now my water is super clear . I wish I could get my money back but have already used it in my tank so I ca n't return it . I basically just dished out 30 something dollars for a nice looking rock that makes my aquarium filthy .
 I recently just received my Repto decorative filter . Which I chose and paid for a new one , but received a resealed box . And when assembling I noticed that one of the chambers where the filter goes in was completely cracked . Not wanting to go threw the hassle of returning it and having to change my huge tank again I super glued and sealed the cracks as well as I could so the filter would at least work . So I would suggest just ordering a used one .
 I used to have a whisper filter and it worked really great , then after a year it stopped working . I was going to buy another one but this one seemed fun . well its too high and my turtle cant get on it . and it does n't really clean the water , its still foggy looking and really bad . I feed my turtle out of her tank to keep it extra clean but its still dirty . I didnt return it because it will be a hassle . I will just buy her another dock . and another filter . : / I really wanted to like it .
 I was so excited to get this for my turtle tank . The idea of combining the basking platform with the filter to free up tank space and give him more room to swim sounded great . Unfortunately , it was neither a good basking platform , nor was it a good filter.When I got the item in the mail , I opened it up and took it out of the box . Immediately I noticed a piece of the ceramic/resin material the rock is made out of was broken off and laying on the bottom of it . I continued assembly anyways , not thinking that it would be a critical piece -LRB- wrong -RRB- . I am going to blame this broken piece rather than the filter itself , but the water became so dirty I could not see more than an inch into the water . The water was going through where the piece broke off , completely bypassing the filter . I will be returning it for this reason.Ok , I got a defective item , but even if it worked as a filter , I still would probably only give it 2 stars . The other major problem with it is that there is a max water level marked on the back side of the filter . If you fill the tank up to that level , the top of it is about 2-3 inches out of the water , and nearly impossible for my turtle to climb onto . The walls of the filter are much steeper than you would think by looking at the pictures.So in the end , I had to put in my old filter and my old basking platform as this item was good for neither of those things.Pros : - Looks really nice-Reasonably pricedCons : - Arrived Broken-Too steep for turtle to climb up-The slot for the power cord to run out of is aimed out , rather than up , so if you have the filter in the corner against the wall , the power cord will lift the lid up a bit and make the platform wobbly .
 I have a 6in turtle and 40 gallon tank . I fill the tank just below the filter outlet where the water comes out . The problem is that from there to top the filter is not well designed for turtle to climb up . it is too steep for the turtle to climb . I have to shop for another filter . Water cleaning is just ok . If the water is too low , the filter stops working so make sure the tank is filled way up close to the outlet .
 Upon seeing this I thought that it would be perfect for my RES , but I 'm greatly disappointed . At first I thought it was working fine , but after about a week or so I noticed that the water -LRB- about 30gal -RRB- in my tank was stagnant . So I unplugged the filter and cleaned it out thoroughly . A couple of days later it was n't running smooth again and the water was murky . I also noticed that my turtle could not get onto the basking platform because it was too steep and narrow and she fell backwards into the water trying to climb up . In the end , the filter is good only for looks and I would not recommend it .
 First of all mine arrived broken on the inside layer of the ` ceramic/plaster crap '' it is made out of . It was still usable however , it says for up to 55 gallons , turtle owners should know that they need a filter rated for 2-3 times as many gallons as they actually have . I had about 20 gallons of my tank full with using this , with no gravel , feeding in a different tank and it would still stop working at least once a week . I finally gave up on this filter and built my ATBA and upgraded my filter .
 This sounded great and when I pulled it out of the packaging and put it into my tank , it looked great ! Everything was wonderful with this until a few months later and the filter suddenly stopped working . Out of nowhere it just stopped functioning , and no matter what I did I could n't get it to start again . Well other than this issue , I loved this rock filter , so I decided to purchase another one . I was hoping this was simply a fluke and was willing to forgive , but after 3 months , the second filter broke yet AGAIN ! I ca n't think of anything that I am doing that would cause the filter to suddenly stop working , but if it 's this finicky , it 's not worth my time.The rock is also VERY difficult for a turtle to climb up to bask on . I 've sat and watched as my turtles time and time over would attempt to climb this thing only to flap their arms as they fall backwards back into the water . They were only finally successful in getting up once I filled my aquarium over the maximum fill line on rock , but it was still a struggle.Another gripe I had was that this filter could n't seem to keep my 30 gallon tank clean for more than a few days . The great thing about this filter though is that it 's extremely easy to change out.I really wanted this to work out but I recommend you get a real filter and find a different basking solution .
 I read the description and thought this might be a good supplement of seed for my bird which eats mainly fruits/vegetables and a supplement . I dont recommend anyone feed a Macaw only this food , they need more nutrients than this can supply.If you like unshelled peanuts , almonds and walnuts , and you want that to be half the food , you may be happy . However , after removing this , there is mainly sunflowers , pumpkin seeds and safflower along with a small amount of dried fruit , that my bird eats with quite a bit of additional smaller seeds a macaw ignores . To make the best use of this food , we removed the large seeds and use these a treats and rewards and with the other leftover half , we give a small amount sprinkled over the fruits .
 This thing was so cheap was playing with it with my dog for 5mins and it broke . Will never buy again
 I purchased two of these and they arrived with the package split and the items all over the box . I contacted Amazon and they sent two more out , these also arrived with the packages open . Amazon was very courteous and professional as always , I can not review the item itself because the packaging is so horrible that I have given up on trying again .
 SORRY , AS I STATED ON MY OTHER REVIEWS MY GERMAN BREED , G.SHEPH . IS VERY PICKY ... AND HE JUST DID NOT CARE FOR THE SMELL OF THESE BEEF ROLLS , HE DID NOT EVEN CARE TO COME CLOSE TO TAKE 2ND SNIFF ... SORRY , NO STAR !!! BUT IT TRIGGERED ME TO GIVE IT AS LEAST 1 STAR TO CONTINUE MY REVIEW .
 Our dog did not like these at all , would n't even smell them , just turned his head . Yet , my daughter 's dog loved them . You never know , I guess you could say our dog is a &#34; picky &#34; eater !
 I thought this would be a great treat for my sisters two labs . They smell horrible and the dogs preferred their old raw hide bones over these . I now know to buy dog treats from a store . My intensions were good , but they just did n't work out !
 My two dogs each just about anything I hand them . But after the first taste , they spit them out and walked away .
 these are beef LUNGS ... they are light and airy but did not agree w/my maltese digestive system so i gave them away . stick w/smokehouse beefy sticks .
 Well , I was hoping for a treat that would last awhile . Some of the reviews indicated this . My two terriers normally savor something for a considerable period of time . They wolfed this down in a minute . I guess that 's good , but I was hoping for something that would last a little while . Guess not . Will not buy again .
 Been using the lamb version for 11 years , and my dog loves it . Thought to try the beef treats , and she wo n't touch them .
 I gave these treats to my chihuahua mix and he developed renal failure . I then found out the FDA had issued a warning about these treats causing renal failure . I 'm amazed Amazon is still selling them . My dog just spent 2 days getting IV fluids at the vets and may still not survive . Yes , he absolutely loved these treats . But please , at the very least , read about the warnings and what 's happened to other animals before thinking about giving them to your pet .
 THESE TREATS ARE IMPORTED FROM CHINA ! My husband purchased theses 12 - 23-2012 . After just a few treats my otherwise very healthy 7 yr old German Shorthaired Pointer went in to ACUTE LIVER FAILURE with Kidney damage as well . Daisy 's symptoms started within a wk of eating some -LRB- 4 or 5 -RRB- treats . We NEVER buy treats but in the spirit of Christmas my husband decided to get them . My dog was taken to University of Pennsylvania small animal emergency hospital in Philadelphia PA. . Daisy was immediately admitted and given IV fluids and meds so support her liver . After a few Daisy 's liver enzymes were still critically elevated but the vet suggested I take her home and continue to give the medication to support her liver . It is now 1-20-13 and her liver enzymes are still 200 and 300 + points over normal . I thought my dog was drinking a lot more then usual . I happened to look at the dog treat bag and it says TESTED IN THE USA but made in CHINA on the back lower right corner . I immediately called my vet to take her to have blood tests just for peace of mind thinking it would all come back normal ... it did not come back normal and that is when we immediately went to U of P. I now have over 3500.00 in vet bills and it is still not over . Other companies RIGHT NOW are doing voluntary recalls of these chicken jerky treats imported from China . I contacted SmokeHouse Brand and they would neither CONFIRM or DENY that there are other reports of their brand causing the death of other beloved pets . PLEASE BE VERY CAREFUL ! This was very deceptive packaging and we made a mistake that nearly killed our dog and cost us 3500.00 to 4000.00 !
 These treats made my dog seriously ill with kidney failure . We had been feeding our dogs these treats for months , then suddenly both our dogs became ill . We almost lost our smaller dog , a Cavalier King Charles . While the FDA is still investigating , these treats continue to be sold . In our small town there were four cases diagnosed within one week , and our newspaper , the Longmont Times Call , ran a front page story on it . Since then I 've been contacted by people from across the US who have been affected , and we have created a web site dedicated to this issue
 DO N'T GET BURNED ... 2 of the 3 jars seals were broken when shipment arrived ... i was so excited when my search for training treats for my new yellow lab came up with these , that i did n't realize they were made in china ... i do n't think these are returnable items ... BEWARE
 my chihuahua mix has renal failure because of these treats . Here is an FDA warning : The Food and Drug Administration is cautioning consumers of a potential association between development of illness in dogs and the consumption of chicken jerky products also described as chicken tenders , strips or treats . FDA has received more than 70 complaints involving more than 95 dogs that experienced illness that their owners associated with consumption of chicken jerky products.Please DO NOT GIVE THESE TO YOUR DOGS.I do n't know if my dog is going to live .
 My vet has my dog on a very limited source of low fat treats due to her impaired fat metabolism . She suggested chicken jerky , but specifically said to avoid those made in China due to all the contimination problems they 've had.I searched here on Amazon for `` chicken jerky '' and one of the suggested searches that popped up was `` chicken jerky dog treats made in usa . '' Great ! I used that search and this was listed at # 8 on the list . Nowhere in the product description did it say it was n't made here . I ordered it and was unpleasantly surprised to find `` made in China '' on the label , when it arrived.The FDA has several warnings out on dog chicken jerky treats made in China . The latest ones were Nov. and Dec. , so it 's an ongoing problem . I never even opened the jar , as I did n't want to harm my dog.Had the country of origen been in the product description , I never would have ordered these .
 Fed these to my 40 pound jack russell/beagle mix male dog . He got sick and threw up . He is a tank and can eat pretty much anything . I had purchased them in 2007 . I put them away in my cupboard and then heard about the recall and never took them out till tonight . I just wanted you to know that if your dog starts to vomit or not feel right , STOP FEEDING THE TREATS TO HIM . Bag says PRODUCT OF CHINA . And is one of the recalled items from PetSmart where I bought them . Listen to your instincts and stop feeding him the treats at any sign of illness .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Please check this out and DO NOT feed these to your pets . Take them back to where you bought them and make them aware , MADE IN CHINA .
 After reading the reviews , I searched the web and found info regarding this product . I had been feeding my dogs this treat once in awhile . After reading the very negative info on the Vet Medicine sites and several recall sites , I chose to throw these away.Sadly , on Thursday , while I was out , one of my dogs , Kio , broke through the barrier where the trash was waiting for pick up and got into the bags . He ate several pieces of these strips at one sitting.Today , Monday , he went to the vet with acute kidney failure . He will die.DO YOUR HOMEWORK BEFORE YOU FEED THIS PRODUCT.I did n't and now my Kio will pay the horrible price . Like the other poison food , it 's made in China . . even though it gives the impression it 's American.Several stores have pulled this product and refuse to sell it.I THINK AMAZON SHOULD DO THE SAME THING.Amazon has a responsibility that includes not selling foods that kill our beloved pets ... I know it 's a money maker for them , but there 's evidence that it might be a killer . And it should NOT BE SOLD until the final verdict is is .
 When I searched in Amazon for `` chicken jerky treats made in USA '' this product was listed . No where in the product discription did it mention the country of origin . I purchased this product in a smaller size from a local retailer and the package said `` MADE IN USA '' so I naturally assumed that the 20 ounce tub would be the same . What a surprize . When the package arrived I opened it and gave a piece to my dog , then I noticed that the label said `` PRODUCT OF CHINA '' ! I can not give this to my dog as it causes severe symptoms.Either Amazon is misrepresenting the product as Made in USA or the manufacturer is . In either case , I have learned my lesson , NEVER BUY DOG TREATS FROM AMAZON .
 I purchased this item several years ago and discovered that it comes from China and is not something that you want to feed your dog unless you want it to catch bird flu .
 My yorkie almost died ! He has eaten ONLY organic food his entire life . I purchase a bag of these -LRB- the only store bought food or treat he has ever eaten -RRB- and within weeks he became lethargic and refused food of any kind . He was admmitted to the hospital Nov 2007 for 6 days and was administered IV fluids to prevent his death from ***************** Acute Renal Failure ********************************* These treat causes kidney failure which can be deadly and there is no medication available to prevent , minimize or repair the damage . The damage is IRREVERSABLE !!!!!! My dog is now damaged for life !!!! If you love your pet DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT ! The FDA has received over 100 complaints and UC Davis is following over 40 cases ... how many have dogs have to die before big corporations stop allowing this toxic stuff from China to be sold in their stores AND stop allowing very deceptive labeling practices that trick consumers into thinking the product is safe and made in the USA ?????????????? Save yourself the heartache DON `` T BUY THIS IT `` S DEADLY !
 I made a mistake when I ordered these . I will not buy them again since it is a product of China . My dog got sick on similar strips made in China two years ago . The product explanation for these strips did not state that these are made in China . It should be part of the description since there have been recalls on chicken and duck strips made in China by at least Pet Smart recently .
 The bagged product from Smokehouse proudly states it is made in the USA . I naively assumed all Smokehouse products were the same . NOT ! I only noticed this 20 oz tub is from China when I went to reorder it . I am not happy at the company misleading its customers this way ! I will keep purchasing the bagged product from the company because they are my dog 's favorite treats and moderately priced , but I lost some confidence in them .
 When I ordered them , amazon made it sound like the treats were made in th US . They were not , they were made in china . Will not buy anything made in china because of the report on dogs treats.Will not be ordering them again .
 Look at the small print on the bottom back of the package is `` product of China '' , the same source of other products that have been killing our pets . I sat beside my vet and read along with him.Following are primary repeated findings : - severe damage to the kidney often resulting in complete renal failureand death - numerous reports in the past four to five weeks , a larger number on theEast Coast - chicken and beef treats promoted as all natural - it does not matter what the label is , if it is a product of China - if caught early enough , hospitalized on IV hydrating and flushing thekidney over days with nutrients may help the kidney heal itself and thepet could then live with the damaged kidney - if not caught early complete renal failure is expected - most cases reported are related to small dogs - initial symptoms indicate diabetes - mold is often found when flushing the kidney
 After a few uses the lid just broke , Also did not seem to seal like it said it should we still had a gap where air and bugs could get in .
 I want to like this foodbin , because I bought two of them ! Two big complaints
 When I think of the worst purchase I 've made on the internet , I think of this one . This bin is very thin plastic . The hinges are a joke . Once you get the plastice hinges weaved together and actually try to move the lid -LRB- as in open or close it -RRB- they all come unthreaded and it 's a nightmare to try to weave it back together . The plastic also shattered on the bottom corner when I dropped it from about 6 inches off the ground . JUNK ! You 'll be sorry if you buy this . I was . However , I complained to Amazon and they promptly refunded my purchase amount .
 Unlike the description states , this product has no food storage bin . I was disappointed upon receiving this , especially for its price . I intend to return it . I do not feel also that this product is worth the $ 35.00 -- although the wood is strong and the plates are indeed stoneware . Mainly , I was sad to get it and discover no food storage bin . I am not sure why it would say that . Also , there were NO instructions to assemble , product info , material sheets , etc inside -- just the parts and bowls .
 The product looked very cute online . When I opened the box I could tell that it was a piece of junk because the paint was already peeled off the side of the stand . Very cheaply made and very over priced for it .
 I like to give my birds a good fruit/nut and small seed filler for treats - I had to pick out the peanuts in shell - I never feed peanuts to my birds , but there were n't a lot of those anyway . Not a lot of larger nuts period - mostly sunflower and safflower seed - some pepitos and other nuts scattered in but really a lot of just the filler seed in there . This would NOT be something I would feed to any hookbill -LRB- parrot -RRB- as a meal - it 's like feeding a 5 year old child potato chips - all fat and no real protein . Other than the scattered bigger nuts , it 's not much different than what you feed outside birds .
 The birds eat the stuff , the only reason it is n't a 0-rating . The `` easy-peel '' packages are totally worthless - 90 % of the packages are sealed so tightly that it is impossible to open the pack without using a knife and getting greasy-gunk all over the place . A simple baggie would create far less mess , and be easy to open without requiring tools . The only reason I can think of to create such a lousy package is that they pour the hot suet directly into the lower tray of the pack , and thus save time at the expense of consumer annoyance.I will never buy a Heath-brand suet product again , and would n't recommend it to anyone but an enemy .
 When purchased the description stated `` with feeding lid '' but the product came with a plain lid . I submitted a return claim but was told I could only do an exchange . I clearly stated the reason for the exchange was due to the fact that I did not get the `` feeding lid '' . The new one arrived within just a few days and was once again just a plain lid . I was out of food and out of patience so I gave up and kept that one !
 They have not touched them at all . I have different chew sticks and they eat them . . So did not work for me
 I had high hopes when I purchased this remote trainer . When it worked it was okay , could n't tell much between the settings . Sometimes it made noise but did not zap the dog and other times it would give her a good zap . It worked very inconsistently and did n't have a range over much more than 10 feet . I would not purchase this item again or recommend it for anyone .
 I purchased this collar in Dec. of 2011 , the collar was wonderful at first worked like a charm easy to use very light weight ... and then it stopped working , the remote itself is flimsy construction and once you change the battery a time or two it just stops working . The product was under warranty so the company very quickly shipped me a new one and took the broken one back ... then the same problem occured again the remote stopped working The company now says I am past warranty and for $ 30 they will send me a replacement - why would I pay more money for a product that will just break again . It is just very poorly constructed and after talking to a friend who has the same product with the same problem I felt the need to write a review to warn others that it is not worth the $ to purchase this product as it will not last !!
 i owned this product for about 18 months before it broke down . while it was useful at times , i will not be buying another innotekhere are the goods and bads for this product : + can be had relatively affordable -LRB- i paid sub $ 40 on ebay -RRB- + excellent build quality + small and lightweight + waterproof receiver + decent range . good enough for just anything short of gun dog use . - nonstandard batteries . less of a problem for transmitter as that battery lasts forever , but receiver batteriy drain quickly , especially if the collar is accidentally not turned off after use . receiver batteries cost an arm and a leg if you are lucky enough to find them locally , or takes weeks to arrive from china when ordered over the internet - if the collar is turned off but left on the dog , it seems to sometimes turn itself back on , draining batteries - sometimes -LRB- rarely -RRB- it just does not work for no appearent reason . short distance , transmitter led lights up , receiver on-light flashing , yet no shock . turn receiver off and back on again and all is good , but doesnt build confidence . - if the collar is taken of the dog but not turned off , it doesnt auto shut off even after an extended period of time , even though it would have been very simple and cheap to put in hardware to detect this condition . - extremely poor UI on the transmitter . the people who designed it clearly did not own a dog . you have to set microscopic dip switches to configure a binary code that determine what power level is used . worse yet , there is an idiotic toggle switch that boost the power level by one measly step . the switch often accidentally flips in your pocket but in an emergency situation you will for sure not remember to flip before applying shock . - shocking stopped working after 18 months of casual use . i can still use it for beeping the dog but even with fresh batteries the shocker does not work . i am buying a new one now and it will not be innotek brand .
 My dog did n't react on it at all ! Thanks to dog 's trainer , who was here to try . Otherwise my dog would kill a cat
 I purchased one on the recommendation of my sister , who has one . -LRB- Our dog has serious front door issues ! -RRB- When it arrived , the battery screw would not fit no matter what we did . So I returned it and ordered another one . This one worked ... FOR TWO HOURS . Two zaps -LRB- on the lowest setting -RRB- and it completely died . I must say , it did work as far as getting our dog 's attention and stopping the `` door rage , '' but now it is completely dead and I 'm done with it . I will try another manufacturer . -LRB- Other reviewers seem to have the same problem , I should have listened to my gut ! -RRB-
 I bought this collar for my Lab/Rot mix . I was slightly disappointed at the amount of time the setup took . What was worse though was the length of time it took for the remote to actually activate the collar . Walking my dog on a 6 ft leash made the collar nearly unusable . The corrections were not instant as needed for proper training , they took too long to be given and at that point there is no connection between the shock and the behavior . For the price I expected a much higher quality collar .
 Does not work i would like to return for a refund . please send me a contact number at trexpaddle@yahoo.com All it does is make beeping noise and no stimulation . i have canged the setting with assistance from innotek . my dog is easy and not stubborn , ijust wanted to discourage her from running up to other dogs while off leash .
 Took around 9 - 10 days to get to me . Compared to any other product i previously purchased from amazon.com , this one took quite a long time.Anyway , collar works fine but didnt receive the Training DVD that was described in the Amazon.com Product Description . So since i am new to this I dont really know any methods . Do i shock my chihuahua when she does something bad?I feel this wasnt worth the money and was a waste of time . I expected at least everything that was described in the description to be included.All i can do is google search or search youtube.com . Unhappy with product .
 The collar was good while it worked . The range is awful now ; it only works at about 6 feet.I 've replaced the batteries again and again , but even with fresh batteries it does n't work for distance anymore . Also , a lot of times the shock does n't work ; you have to get it so tight that the dog chokes and I have to be close enough that I might as well just hit the dog with the remote rather than shocking . I 'm probably going to switch to Petsafe as they make the wireless fence collar we use and it 's worked great for about 6 months
 My sister has an Innotek remote training collar for her dog , so I thought this would be perfect for my high-energy 2 year old Lab mix . I was so excited to use it that I immediately opened the box , put in the batteries and tried it . My husband and I tried to figure out which setting we wanted and what it would feel like . It worked for literally the first 5 minutes and then the receiver stopped getting the signal from the transmitter . We called Innotek to see if we were doing something wrong -LRB- we were n't -RRB- and they sent out a replacement unit . When we opened the replacement unit , it did n't even work for the 5 minutes the other one did ! I returned the first unit to Amazon and will never use this product again !
 I had a Tri-tronics trainer that lasted for years and was rugged and easy to use . This Innotek collar is junk in comparison . No real on/off switch -LRB- you `` pair '' two red buttons -RRB- , minuscule battery cover that is impossible to open and close , setting the levels requires a magnifying glass and a very tiny tool that you must furnish , the snap for the collar is cheap plastic , the whole thing is cheap . Mine just died after two months .
 The collar worked well at first -- transmitted slight , annoying but not painful shock -LRB- tested on my hand -RRB- . Range was OK , but not great . Then totally stopped working after about 2 weeks .
 We have now had two collars just like this . This first one broke in about a month so the store replaced it . Now the second one has stopped working just a few months later . I think we stopped using it for a while and it still did not last more than a couple weeks . The batteries run down in just a few days . Those type of batteries are not very cheap . I would never buy another collar from this company again .
 we purchased 2 of these at the same time , when they arrived the batteries appeared to be run down , i guess where they had been on the shelf for some time.anyway i went out and purchased new ones for both the remote and the collars , and after following the instructions about setting the units up , -LRB- pairing them -RRB- they made the necessary clicking tone noise when the button was pressed , but as for any shock value it was a waste of time.i managed to shock myself but the only way this was possible was to press down as hard as i could against the 2 probes that shock , the only way i could have got any shock value to my dog i would have had to had the collars so tight on the dogs neck it would probably have choked him before zapping him.i have returned both of these for a refund , which will hopefully come through ok , you wont be able to return in as new condition as you have to cut open the plastic packaging to get to the units inside .
 This Innotek device did not work out of the box . All setup instructions were followed , all confirming light signals were noted in sequence , but when the signal was sent there was absolutely no charge on the probes at any setting . I tightened the probes , double checked the signal light sequence that tells you all is well , but the little grimlin in the box who is supposed to deliver the shock was not at home . Also , Amazon has this device paired on the site with what one would assume are replacement batteries . The extras paired with this device have nothing to do with the Innotek device . The extra batteries are flat coin batteries and the Innotek uses cylindrical batteries .
 This one has a relatively short range , but it is a good product . We spent a fortune on replacement batteries . Suggest one that has rechargeable ones .
 This thing stopped working a few months after I purchased it . This collar did n't phase my dog either . Waste of my money , do n't waste yours !
 Can not even figure out how to adjust the `` zap '' on this item . There are no directions . We 've had it for about 4 weeks and can not use it ! It stinks & we want a refund !
 This was awful ! Went through the setup and it worked perfectly . Testing on the dog and it did n't work . Seems to have a range issue . Changed batteries and tested range with device sitting upright on table . Stopped working at ~ 10ft . That 's right , 10 FEET ! Sent it back and ordered the PetSafe PDBDT and it works well , even through the house . Dog is running much less and listening much better .
 We 've purchased several of these Innotek brand dog training collars over the years with the same results -- they either broke or drained the batteries quickly . The craftsmanship of these units is flawed and they only work for a few months if you 're lucky.You 'll be happy initially because the collars do work for the short term , but you 'll be constantly buying batteries because they run down so fast.I have decided that I will never purchase anything from Innotek again because of the poor quality and design of all their products . Not worth the price even if they 're on sale , which by the way , they often are because word gets around about the horrible performance of these devices.In short , stay away from Innotek and save yourself some money and frustration .
 Tea Tree oil is the identical same thing as Neem oil -- which my dog has already been determined to be sensitive to . No where in the product description -LRB- nor on the label ! -RRB- does it disclose this ; I found it on the Internet when my dog began having a similar reaction to a Tea Tree spray as she did to the Neem oil she 'd used previously . I 'm returning this unused so ca n't review it otherwise but Amazon or someone should disclose this .
 I have bought a couple Kong items for my three Rottweilers . Anyone who has a Rottie for a furry child knows that this breed can destroy something in seconds with their strong jaws and sharp teeth . This particular Kong item was disappointing . After receiving the item , I gave it to my dogs and monitored them to see if this Kong toy held up and was tough like the other Kong toys . It did n't take long -LRB- probably 15 minutes -RRB- and my dogs had chewed pieces of the Kong off . I have n't let my dogs chew on this toy after they were able to chew off pieces in a matter of minutes.I ca n't say whether this dental toy cleans a dog 's teeth since I wo n't let my dogs chew on this item anymore . The other Kong items I love and my hard chewing pups have not destroyed these toys yet . It was very disappointing that this Kong was not as durable as the other Kong items .
 This was a descent heater for a year . It stopped working and had to be replaced almost a year to the date .
 My collar stopped working after 3 months . Innotek does n't honor their warranty unless you buy from an authorized dealer -LRB- which does n't include Amazon -RRB- .
 Innotek tells me that Amazon is not one of their authorized dealers , so they will not honor any warranty . I bought one of their collars and it stopped working after two months . No warranty service if you do n't buy from one of their authorized dealers .
 This `` training '' collar works relatively well if you are in line-of-sight , otherwise it 's hit or miss ... and the 300-yard range that they claim is pretty ambitious . However , the major problem with this product is the durablity of the remote . I have owned this unit for about a year , and have nearly worn-out my second remote . The first remote was replaced by warranty -LRB- I bought it from another site -RRB- . Filing a warranty claim was relatively easy and the replacement was sent within a week . However , the service rep I spoke with told me to keep all of the non-electronic components as back-ups for the entirely new unit they would be sending . It was a good thing that I did keep them , because they only returned the remote and unit .
 Just read about the product and , for the record , I can not dispute the fact that this is a pretty good product . I just can not believe that this thing weighs in at 41 pounds and shipping costs just as much as the merchandise ! I suppose I will have to do a little more research or maybe find a local store to make my purchase .
 The collar never worked consistently for my golden doodle . Judging by his actions , I 'd say it worked less than 20 % of the time and I tried a wide variety of settings for the collar and the barrier unit .
 This product simply did not work . I have two beagle puppies , 6 and 10 months . The 6 month old puppy did n't seem to even notice anything . The 10-month puppy twitched a little every few seconds but kept right on doing whatever she wanted to do.I put the collar on my wrist to see if it was working and because I wanted to see what I was subjecting my dogs to . It was working , but the range was sporadic - sometimes up to the three feet advertised and sometimes I had to be very close . The shock was very , very mild . I have since bought a SportDog 400S collar and it works great on the lowest setting , though of course it is manual so I have to actually be watching the puppies to correct anything . But the point is , my dogs are not immune to the shock training ... just the ZND-1000 is not even close to powerful enough.A word of caution - I bought the product from -LSB- ... -RSB- because they were cheaper than amazon at the time -LRB- wish now I had bought from amazon because they have a better return policy -RRB- . When I returned it they took a 20 % re-stocking fee , so I lost $ 27 for the two collars and systems . Check the store 's return policy before you buy this !!!! The packaging is hermetically sealed and it is impossible to get the system out to test it without destroying the packaging , so if the store wants all packaging intact for a return you are basically totally committed to the product whether it works or not .
 We were looking forward to using this to keep our dog out of the kitchen . We already have a SportDog brand inground fence system which works perfectly to keep our dog in the yard . This PetSafe Pawz Away system did not work with our existing SportDog collar like we were hoping . Bummer !! So , instead of putting 2 collars on our dog , we are returning the PetSafe transmitter and looking for a similar product that is compatible with SportDog . If you 're planning to use an existing collar , make sure your system is compatible , so you do n't have to pay for return shipping like we did !
 For 2 weeks , I thought this was an excellent product . But it just does n't seem to be as effective now . I 've changed batteries thinking that would help , but it does n't . The batteries do n't sit in the collar very well and we 've had to put a rubber band around the lid to keep the batteries fitting tight . I would n't recommend this .
 It sucks . I 've got a 10 pound mini aussie and it does n't keep her out of anything . It is very inconsistant , occasionally she 'll yelp at being shocked , and most times , she 'll sit within a foot of the transmitter eating cat food . Its range is also very small , the radius on the highest setting is below the 3 feet claimed .
 I was told that SportDog 's sister division PetSafe made an interior BARRIER system that would work with the SportDog Electric Fence System.WRONG.This item -LRB- Barrier System -RRB- will not work . They make an interior FENCE System that works with SportDog fence collars . -LRB- PetSafe # PIRF-100 -RRB- Love SportDog , love PetSafe , but be aware that multiple calls will get multiple answers and EVERY SINGLE ONE WILL BE DIFFERENT . When in doubt bypass the first line support drone and speak to a supervisor.Also be aware they just ca n't understand how we laypeople might confuse one round disk interior wireless barrier with adjustable radius for the round disk interior wireless fence with adjustable radius . They are totally different do n't ya know . -LRB- NOT ;P -RRB-
 I have a Pomerainian . She is 7 pounds . I purchased this product because I did n't want to shock her but wanted to keep her out of certain areas . This product DID NOT work for her at all . I can see her hesitation but she walks right through the ` barrier ' . I will be returning this product promptly .
 THIS PRODUCT DID NOT WORK FOR MY DOG . I WANTED A PRODUCT THAT WOULD KEEP MY DOG OFF THE PORCH FURNITURE . MY DOG IGNORED ANY SIGNAL THAT HE RECEIVED FROM THE COLLAR . I REPLACED THE BATTERIES , THINKING THAT MIGHT BE THE PROBLEM , BUT TO NO AVAIL . MY MONEY WAS WASTED , I AM SORRY TO SAY . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 I purchased two transmitters and one collar . After one week the first transmitter was dead . No it was not a range problem , it was a product does not work issue . I even tested the coil with a magnaprobe . It was dead.A few days later the collar fell a part . My dog only wore the collar a few times.Now to an even bigger issue . The range setting is crap . After over an hour of testing , I finally determined that the problem was not setting the range or placement of the transmitter , it was the fact that the product is junk.I hope that someone saves themselves a few bucks and avoids this product . I have test three different parts of this company 's products and they are all garbage .
 Does n't work on the dogs . We read all the how tos before and it does n't work . It does shock me , but the dogs have no idea anything is different .
 I liked that this was glass and not plastic but it did n't work . My guinea pigs were unable to drink from it . Not sure if it was because of the valve for the water . Luckily I read about leaving another functional water bottle while trying out a new one or my guinea pigs would have dehydrated . I 'm stuck using a plastic one still which tends to mold . I was hoping I would n't have this trouble with a glass one , but guess I 'll never know . Only good thing is Amazon 's service was great and gave me my money back .
 i got 2 of those bottles i liked the fact that it was made out of glass because piggies like to crew i was wrong i payed so much money and both of the bottles start leaking right after i start using them i hate it i have like 5 bottles not working in my house
 I bought this at a pet store . I wish we had just waiting and purchased a bottle on amazon because we would have seen all these awful reviews . We had the same problem that many users had with no water dripping out . The dangerous part is that it drips at first , so even testing it after filling is n't a guarantee that you 'll catch the problem . I read many reviews online looking for a solution to the no-drip problem , including testing it at various levels of fullness , but nothing worked . One review suggested removing an inner gray seal , but that nothing like that exists on my model so I really have no idea what they 're talking about.The bottle is sturdily built and includes two types of attachments -- wire hanger and spring -- which is why I 'm giving it 2 stars , but ultimately this bottle is a danger to your pets , so please buy something else .
 I bought this water bottle for my two baby Degus . After I filled the bottle with water I attached it to the cage and then pretty much forgot about it until two days later when I set up a larger cage for my Degus . When I washed the bottle out , refilled it and attached it to the cage again my Degus began to fight over the water bottle . After watching the bottle work I realized that after the water was emptied out of the tube the air that took its place was not going into the bottle to let more water down into the tube . So I had to sit there for half an hour shaking the bottle every 30 seconds to keep the water flowing for my Degus . Needless to say That same day I went to the pet store and got another glass water bottle that works perfectly.DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !
 When I first gave this to my mice , I noticed they seemed to be struggling to get water from it . Thinking it was either defective or they had to learn how to adapt to a new bottle , I gave them some time and added a water dish to supplement the water bottle . I do n't know if the bottle ever worked properly , because about a week and a half later I came home to find that the bottle had leaked all over the cage . I tried to refill it a few times and it continued to leak . I even followed the BS troubleshooting instructions on Super Pet 's website , instructing you to `` fill it all the way to provide the best suction '' and that did n't work either.I got scammed !
 i think that my water bottle is not letting out any water because my chinchilla has been acting wierd and not eating . Now I am almost certain though , after reading the reviews from other people that bought them . trust me when i say DO NOT BUY THIS WATER BOTTLE ! it sucks
 I purchased this water dispenser from a local pet store recently . After watching my rat closely I noticed him becoming increasingly frustrated while trying to drink from it . He would tap , tap , tap it with his mouth and then raise up to look into the bottle , he would try drinking from all different angles and even tried pulling it down off of the cage wall . As soon as I noticed this I immediately removed the bottle from his cage . After a brief inspection I realized the bottle was not dispensing water , I tried several different things to get it to work but it would not dispense any water regardless of what I tried . I replaced the bottle with a basic one and my rat was able to drink from it with ease . It 's obvious by my experience with this product and the stack of negative reviews found here on Amazon that this product is flawed . Please save your money and choose a different bottle.Cheers .
 The nozzle leaked all 1L of water into my chinchilla 's cage overnight ... . what a mess . I can not recommend this product .
 This water bottle stinks . We 've bought two thinking it was just the one bottle , but they both leak terribly . The whole cage is wet and the water lasts about 1/2 a day . It is also nearly impossible to open it to refill it . The metal part just keeps spinning around the plastic cap .
 I have bought at least 4 of these bottles because something has been wrong with each of them . They either would stop dispensing water or leak , but they were the only ones at PetSmart so I kept getting them . But I 'm finally looking in to something else . Horrible product .
 I have to agree with the other reviewers about the poor performance of this water bottle . I have had two different sizes of this particular brand of bottle and both failed to dispense water . Recently , I set up the larger bottle to give our hedgehog water for a long weekend . When I returned the poor animal was weak from lack of water . Although he had not had problems getting water from the bottle before this episode , It had been a long time since I last used it . -LRB- For his usual daily water feedings , I used a smaller plastic bottle . -RRB- I assumed I had not completely cleared the air from the nozzle or our aging hedgehog had gotten too weak to move the larger ball in the large bottle . When his regular plastic bottle began to leak , I replaced it with the 6 oz version . After one day , I noticed the water level had not changed . After manually tapping the ball to insure water was coming out , I offered the bottle to our pet . Sure enough , he was unable to get a drop of water despite vigorous attempts at drinking.Avoid this brand of water bottle !
 I just bought two of these bottles . I originally bought a smaller one and no water came out . I returned it for the next size up -LRB- which was actually the recommended size for my animal -RRB- . That bottle is not putting out any water . I have read some of the reviews here and will try the idea of ` not filling it up ' however this is a dangerous product . No one really expects to have to monitor a water bottle . If the tip given in the prior review does n't work , I 'm returning it and will switch products .
 After having bought a Petco brand 12-oz bottle for my gerbils that leaked like crazy , I bought on a 12-oz Super Pet glass water bottle . Unlike the Petco 12-oz bottle , this one was much too tall to fit into my gerbils ' 10-gallon tank
 After 1 1/2 weeks of using this water bottle , my guinea pig died of dehydration . Absolutely no water came out . I thought he was not thirsty . After he died , I found out that no water came out of the bottle after one or two drinks . I am heartbroken . My other water bottles worked fine . Do n't buy this ever .
 I would give this 0 STARS if I could!I did not buy this on Amazon , but my experience with this water bottle was so life-threatening for my pets that I want to share my experience so that someone else does not run the risk of losing their animals!I bought this water bottle at a local pet store for my two new pet rabbits , because I thought a glass water bottle would be easier to sterilize and to see the water level more clearly . In installed it in their bunny condo , and the next morning , despite my poor bunnies working furiously to get water , I noticed that the water level had not budged at all and NO WATER was coming out when I tried tapping the ball release with my finger . Luckily , I had a back-up Lixit water bottle on hand , which the bunnies drank steadily from for the next 30 minutes because they were so dehydrated.DO NOT BUY this water bottle ! The water release valve is defective and does not release water ! You will end up with a severely dehydrated or dead pet!Buy a Lixit brand instead ; they are not glass , but very reliable , which is what you need to insure that your pets are well-hydrated .
 I bought this about a year ago ... for the last 5 months i have struggled to keep it going ... it leaks about 1/4 of the bottle a day ... the issue is the top rust out and the leaking starts . I would NEVER buy this again . Hope this helps the next person .
 Purchased from local pet shop . No apparent problems until ratties began to drink from it . A steady stream of bubbles to the top creates a suction effect that joggles the bearings inside , leading to a constant dripping . Bottle empties itself in five minutes . Rubber washer could likely have solved problem.On the plus side , the design of the bottle is keen . Laying flush to the cage and held securely in place . A shame about the leaking , though .
 Leaked right out of the box . I assumed I was missing something , so I read the directions and confirmed that everything was in place as it should be . The leak was pretty bad . A steady drip . I definitely would not recommend .
 This is a nice , sturdy glass bottle , with a spring clasp and a wire hanger . The problem is , the tube has a ball bearing type stopper that leaks when you invert the bottle into the cage drinking position . Apparently , there is a manufacturing defect . Perhaps the tube is at the wrong angle to allow the stopper to prevent leaking . When in the fully upright position , the entire contents will eventually leak out , a drop at a time . That is not acceptable . I bought two and both had the same problem , so I returned them . It is a very nice design ; it is a shame this problem exists .
 i just got it and when i opened the package there was glass all over the bottom of the box , i did n't even get to use it so i suggest you do n't use this product .
 I just got this bottle for a couple baby rats , and when I hung it on the cage I saw them get a bit of water and figured it worked fine . I heard them drinking all night and thought wow ! they drink a lot of water ... . this afternoon I watched them trying to drink closely and they were just trying so hard and nothing was coming out . They were fighting over the nozzle . After I shook it they drank water vigorously for about 1 minute and sure enough it stopped dispensing water again . I repeated this about 10 times till finally they got enough . Poor guys did n't have any water all night long ... now I have to go out and buy a new one that will hopefully work . Do n't buy this bottle , or you will always wonder in the back of your mind if it 's working or not . Not worth the worry .
 I will first start by saying I am not a new rat owner . I have owned many rats or I probably would not have noticed them looking dehydrated , and they would have died.We bought a new cage , bowl , and water bottle for our newest additions , 2 baby -LRB- about 4-5 weeks old -RRB- rex rats . We put everything together and saw them drink out of the water bottle , so we thought its working fine . Then comes the holiday weekend , when my family and I are gone most of the day . We hear them drinking when were around so I never thought to check and make sure water was still coming out . BAD CHOICE ! This evening I go to get them out and notice oddly , even though they have been drinking alot , the water bottle level has not changed over 4-5 days . I touch the bottom , at which point one of the the rats ran over and tried to drink again , and no water came out . I had to tap it 6-10 times to get any water out , at which point the rats started licking it off my fingers . Keeping in mind these are babies , who are still terrified of us and hide from us , are here licking water off my fingers . We take the water bottle out and shake it till water comes out , only for a few drops then it stops again . While my husband made a late night trip to the pet store minutes before they closed , I sat with a saucer of water at the kitchen table and watched my terrified ratties , totally ignore me and slurp down the water . I am soooo happy I caught this before my babies died.PLEASE DONT BUY THIS BOTTLE !!!! Its not worth the risk !! EDIT - I contacted the maker of this water bottle , only to be told that extensive testing is done on them before they are released on the market . I suggest anyone who has had this problem contact them so they know and hopefully will remove this dangerous item from the market before more animals are murdered with it !!
 All I have to say about this bottle is that if you get one that / works / you are the lucky one . After having pet rats all of my life , I found this bottle and thought , `` Great ! A better bottle than what I have been using ! '' I got it . Returned it because it did n't work . Got it again . Returned it again . SEVEN bottles later I got ONE that worked . When the neck on that one broke months later , I had to go through the process again -LRB- by this point I was getting them at pet stores and they were all the place was selling -RRB- . TEN bottles later , I got one that worked . There are products of super pet 's that I think are wonderful , but this is NOT one of them . My entire family and many of my friends have had this problem . It is a waste of your money . Their double ball technology simply creates a full vacuum if anything is even a little bit off . The animals ca n't get anything out , YOU ca n't get anything out . The little bubble of air just bounces around in the tube -LRB- you can / see / it happening -RRB- but never rises to the top of the bottle . And do n't think that removing the rubber washer inside will help . It does n't .
 I recently bought this water bottle for my mice . I was hoping it was heavy enough to prevent the bottle from banging against the cage every time one of my mice drank from it . I noticed about 2 days after I put it in there that they were drinking from it a lot more then I ever remember them drinking from the last bottle . On closer examination I realize that the water level looked like it had n't dropped much . I tested out the nozzle and sure enough the bottle is letting little to no water out . I googled it to see if there was anyway to fix the issue and it looks like a lot of people are having the same problem . I do not recommend this bottle at all . It was a complete waste of money .
 I loved this bottle when I first got it . It is glass , but very thick glass . In my experience thin plastic bottle break more easily . I could go on about the reasons I like it , but I wo n't waste your time . I 've had it for a month , and now it has begun leaking . I do n't mean a drip here and there . The whole bottle was empty in less that an hour . Waste of money . I wish I could get this bottle with a better valve .
 I thought these bottles were a terrific idea -- i bought 3 of them for my guinea pig -- and the worked really well at first -- but not for long . I did not find that they dripped -- in fact quite the opposite . After a while of washing these everyday , the metal tube becomes detached from the cap . I thought it was n't a problem -- I mean -- you can just stick it back in . But for some reason that I can not figure out , it stops giving water after my cavy 's first sip . After every drink -- I had to shake the bottle in order to get it working again . I 've tried putting the tube back in loosely , tightly , and everything in between -- nothing helps . I have switched to the lixit glass bottles and she is soooo much happier . Hopefully -- they will continue to work .
 Liked the glass , high capacity , and little floating duck . However , this bottle has some serious flaws . First of all , it can not be mounted on the outside of the cage or the nozzle wo n't reach inside . I mounted it inside and was hoping it would work , even though filling would be a bother with it mounted there . For those of you with ferrets , you know that sometimes you just want to let them sleep!Well the next morning , I hear them drinking , but it goes on for 15 minutes ! Wow , someone was thirsty . Nope , the bottle was full and they were ferociously licking the nozzle . There was barely any water coming out . I put their old bottle back and they all rushed for it . This one is going back.Actually , there is a worse bottle . The one that has a little bar on the end instead of a ball . My fursnakes could n't get it to work .
 My Lhasa Apso loves his kong and all of his Kong toys , but these Ziggies make him sick . I do not know if he is allergic to the ingredients but he doss not have a sensitive stomach for other foods or treats . The only time he has ever thrown up is after chewing on these . My vet indicated that she no longer reccommends them because she knows of other dogs that throw up after chewing on Ziggies . So much for easy on puppy 's stomach as they claim.If you have any question about why your pup is sick after these I would take them away and see if it clears up .
 These made our dog sick . We probably should have known , if you look at them they do not look like they are anything that would be good to give to a puppy , but we like our kong and so we bought these.I wish I had read the note about allergies before . I have since learned that my vet does not recommend these either!Good Luck
 Wish I had seen these reviews before giving this to my 3 and 1/2 month old lab puppy ! She `` seemed '' to love this treat until 6-8 hours after she came down with the trots/runs ! Do not buy these unless you want your poor puppy to have diarrhea for two days !
 I bought these thinking that they would be good for my puppy to chew on in her kong . When I picked up and looked at the label , I should have know not to give this to her . These Ziggies contain wheat gluten in them . My puppy had the diarrhea from these for a few days . I ended up taking her to the vet . Do n't buy these , buy the kong treats for puppies , they are healthy for puppies .
 Bought for travel from the East coast to Hawaii . It was not stable enough to roll , once you try to roll it your pet is at an angle position and it falls over while moving.We left it at the hotel it was so bad .
 My dog never even attempted to play or chew on this toy . I think it is too hard which gives her no desire to chew on it because who would want to chew on a rock ... well she does prefers rocks over this toy . This was a waste of my money , oh well .
 Not a healthy chew toy . Ends of bone are made of hard plastic which becomes jagged and sharp after only a little bit of chewing . Because of bulbous shape of bone , the jagged plastic rubs against dogs ' gums , causing bleeding.There are other bones made from similar plastic , that are much flatter shaped -- helping reduce the chance of plastic cutting into dogs ' gums.Or you could try the Kong rubber bonesKONG Goodie Bone Dog Toy , Medium , Red . They last pretty long with our two mid-sized moderately aggressive chewers .
 I bought this toy for my lap puppy who is 6 months old . Within 24 hours , small shards of the plastic were wearing off . I immediately threw it away because I was worried about him digesting the small pieces of plastic . I can not believe someone has not made the Nylabone folks pull this off the shelf . It really worries me that they say it is Vet approved .
 My medium breed dog easily chewed off the ends until they were frayed and spikey . The worst part was that the hard points created by the chewing cut his paw open in two places while he was playing with it . Needless to say , we 'll stick to the more basic nylabones from now on .
 Feel I wasted my money on this product , still sits in the house brand new , dog wants nothing to do with it unfortunately : -LRB-
 Ordered this item because it was advertised for POWERFUL chewers . Received it yesterday . Within an hour our 60 pound , 1.5 year old pit bull has the center green portion more than half eaten . She also managed to get off a few of the nylon nubs on the end . I would not recommend this item for powerful or extreme chewers .
 While this seems like a fairly good product , we 've had a problem with this one . This is not a solid bone with green rubber over the middle . It 's three pieces with the ends attached with plastic pins . To the story ... My vizsla-pit -LRB- amazing chewer -RRB- somehow managed to chew the nub loose from the green middle section , by chewing off a portion of the side of the nub . She then proceeded to get the , now c-shaped , nub stuck over her teeth to around below her jaw . It took half an hour of working on it and a swollen lip to get it unstuck . Moral of the story is that I 'll never buy chew toys that are n't one piece again . Giving two stars because my dogs absolutely love the nylabone dinosaur chews -LRB- and no one reads a one star review -RRB- !
 I know that my 1 year old bulldog is an extreme chewer , so I bought him this toy . I had read the reviews about the middle part being chewed off , but I did n't think that my dog would or could chew off the middle part , especially since he had different nylabones before and he loved chewing the part he was SUPPOSED to chew . I WAS SO WRONG . The first thing he did was chew up the middle part and had chewed pieces off in less than an hour .
 I did not like this chew bone AT ALL . My poor lab 's mouth started bleeding after just chewing a few minutes . My daughter noticed pink in her mouth . After checking the bone I decided to return it . The nubs on the end turned pointed immediately causing the bleeding . I like Nylabone products , just not this one . Amazon sent me a return shipping label and credited my account right away .
 My 70lb yellow lab is a power chewer , and seems to think her mission in chewing is to pick things apart -LRB- like meat off a bone -RRB- . I 've been really pleased with almost all of the Nylabone products that we 've given her , and my only reservation with this bone was that she might go on a search and destroy mission on the green part.But what happened instead was that she picked apart the end pieces , getting `` too large to ingest '' chunks off , and revealed the hollow center . I was disappointed .
 I had such high hopes for this bone ! I own a staffordshire bull terrier who is a powerful and voracious chewer . The plastic ends of the bone would be perfect for her , but they put this rubber layer in the middle -LRB- the green part -RRB- and she has torn it to shreds . I gave it to her last night and this morning I have little green rubber bits all over my floor and she ingested a fair amount of it -LRB- says it 's non-toxic and has n't seemed to bother her -RRB- . In any case , if your dog likes to shred rubber this is not a good option !
 I bought the dog version and was highly disappointed . Not only do the bubbles not smell like anything at all -- much less bacon , but the gun is loud enough to scare my little dogs and it makes a mess while only blowing a few bubbles . Tried to blow bubbles wihtout the gun , but not a single one would form . Other than the gun actually blowing bubbles as advertised , this is a total let-down .
 I bought the dog version of this -LRB- same device , different packaging -RRB- . It is absolutely beyond useless . As another reviewer notes , you can only put in a small amount of bubble solution . After a few pulls of the trigger , the solution starts leaking out of the trigger housing onto your hands , pants , couch , whatever - so forget this for indoor play . And about the bubbles
 This product was useless . Once I filled the chamber , level or not , it leaked . When I hit the trigger nothing happened . The little wand in the gun moved but never blew any bubbles just dripped all over the floor . Tried to use the bubbles without the gun and just used a regular bubble wand and that still did n't work . Terrible product . Waist of money . Would never recommend this to anyone !!!!
 The gun is not very practical . The liquid easily leaks out and the gun is so loud it scares , rather than entices , the cats . Also , it does n't make very many bubbles before it runs out of liquid , because the chamber is too small . Also , the liquid does not smell like catnip at all - it is virtually scent free . My cats had absolutely no interest in this toy at all , and they are both very friendly , playful cats . Unfortunately , this was a good idea but it did n't work very well in practice .
 I like the idea of a containment system like this , which allows you to correct and contain . However , I think the implementation of the dog collars is severly lacking as far as the durability . When it is working , it does discourage the dogs from leaving our property . Since we have 1 1/2 acres of land , and 2 German short hair pointers , it is essential that they get exercise , but not leave the surrounding areas . It works fine when it is working , and the training does work good . But the collars seem to go bad within a couple of months , and the batteries need replacing on a very regular schedule every two months . And the batteries are relativity expensive -LRB- Usually over $ 6 at Radio shack , or higher -RRB- . Thus it does cost more than $ 75 a year just for batteries . But in two years I have had to buy more than 7 collars just to have two that work . And the company does n't seem to care much . I am sending 4 collars back to them to have them see why they have gone bad , but I had to suggest this , and ask them to study it . Furthermore , they did not say we would be happy to replace them , just that we will study why they went bad . They all exhibit the same problem and failure mode . I just think the engineering lacks something and they must have had a bad part in it that fails for some reason or other . I would seriously tell someone not to buy this product line from them , maybe another vendor , or try another line in their product lines , like I am , the IUC version -LRB- I am using the SD-3100 version -RRB- . Since I have spent over $ 1200 over the past two years on trying to keep dogs in , I am not happy with this product . I will try their new version , but if it does not work , then I will switch vendors.The other thing that does irritate , is that they have the zone system , but it does not work with the SD train and contain line . So you must spend some more money for another type of collar and system . Why ca n't they just have a universal system that all of the extras work with ? And please do n't give my some mumbo jumbo about it , for I am an engineer and know what does and does n't work , and what can be designed and what ca n't . Like my sign said in my classroom `` I always wanted to be and Engineer , now I are one '' . I do n't know if the new IUC line works with the contain n train , because the literature is severly lacking and un-informative as to how things work , and what they work with .
 I purchased 4 of these at the same time for my kittens . The kittens are less than 5 pounds each and the straps broke within days of them laying in the hammocks . Poor quality straps .
 Unfortunately , this item sent my 2 6wk old ferrets crashing to the bottom of their cage . The straps broke within 10 minutes . Because I needed this hammock asap I had to reinforce the seams connecting the straps to the fleece.Be careful with this item ...
 This hammock was large enough for my 13lb cat who loved it and hopped-in right away . But , with only about 24hrs of use , one of the strings broke . Fortunately my kitty was n't sleeping when it broke and was just trying to get settled-in . If he would have been sleeping that would have definitely been dangerous . I could fix that one string , but I just do n't trust it enough . I 'll probably just cut off the strings and use it as a blanket for my kitty instead .
 I got this hoping it would n't be crap . Within two days the lines holding up the tent were torn so it went into the trash . Do n't buy this
 I opened the box to find a very flimsy lightweight tent that I knew would n't last a day . I was wrong . It did n't last 10 minutes . The first time my male rat stepped into it , a strap broke and scared him to death . Luckily he was ok and did n't break his neck as he fell . I did n't chance letting them use it again , as it was so flimsy anyway that the bottom was sure to rip apart as well someday.Trash man took it away that night and it is now resting peacefully in the dump .
 My rats loved this tent . One of them however , is a marinator ... he likes to just pee where he is and then sleep in it . I had hoped I could wash it but the thing does n't turn inside out . I washed it anyway , twice , but could n't get it clean so I had to toss it . I will be sticking with hammocks instead .
 ok with it got purple as showed on pic the only thing that sucks it is n't sturdy needs more support ferret loves it and is having fun with it do n't think it 's going to last long though do n't know unless you try it
 We have three large dogs and the Innotek SD-2000 fence system . The system overall works great , the only downfall is the collars break . We 've had four collars fail in 16 months . Something breaks inside of them , they start rattling , and they 're gone . Innotek did n't even take the time to pot the electronics in this collars , they 're put together so cheaply it 's like Innotek did n't care if they broke . Maybe OK if you have small dogs , but if you have big dogs that play hard - you 'll be replacing these on a regular basis ...
 I was so excited to install my fence and get my two dogs off a chain . In the last 14 months I 've gone thru 5 collars for 2 dogs . It 's getting pricy to maintain . They fall apart ; which we 're learned how to fix that problem ; then after 6 months or so , they become intermittent and do n't work all the time . On three occasions I have found my dogs several miles from home . It 's heart breaking . I would be totally devastated if I were ever to lose them .
 this system has worked great for my boston terrior . Unfortunally I have had to replace two colars at $ 70.00 a pop within the last two years and need a new one again . Bottom line is the colars break easy and you will have to invest money to keep your system working .
 think im on my 5th collor in about 5 years . they just stop working , , , dont know why , , , not getting them wet or abusing them in any way.wish i went with different system , , its $ $ $ getting new collor each year .
 we bought the SD2000 and two additional collars for our 3 dogs ... . after a labor intensive installation I was ready to begin the detailed training program outlined in the DVD provided with the system . I was very dissapointed to learn that the additional collars did not come with the protective training caps to put on the extra collars to start training the dogs -LRB- the training caps allow you to put the collar on your dog but it protects them from getting shocked so you can first train them to learn where the boundry is and only hear the tones -RRB- so , I called innotek to find out how I am supposed to train my other two dogs . They told me I could buy a kit that has the extra plastic caps for $ 10 per kit ! and the kit includes the removal tool and extra prong extenders that already came with the collars in the first place . They then suggested that I dissasemble the collar between training each dog and install the caps on the next dogs collar . Sounds easy , but when you are trying to train 3 dogs each day on this month long training program , the last thing you want to be doing is disassembling a collar three times to accomodate the different dogs -LRB- my dogs range from a lab to a chuahua -RRB- . Long story short , it probably would cost Innotek about $ .01 to add the little plastic caps to each collar sold , but they wer n't smart enough to think of that to keep customers happy and rather than pay and extra $ 20 to buy parts I do n't need , I will probably go to Lowes and try to find something to act as a protective caps . I 'm just ticked that I ca n't start the dog training yet . thanks innotek !
 I was very excited to get the farret bed but my excitment ended a week after I received the bed . It is a piece of junk . I put it in my farret 's cage and a week later the plastic clips -LRB- that raise and lower the bed -RRB- broke and now it just lays in the cage . My farret wont even use it because it wo n't hang like he likes it . I wish I never bought it .
 It only lasted a couple days with my ferrets . I think the design is bad and should be sown stronger between the straps and the actual bed .
 This item hanged great very upset that there is no cushion in the bed . My ferret hates it!will not buy another !!
 I was hoping to replace the Petmate fountain our cats currently drink from , which as many people have noted , gets dirty fast and needs to be painstakingly cleaned by hand . But this bubbler was quite a bit different , and the cats did n't take to it . It 's very large , more like you would expect for a dog water dispenser ; we could n't fit it on a kitchen counter like we had hoped , so it had to stay in the laundry room . Then I took it apart to run it through the dishwasher , and broke the hard plastic tube the air comes through . The break was right under the valve that dispenses water , so it would n't close properly and water overflowed . That 's right , I managed to break the one part in just such a way to make the whole thing useless .
 Bought 1 , hole in bottom let water leak ; bought 2 -LRB- returned 1st after trading the blue base -RRB- & the ` quick fix ' was to burn the hole so plastic melts to create a seal . Tried to wash , the plastic tubing was very stiff & broke apart . My opinion , the first batch made was probably the best , then they got greedy & used cheap labor & parts to meet demand . WASTE OF MONEY !!!
 Cat never drank out of it , and it leaked through the bottom onto my carpet . Trying a `` real '' cat fountain , one that actually pours the water like a sink . Could have just been a bad unit , but I would not bother .
 I purchased this after reading a thoughtful online review of water fountains for cats , rating this model very highly . I was very much looking forward to getting rid of our plastic drinkwell fountain which is very noisy and difficult to maintain . Unfortunately the bubbler simply did n't work . I assembled it as instructed , attaching the small hose on either side , filling the water holder , and attaching it to the bowl . As soon as I plugged it in , the water inside the holder started bubbling but there were no bubbles in the bowl itself . I wondered if this is what was supposed to be so enticing to the cats . As I sat there trying to figure it out , the water from the holder was steadily filling the bowl and kept going until it overflowed . I took the unit apart again and by tilting the bowl backwards with a small amount of water in it , I was able to see how the bubbler was supposed to work . I unplugged it and went out , leaving it for my husband to discover . When I got home he told me he found it -LRB- along with a lot of cat footprints -RRB- in the bathroom and that it did n't work . We returned it . I would not even try this product again unless it was a lot less money . It is not very well made and the parts are too flimsy . Also had it worked , I would have worried that my cats would bite the plastic tubing.Petmate Ultra Bubbler Watering System , Medium , Peacock Blue
 The concept is great , but the bubbler is too loud , so my cat does n't use it .
 I decided to buy this because it did n't use a filter . I use filtered water , so I did n't need the additional filter in the machine . Also , I used a Drinkwell in the past , and the water had tiny black flecks floating in it from the filter . I got this set up pretty easily , but saw right away that it bubbled too much . My cats would not go near it . There is soposed to be a knob at the back that turns the bubbles down , but mine would not turn . I finally tied a loose knot in the hose and it turned the bubbles down . However , whenever one of my cats tried to drink out of it , the bubbles popped in her face . So far none of my three cats have taken a drink from it . I 'm returning it and using the Drinkwell without the filter , at least they were not afraid of it .
 The pump was so loud , that I could n't use it . And , it does n't hold much water , I like LeBistro much better - even if it does n't have water movement . This unit was just not user friendly , since my cats were scared of the noise it put off . Live and learn .
 I just received the Petmate Ultra Bubbler Watering System today . I put it together , filled it with water , set it down on the floor and watched it leak water all over ! There 's a hole in the bottom . I 'm sending it back !
 This bubbler was so noisy and it scares my dog so she wont even cross in front of it . I had to put it away same day I got it because it made her tremble.It might be fine for a larger , more agressive dog .
 I have 7 dogs . I thought this would keep their water fresher longer -- it does n't . The tubing gets gross looking and the plastic container does n't hold very much water . Not recommeded .
 This is a great idea , but I think it might need more tweaking . The reservoir holds a lot of water , which is good , but there is no filter . So any cat hair , stray food , or whatever your 18-month-old might be trying to throw will end up in the bowl . Then it sits there , usually after sinking to the bottom , until you dig it out . Also , with mine at least , you had to fiddle with it and fiddle with it to get any real bubbles to appear . A shame , since the cat really did like the few bubbles I was able to coax out.If this somehow filtered the water AND made bubbles , I 'd be all over it -LRB- like cat hair on a pastel couch -RRB- .
 I bought and returned 3 of these in one week . The first one never bubbled , the second one bubbled for 10 mins and the third one bubbled for 3 minutes . The valve and hose attachment is poorly designed and cracks when the bubbler is assembled . The pet store where I bought this said they are constantly returned and suggested another type of pet fountain . Save yourself the return postage and look at another brand .
 Maybe I expected too much , it ` bubbled ' on one side only , and none of my cats cared for this ` bubbling ' . But alot of reviews say the opposite . And I have 7 cats.However this was my first Amazon return , and that worked out very well .
 Easy set up but it just did not work for me . Tried to get it to pump , but no luck . I ca n't comment further on features since I did n't get very far with product . I have since purchased something else .
 Residue built up in the air tubes and its impossible to clean . I never noticed my cats really giving a damn about the bubbles , they drank with the same pattern . Anyway , I broke it when trying to clean it , as its operation had dwindled , and now I 'm back to regular bowls .
 i received the fountain , reassembled , then it is start leaking , i found a hall under , fixed it but still leaking , it is waisting time and money
 I 've had this for several months and the cats loved it at first . They would sit right in front of it and watch the water bubbling for minutes before playing with their paws , then they would drink from it . But the tubes crack very easily during cleaning and it 's hard to clean the gunk that 'll build up inside the glass tubes . In fact , the first unit came with already cracked tubes . I had to return it and was promptly sent another replacement . But as mentioned earlier , the tubes of my second unit cracked while I was disassembling the unit for cleaning . So I 'm now running the unit with broken tubes . It still works fine , but the the gunk will still build up pretty quickly in the tubes , and the cats would refrain from drinking from it . I do n't mind cleaning it weekly , but it is almost impossible to reach inside the tubes to thoroughly clean it . I 'm considering buying a drinkwell fountain instead .
 I bought this for my cat with kidney issues , to encourage her to drink more -LRB- preferably not from the toilet -RRB- . It worked -- she did like the fresh bubbling water . But this product is cheap ! The plastic wore and discolored within a few months , and the tube that the water runs though started to get brown and grody-looking . Then , about 10 months later , the motor gave up and the whole thing leaked all over my floor . Now kitty is back to a regular bowl.Next time , I 'm investing in something nicer , and probably not plastic .
 I was really excited about this cat fountain and it would have been perfect with it 's huge reservoir and easy clean-up but unfortunately , 2 out of 3 of my cats developed cat acne on their chins from drinking from this fountain . I 'm guessing it 's the type of plastic as the Drinkwell fountains are definitely made from a different kind . It 's real unfortunate as I love this fountain in every other way . I even tried wrapping the rim in aluminum foil to see if it would help but no luck .
 I was hopeful that this product would serve its purpose but it gave out within two months of the day I purchased it . I used it outside and the weather did n't cause it to deffect . The pump quit working and I did n't keep it running 24/7 . I turned it on for a few hours each day . I thought the price was good but since it did n't last very long , I would not recommend it .
 I bought this at the pet store and returned it the same day after hearing how loud the motor was . My cats ran from it , and I found the motor noise too annoying to have the thing in the same room with me . My cats love bubbling water , so it was the noise that bothered them .
 So I bought this from Amazon based on the many positive reviews of this bowl and figured that even if the bubbles did n't work , I still had a pretty decent sized water tower for my dog . Turns out I was horribly wrong.The first unit arrived and I cleaned it like I would do if I was buying something for myself , I do n't want my dog to drink up packing dust and whatever else might be on/in the bowl . After doing so I set it up and filled the tank . The water filled the bowl and I did n't notice any problems . I set up the bubbler and it seemed to work , but I noticed that one side was definitely bubbling a LOT more then the other . I did n't think too much of it and walked away , not quite sure what to do with the air pump that kind of just sits there -LRB- they do NOT provide a place underneath this thing for the pump , so it just has to sit at the back of the unit . -RRB- I come back to see how its going and maybe fit the pump under the unit when i felt water underneath the bowl . I quickly picked it up and noticed there was a hole underneath the bowl about the size of a .5 mm headphone jack , maybe a little bit bigger . I also noticed this hole is there due to poor manufacturing because I saw how the bowl is molded together and it seems to ... lack at where the hole is . I thought this might be a single problem and might be able to fix it myself . I dumped the water out and got some epoxy out ... which is when I noticed that the air tubes were cracked which is why it was bubbling more on one side then the other . I was like ok , this is BS so I 'm going to have amazon send me a new one.Amazon quickly replaced the unit with another one . This unit had the SAME PROBLEM . The air hoses are directly on top of the hole so you THINK this will cover the problem but it does not . The unit still leaks water ... and honestly if you are making a bowl for a dog to hold WATER there should not be ANY HOLES AT ALL ... oh but the air hoses were n't cracked this time ... This pretty much ends my review of this , I hope they manage to fix this problem because this is a good idea but with poor manufacturing processes and horrible quality review -LRB- honestly if there was ANY quality review this would have been caught and fixed . -RRB- this will never get anywhere . I will have to take my business elsewhere .
 This product has a nice soothing sound as the water bubbles other than that there is nothing good about it . This product has leaked water all over my floor at least 3 times for no apparent reason so it does me no good . It is currently stored on a shelf with a bunch of other stuff I am going to get rid up . A waste of money !
 I bought one of these a few years ago . It worked for a couple of weeks very well and a few more weeks ok and then not at all . The valve is very fragile . Soon , I had to turn it up all the way to make it bubble at all and then the valve simply broke and it no longer bubbles.The cats -LRB- I have a few -RRB- took a few days to warm up to the bubbler . It slightly mists them in the face and I think that was the reason they did not like it at first . After a few days , they did seem to like it . One of my cats is a splasher and the bubbles only made him want to splash more . I could not fill the tank or else I risked being forced to mop my kitchen each morning . On the upside , this proved that the tank held quite a bit of water.My other problem is that the plug is ok if your outlets are on the floor but if they are like my kitchen and are at the height of the countertops , you may have issues . I had to rig a little stand to sit the pump on so that the cord would reach . Otherwise , the pump would dangle from the cord and the vibration of the pump will make it constantly bang into the wall.Cleaning is not easy with this either . The unit has to be assembled to fit perfectly and there are a series of tubes that are snapped into place in the bottom of the dish . The tubes are small and parts are easily lost . You have to clean them with those small tobacco pipe cleaner brushes . If you lose the caps to the tubes there will not be enough pressure to push the air through the tubes and produce bubbles . The one convenient feature to cleaning is that all of the `` dirty '' parts are completely submersible since the pump is external.I would have liked this much better if the valve had just held out and kept on bubbling ! I have just taken out all of the tubes and fill the tank to water while I am away .
 This bubbler works as advertised but is EXTREMELY noisy . I could hear the bubbler loud and clear on the third floor when it is in the kitchen on the first floor . I got a shock when i switched it on the first time , the noise is annoying and nearly deafening . I regret buying this bubbler totally and would not recommend it to anyone .
 This looked like such a great idea , but the only thing that bubbled was the reservoir , and it filled the bowl all over the floor , no stopping it . One arm of the bubbler was broken . This could be a great product if it were n't plastic . Its a good concept , but the product is poorly made . I 've returned this product , do n't buy it .
 I would love to know how other people who have indicated this unit is not noisy are using it . It is EXTREMELY noisy , regardless of how I 'm holding it or how the pump is positioned . I am definitely returning it . Very disappointed .
 We bought this bubbler for our two cats around Christmas.The night that we set it up , one of my cats ate the rubber air hose ! If cats like plastic straws and rubber bands , why would a manufacturer create this bowl with a rubber tube ?! My cat was just chewing on the hose , and as he was chewing ... it broke off into sharp little pieces , which my cat swallowed.We had to rush him to emergency surgery so that they could remove the 20 + pieces of 1-inch tubing from his stomach -LRB- I have pictures -RRB- . Our vet was just as upset about this product as we were . It cost us $ 1300 ! We tried to contact the manufacturer to make them aware so that they could fix the problem and/or help pay our vet bill , but they just said it was my cats fault for swallowing the tube!This is a strong product liability case , but unfortunately pets are considered ` property ' in the state of Georgia.PLEASE SAVE YOUR PET AND DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 The base unit had a small hole in it and it leaks large puddles of water . I took it out of the box and started to set it up and saw puddles and puddles of water so I am packing it up and sending it back to Amazon .
 We had this cage about 30 days . In the first 20 days of ownership , one of our cockatiels got his foot caught in the opening between the food access door and the cage twice . Both instances , his foot was hurt . When we were disassembling the cage for return to Amazon , we also noticed that some of the welds had already come off.Maybe this cage would work for a larger parrot but it definitely does not work for cockatiels due to the safety issue I mentioned.And if I had a larger parrot , I would not want a cage with faulty welds that failed within 30 days of ownership.Either way , this is a poorly made product and I would recommend against buying it .
 the cage itself is ok ... the cleaning is a hassle ! It 's impossible to get the seeds out of the seeds catcher ... It takes me an hour to clean the cage !
 The product came pack but the cloth had holes where the tags had been placed .
 It works and our dog loved it but it kept failing on the seams . Customer service kept replacing it until two years were up and then they said the poor quality was our problem since they supplied new ones to cover the two year warranty . We patched the seam and then the other seam failed a few months later on the other side of our final replacement . We replaced it with a K&H COOL BED II . With such a poorly made product I do n't know how the Canine cooler company will survive ?
 Big disappointment . I wish I could get my money back . These DVDs show trained dogs doing tricks but if you have an untrained dog you would do much better with something like the Bow Wow series by Virginia Broitman and Sherri Lippman .
 These things are HUGE !!! X-small ???? Not even close !!! When I looked up returning them the company wo n't reimburse you for shipping , so it would actually cost more to try and return them ! I 'm going to donate these and look for something else . So disappointing !!
 Purchase of this product not very wise . Parakeets need fresh fruits . Instead of this product , purchase fresh or dried fruits . Invest in your birds good health not junk food !
 This was the worst product I ever bought ! It 's so small , and the sqeak only worked if you pressed on it so hard - I paid twice as much to ship it as it cost - I would n't have paid more than $ .05 for it if I knew how awful it would be !!!!
 Our bunny loves to reach up and play with the dangling bell , but it really does n't hold hay well - Most of it falls out .
 I bought 2 of these hay balls for our piggies last week and already the chain has come off of one . The chain was barely welded to the top of the ball instead of being secured with a loop the way our other pet-store-bought hay balls are . Disappointed .
 ok well if you do your research on google it says that salt sticks are not good for guinea pigs its not healthy but i guess the rack is good i dont think its worth your money because there are better hay racks on amazon.com dont waste your monkey on this one
 The description says it has a &#34; locking lid &#34; , but you have to have the lid locked in place just to keep the body of the feeder open like it 's supposed to be . The walls should be able to snap into place and stay there while you open the lid to replenish the hay . But what happens is that once you wrangle the top open , the panels collapse and you are forced to cram the hay into a non-rigid assembly , and then somehow get the top to &#34; lock &#34; back up . This is WAY too much effort to expend a couple of times per day , and the irritation it caused was just not worth it .
 The product -LRB- Recovery SA Powder -RRB- was supposed to be powder consistency . When I opened it , it was all stuck together in one big lump . I tried using a spoon to loosen some of the powder , and mixed it with some peanut butter . The dog would n't go near it . Then I tried to scrape more from the lump , but was unsuccessful . By the time I got around to showing it to my husband , who noticed that the moisture packet had burst -LRB- hence the lump -RRB- , it was too late to get my money back -LRB- my fault , I know -RRB- . The point is , I almost poisoned my dog -LRB- who was smart enough not to go near it -RRB- . I was not happy with this product at all . Unfortunately , this experience made me not want to try another bottle . Hopefully the company will switch to a hard moisture packet so that this will never happen to anyone else . So , needless to say , I have no idea how effective or ineffective it is .
 The treats are too hard for a budgie to eat . I had them in the cage for a while before they even showed any interest . Cairo walked around with it for a while , but since they cant hold it with their feet , he couldnt break a piece off . I tried securing it to a treat holder , they still couldnt eat them .
 I have 2 cockatiels & 1 lovebird and they have absolutly no inteest in this snack . My birds are very good eaters of bird & people food so if they do n't like this my guess is it 's not to flavorful .
 I bought a package of these at the local bargain store figuring I had nothing to lose.When I first introduced a Birdie Banana to my two parakeets they flew for the hills . Since they would n't take it from my hand , I laid a `` banana '' on the cage floor . Nothing doing.The next day I just placed a treat in their food dish . Again they would n't touch it.Finally I smashed a Birdie Banana to smithereens between two metal spoons and put the pieces in their food dishThis time they did eat some of the treat , a good thing because I was worried that I had wasted a dollar.Having to resort to such measures defeats the purpose of having a separate , special treat though.I had thought of hanging a treat on one of the cage bars but these treats are mighty small and they come with no hangers.The package says that Birdie Bananas have a taste that birds ca n't resist . Mine have done a pretty good job resisting .
 The bird did not like these ; not at all . Again due to seller 's expeditious delivery of goods I would buy again from this vendor .
 It was expected I receive the stuffed animal for my dog last week and I still have n't got it !! pretty disappointed
 I ordered this Kong Teddy bear toy based on reviews I read here . My dog is only 15 lbs but he loves to chew and destroy . I needed a toy that can keep him occupied and would be durable enough for him not to tear holes through . I have been satisfied with the rubber Kong toys so I figured I would give the cute teddy a try . My dog loved the toy however it was chewed through in about 2 days . I liked the removable squeaker feature however my dog was able to create a big hole in the face and body that having the feature does n't really matter . He was able to chew through the ears , legs and arms the first day . By the 2nd day he was able to get to the squeaker . So , ... my two cents , ... Kong rubber toys are great but these soft plush ones are not anywhere as durable if you have a dog like mine . My dog is a very cute shichon lap dog so I did n't think he would be able to destroy it , ... but he did .
 and my JRT tore it out within 20 mins of having this toy . I wish I could send it back . Do n't get this if your dog is hard on toys
 I though Kong made pretty durable toy , but not this one , my dog destroy in a day , do n't buy it if you have a big dog , waste of money .
 The frog and duck toys held up so well that I decided to get the teddy bear -LRB- it is SO cute -RRB- . Poor Mr. Bear does n't last a day . My dog is 12 pounds and it is so incredibly easy to chew the limbs off these guys . My dog gnawed off the leg of one of the bears so we bought him a new one -LRB- what were we thinking ? -RRB- He gnawed off another leg . We duct taped it back on and he gnawed through the duct tape . Cute toy for small pups if they are n't big chewers but my dog is just determined to eat this thing .
 I just inherited at Dachshund who loves to chew . I bought her a toy from a local retailer that lasted only 2 days . When I read about kong toys , I thought I 'd found the answer . What a joke ! In less than an hour , she had pulled the Velcro from the lining , made a hole in the head , and then pulled empty squeaker pouch through it ! Guess durable does n't mean what it used to . One other thing ; I wanted to give this zero stars , but the site made me rate at least a one . Trust me , it is a ZERO !
 My 19 lb . Boston Terrier loves stuffed toys , but only to pull out the stuffing . So , I usually buy stuffing less toys . I decided to give this toy a try based on reviews about how tough it is . Well an hour later the toy is destroyed.I 'll go back to buying stuffing less toys . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 Okay KONG is known for creating some pretty tough , ready to take wear and tear items.This is not one of them.I was looking for a plush like toy my 20 lb dog could play with ... they say there 's not that much stuffing in it . KONG did not have to pick it up from all over the apt.Said brown bear was stripped and gutted in about an hour.Skip this one .
 This toy was destroyed by my puppy in only a few hours ! I am calling the KONG company to complain !!
 My dog who is an aggressive chewer recieved this for Christmas and within an hour had one of the feet pulled off . He did love it and carried it around the house squeeking its head but , within two days the squeeker in the head was pulled out . They did have the head squeeker sewed into a fabric pouch so I was able to retrive it before it was chewed/swallowed . I did n't bother to put the extra squeeker in the body . Would not recommend this toy for a dog who tears apart stuffed animals , it did n't last more than a couple days .
 Despite what others say , this is n't what you had hoped for . My lovable mutt ripped the ears off in the first 10 minutes and proceeded to destroy the rest within the first day . The extra squeaker is a nice touch but not really necessary when you are left with a face minus the stuffing and the squeaker holder on the outside . Picture a gutted bear ... not pretty . I believe I 've given up on trying to find a stuffed animal for my pooches .
 I have a 5 lb yorkie who LOVED this toy immediately . For 48 hours he wouldnt stop playing with it . Normally if I walk to another room or outside , he will follow me or cry . With this toy , he wouldnt move . I was elated he had a toy he loved so much . Highly disappointed when on day 3 I noticed not only was it coming apart , but the squeaking insert was also no longer working . I know this is as a fairly inexpensive toy but no one wants to buy a toy that lasts two days . I really want to buy him another one since he loved it but I refuse to keep buying him new toys every few days ! I expected better from KONG !
 This is certainly a cute toy and Lexi was excited to see it . She 's a mid-sized dog , my roommate 's `` Golden Doodle '' for those who follow hybrid breeds.To be fair , she does chew through toys pretty quickly , I had just hoped this one would be different given the reviews . Also , technically it 's not the KONG material that tore , it appears to be the stitching around the bottom that she ripped through . And the stuffing that came out was not the mess that some toys have , it was actually an inner plush pouch , with a squeaker inside , that came out , so the toy is still usable ... at 20 hours and counting ... if it does n't come apart any further it 'd be acceptable in this state.I feel odd posting this rating since all the other reviews are 5 stars . We might try another KONG toy , maybe the snake . The thing was only $ 8 with shipping , and she 's certainly enjoying it for as long as it lasts , so I ca n't give it a 1 . About our prolific little chewer , she wo n't chew on rubber or plastic toys , she 's just not interested . She does seem to love plush toys , especially with faces on them . If folks have any advice , I would n't mind an email . She does really enjoy plush toys , they seem to make her so happy , that it 's worth trying to find another one .
 I have two Boston Terrors and they tore an arm and a paw off the leg in like 30sec no joke .
 This toy is TINY and not worth the price . If my small dog picks it up , the entire bear is in her mouth . A huge disappointment .
 This toy is much too small to be safe for a dog , any size of dog . It is easily destroyed by a small dog and the very small pieces could be swallowed causing a very dangerous situation for your pet . Try the AKC brand of dog toys , they are well-made and much less risly for your beloved pet .
 I bought this because it was from Kong and the reviews were good . It did not last more than ten minutes before my dog ripped it apart . It was also smaller than I thought , only six inches tall . Its nice that there is n't any stuffing to pick up . My dog loved it though . But this is probably only good for small dogs .
 I bought this toy because most KONG toys are durable . This bear lasted about 10 minutes with my small German Shepherd female . First she tore off both ears then the nose . Once she got the nose torn apart it was all over and I took it away . I was looking for an extremely durable plush toy as she is extremely hard on them . This one did n't do it .
 This bear is about the size of a small hand . My Dachshund tore it 's legs and arms off in a matter of minutes .
 This item was so small , it was n't worth buying for the price . My dog devoured it in no time . The picture is deceiving .
 I just recieved two of the KONG bears today , within 15mins , my heeler -LRB- medium sized dog -RRB- had the poor bear legless ... now , its been just over and hour and all that is left is the head . I bought them hoping they would last more that a week . I also have a Japanese Chin -LRB- 14lb dog -RRB- and he tore the nose off of his bear . . these may work for a yorkie or a dog of that size ...
 In less than 5 minutes , my medium size dog -LRB- 40 lb -RRB- pulled off the tail and an ear . I 'm fortunate the dog did n't choke on this - this product is dangerous and not for your dog .
 This one lasted barely an hr before my 10mth old labradoodle pup got into its insides . Another hr and it was a goner . At least there was n't a big mess due to minimal stuffing . But would n't buy it again .
 Though , my dog -LRB- 70lb GSP -RRB- is a chewer . I did n't expect it to last very long . Just thought I 'd give it a try .
 I got this toy because I read the good reviews that it was indestructible , or at least last a couple weeks . My 7 months old puppy had an ear off in less then five minutes . In less then 12 hours he had the other ear off and had ripped open the belly from on end to the other . I was really looking forward to this toy holding up and lasting . But it did n't even last a day . Oh well , I guess at least I 'll know not to waste my money next time .
 I read the reviews on this product and thought this would be a good toy for my miniature Labrador . He loves to chew and sometimes gets sick eating too many rawhide treats . He loves his stuffed toys , but hates anything with a squeaker . If it squeaks , it must die . So , the first thing I did was remove the squeaker from the inside lambskin bag . I replaced the empty bag inside the bear , secured the Velcro and gave the bear to Buddy . The first thing he did was begin to chew on the Velcro closure . within 20 minutes he had the Velcro ripped off one side and was chewing up the inside bag . I have now replaced the empy bag and sewed the back shut with a strong twine . I give this toy about another hour or two and it will be ready for the trash . I wish someone would make stronger toys for dogs that do not have squeakers but are designed for chewing . Maybe they could use a tough canvas or something . Meanwhile , I 'll keep searching for something Buddy proof .
 I bought this toy for my mini dachshund , and within 10 minutes she had destroyed it.The ear was gone , and there was a hole the size of a golf ball in the bottom . I give up on trying to find her a squeaker toy that she ca n't destroy in a very short time .
 Do not buy this toy if your dog has destroyed every other stuffed or cloth toy . Its the same ! Despite being solid under the Kong name , my 6 month old Yellow Lab ripped it to shreds in minutes . Are there any cloth toys out there for Labs ?
 My cairn terrier destroys most squeaky toys in less than an hour . Based on the positive reviews on Amazon I bought this hoping it would last months like it had for other reviewers . It did n't . Within a few minutes my pup had part of the bear 's fabric ripped off , and in less than 3 hours had the pouch holding the squeaker ripped out of the bear and the squeaker destroyed . He still carries it around , but it does n't squeak any more . At least it did n't have a bunch of stuffing that I had to pick up .
 The `` Wee Wee Pads '' were advertised by the exact brand name found in the pet stores I frequent , so I thought the product would be exactly the same . Sadly they were not even close . They are significantly thinner , have rips in the plastic protector sheets and are strangely sticky.I would definately NOT purchase them again from this vendor .
 I thought I 'd found a real bargain . What I found were very very thin pads . The leaked . Very flimsy . Save yourself aggravation . Get Four Paws WeeWee Pads . Cost a little more but they are soooo much more . Any pads that say `` medical incontinent '' ... do not buy . They may be good for mice , not dogs
 I thought these were ok for the most part , very very thin and my puppy soaks them thru , not safe for hardwood floors , not a very sturdy plastic , but ok for my puppy she 's 2 lbs ...
 My bird turned up his beak at these `` Birdie Bananas '' . Lesson learned - Quaker Parrots do n't like `` Birdie Bananas '' .
 Not much to say on these would not buy again as my rabbits did not like them and for the price not many in the package .
 Not at all pleased with this product ordered from amazon . Yes I have purchased this product many times in the past from places such as Walmart/Petsmart and they have always been a hit with my bunny !! The product I rec 'd was a dark brown off color compared to the orange color when purchased elsewhere . I was hesitant about giving these to my bunny as they appeared to be old and stale . . Thought I would give it a try . Bunny was not happy with them and ate them begrudgingly . I still have a couple left and plan to throw them away . The product is made in china so beware.I have now started purchasing the product at Walmart and PetSmart again . I need to find another alternative altogether . . -LRB- Something that is not made in china -RRB- However this may be hard to do as my bunny enjoys the product and it is good for his teeth .
 Ferrets should not eat any sugary foods , including fruit , and these peanut butter crunch treats have raisins and dried banana pieces in it . My ferret was just diagnosed with Insulinoma and have learned that treats like these contribute to this disease . They are strict carnivores and are not meant to eat sugar . It is not good for their little bodies . Why a company would make treats for ferrets that are not good for them is beyond me .
 DO NOT BUY THESE !!! If I could put zero or negative stars I would . Ferrets can not digest sugary foods such as FRUIT and PEANUT BUTTER . It is extremely dangerous to give them these types of foods even just as treats as they can quickly develop Insulinoma or tumors in their pancreas . If it does n't kill them it will make them very sick , and they may go into epileptic shock . If you want to give your ferret a treat go with one which is high in animal protein such as Gerber 2nd stage baby food .
 Ferrets should not eat any sugary foods , including fruit . It is not good for their bodies . My ferret was just diagnosed with Insulinoma and have learned that treats like these contribute to this disease . Why a company would make treats for ferrets that are not good for them is beyond me .
 You will NOT get the bucket of balls shown in the product photo.You will get a little baggie of four balls as indicated in `` product features . `` Things that seems too good to be true , are n't !
 To bad the picture does not show that you only get 4 overpriced balls . When you find them at the store they are only 99 cents
 I was disappointed to receive only four foam balls in the order . The advertising picture is very deceptive . Although is does state `` 4 count '' , the picture surely does n't represent what you will actually receive . This will undoubtedly be my last purchase from this supplier , and Amazon for allowing deceptive advertising on their site .
 I also thought I would be receiving a bucket of balls . Instead received 4 and 1 one them was crushed somehow . Very Disappointed !
 So my dog loves the regular dingo treats so I thought I 'd try the beef variety . Got them and when I opened the bag , the smell hit me . My mother growing up was a smoker and the smell of these treats are exactly like an overfilled ash tray . So if you are put off by smoking or the smell of used cigarettes , then I can not recommend these to you . I can though however recommend the regular dingo treats . My dog goes nuts for the giant ones .
 Arrived quickly , packaged great but was disappointed in the merchandise . The dingo bones were quite old and stale , but I guess I should have known for the price .
 Smells like it 's been dipped in chemicals . My dog loves them , but I ca n't see how they can be healthy with that coating . They will dirty light-colored carpets .
 Our dog has the large ball and a plush toy that makes the same sound . We all laugh at the sounds these toys make and our dog has a ball playing with them . However , within 5 minutes of receiving this jack , he had one of the ends torn off . I think , if you are going to buy this toy , you had better supervise your pet closely !!!! We threw the toy out that day so it was a big waste of money . Our dog still loves and plays with the ball and plush toy and does n't try to destroy either one of them .
 Our dog who is partially blind loved the noise it made and throwing it around . However once he was bored with that he began chewing it and the plastic easily came apart and he tried to eat it . We had to throw it away after a couple of weeks because all the ends were chewed up and we were afraid he would swallow small parts of the plastic .
 ripped and torned in less than 15 ' . not worth it and unsafe ! The wiggly Giggly ball it 's far better .
 Opened the box and within 10 min my boxer had it torn and was pulling chunks of plastic off it .
 I recommend going with the natural cultures as a starter . This powder did not produce as fresh tasting a kefir as I would have liked .
 Be aware that the item you will receive is not chicken strips as pictured . Plato no longer makes chicken strips , but rather formed pieces which are called Plato Organic chicken and sold for less on Amazon . The seller would take no responsibility for the wrong picture , nor would they refund to me the difference between what I thought I bought , and the other product , which they also sell , for less .
 are these made in the usa ? do not see it in the product description and am skeptical when I do not see country of origin or manufacture ,
 I at least expected the wheels to be rubber , rather than hard plastic . For the money , this stroller is not worth it . sorry . I got just about the same quality from a stroller I purchased for $ 29 on Amazon .
 I bought this bone for our 8 month old schnoodle . He loved it , and ate all of the inside ` meat ' within two days . True , he should n't have been left to eat it so quickly but he also should n't have gotten sick . The day after he started eating this bone , he developed diarrhea with some blood for a couple of days . After a week , he is still having loose stool and yesterday he vomited twice . Otherwise , he has been eating his food and drinking water as usual and is playing like he always does so we have been trying to wait for his system to clear up on its own . Another couple of days of these symptoms and we 'll be taking him to the vet . Btw , I did a google search on the Dingo brand for any cases of puppies/dogs getting sick and I found multiple hits where people were talking about their dog having the same reaction as ours did . I also found out that there was a recall on another type of Dingo treat 1 year ago . Please look for another brand of bones for your pet , better to be safe then sorry .
 I got smaller hog rings than this was able to use . This listing really should of put the required size of the hog rings in so I would of known that.Although I did n't get to use the item , I can tell you it does not work very well . The spring in no way ` pops ' the pliers open , so you would constantly have to work to loosen the pliers after every hog ring . I actually ca n't tell what the spring does at all , it really seems to serve no purpose . It might be to keep the pliers shut after you squeezed them closed , but that would of been annoying to work with . These pliers do n't open smoothly at all.Maybe I got faulty pliers , but the spring and screw were hooked up exactly like how the picture shows.I was able to use normal pliers to finish with what I was doing , which was installing heated seat kit into my car.If you put the hog ring in the mouth of pliers -LRB- normal clamp pliers , that is . -RRB- before you attach it to the tension wire -LRB- in car upholstery -RRB- , the rings can shut on whatever rather easily once you squeeze . You just have to position it first.Save you money ; use good , standard pliers and skip this .
 The mouse has a very cute face and tail , the wireless remote control is also cutely designed . When the mouse does run , it runs fairly easily with the controls and moves in enticing patterns . However , the cons far outweigh any pros . First and most importantly , the charge only stays for about one minute before it runs out , which is obviously way to short for any type of play session with your cats . Also , the wheels pick up cat hair fairly easily and can impede the mouse 's movement . It 's not worth getting up and re-charging the mouse over and over again for what you get out of it . Going to have to say save your money on this one , definitely not worth it .
 I put batteries in it charged up the mouse as instructed , tested the controls wheels spun forward wheels spun backwards , front wheels turned left but when I tried a right turn the mouse died , have not been able to get it to do anything more , going to bury it sometime today , not worth the effort to send it back .
 Wasted money ! I had to get two replacements before I received one that worked ... somewhat . The unit does not hold a charge , the recharge connection is the most poorly designed thing I have ever seen . I 'm in the process of getting my money back
 cute idea at best . my cat jumped on it twice , and that was all she wrote . ca n't take much cat hair , either ; but then , who has cat hair on the floor anyway ?
 Do n't even bother wasting your money . Get a cat something it can actually play with , like fly swatter .
 I was super excited about getting this toy because I thought it would be so much fun for my 2 cats . I could n't get the toy mouse on the charger first of all ; not user friendly at all . It was so frustrating trying to get the mouse to even attach to the charger ! It worked for the first day and then would n't move at all . Plus my cats were afraid of it ! I am going to take this back right away and get back my 15 dollars !!!
 Worked great at first but with each re-charging it seems to function less and less .
 Worked great for a short while . Now that the cats are interested in it , it does n't hold the charge any more . What a disappointment to both me and my cat .
 Unscrewed the case , added batteries , then tried -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- to line up the mouse for charging ... got a few flickers to tell me I was on the right track , but eventually returned the product .
 This toy took forever to remove from the package . It never really worked well , it always kept dying . I used an insane amount of batteries trying to get it to work . I finally threw it out , my cat did n't ever like it anyways . Oh well
 Though a regular Amazon customer , I did n't buy it here because the shipping cost always kills me on cheap items to Alaska , especially UPS or Fedex , but that 's another rant . I bought the same thing locally and it was incredibly underwhelming , even with my pretty low expectations for a twenty dollar cat toy.First , it does n't look all that much like a mouse . It 's only a mediocre simulacrum , certainly not enough to fool a cat , and they 're not notoriously smart.Second , it does n't come with batteries -LRB- OK , fine -RRB- , but even after installing them the fit of the mouse to the charger is far from clear and requires enough pressure to risk breaking what is obviously flimsy construction . I passed that hurdle and successfully charged the mouse.Third , operation time is limited to about a minute . Maybe you do n't think that matters , but trust me , you 'll need five times that to barely engage the attention of your cat.Fourth , it 's very rattly and noisy . My cat is n't very skittish so eventually she started honing in , but the operation time could n't generate enough feline interest to make it useful.Finally , it would n't turn after only three cycles . It is now stuck in a right turn only mode . There 's some sort of calibrator on the bottom , but changing the settings to any position has not restored turning functionality . So , it is basically broken after one half-hour of use . It 's going in the garbage.This is pure junk . At least it 's cheap , so when you do n't believe me and buy it anyway you wo n't be out too much .
 Not sure if it works or not because the screw on the battery door is stripped and nothing on this earth will get it out . If it was meant as a way to keep a human busy for hours then it works as it should . As a cat toy , well I would n't really know since I ca n't even put a battery in it .
 I cant believe this toy costs over $ 15 !! I struggled for over half an hour to get it on the `` charger , '' battery only lasts about 30 seconds once it starts and there 's a useless `` forward '' button on the control that does nothing . But the worst part is that it scared my cat : -LRB-
 After one day of use this toy is now in the garbage . Basically to much cat hair gets trapped into the wheels which causes it to stop working . It was also rather loud and the cat was n't a fan of that.This may seem like a fun toy but you are better off getting something else .
 I bought one of these from a local store after seeing it advertised here as a Ferret Chase Toy . Sure , my ferrets chased it , caught it , then stuffed it away under the sofa to be forgotten . It 's just too slow for ferrets , and they get bored quickly with this toy . You are better off with a small and fast R/C car .
 The recipient of this gift stated that it took her 45 minutes to get the mouse to work . Then she kept pumping batteries into the toy , only to have it die after a few minutes . The toy was broken on the first day . Dead on Arrival ! Sounded like a great idea for an indoor cat .
 I bought this for my cat last year . And frankly she loved it , however it broke almost instantly . The wheels in the front stopped it from working and then it was worthless . It appeared to be quite cheaply made , I would stay away from this item if you are looking for a long lasting cat toy .
 This is a great idea but it 's very cheaply made . The charge does n't last long and cat hair clogs the wheels . It works best on non-carpeted surfaces . It 's an ok toy if you do n't mind taking it apart and cleaning out the cat hair . But , my cats love this mouse so I 've continued to buy new ones after they break . I 'm on my 4th mouse in less than a year . First one stopped taking the charge , the second one would only turn left , 3rd one never worked from the beginning . I 'm looking for a little R/C car to replace the mouse all together .
 Okay I do n't know about everyone else but my puppy now smells like a old lady so if u like that smell knock yourself out !? I do admit it really takes that dog smell away but I hate the smell . I have n't tried the other sprays but the gold STINKS !!!
 This product is no better or worse than any other cat shampoo . However , the packaging is very poor . I bought it on line . The retailer packaged the plastic bottle carefully in bubble wrap . Even so , when it arrived the top was cracked and it leaked all over the items I ordered . There was enough left in the bottle for two cat shampoos . After using it , I ca n't say that there is anything noticeably better about it that makes up for the poor packaging .
 This product is dyed with some cheap chemical , in huge quantities . If you touch it , your hands will turn the color of the ball . If you touch it with a wet hand , you will be brightly dyed for 3 days . Luckily we realized this before our bunny poisoned himself . This is a disgusting and dangerous product that will hurt your pet . This amount of dye is obscene and unnecessary . Obviously unsafe .
 The product showed up on time but the wheel is too narrow for a full grown Chinchilla . My pet can walk in the wheel but is unable to run because it is too narrow . Also the wheel showed up broken . I was able to fix the broken wire with epoxy but probably wont buy another one .
 This wheel was not extra large It is mid sized and the chinchilla does not fit on it . The wheels I have ordered in the past -LRB- for the same price -RRB- have been a full size bigger
 Bought it for our small Holland Lop rabbits , who are small . But , this box is only appropriate for a very , very small rabbit .
 The item arrived late , but it arrived . I did have to write Ozbo -LRB- the company -RRB- to remind them to ship it , and upon replying they had not shipped it . They promised that it would arrive on time , but it did n't . I suppose you should hope that your item is n't anything valuable that might break , since they do n't package items well . Other than that , the product was fine and as advertised . I am giving it two stars for the service , not for the product .
 The Ware Plastic Lock-N-Litter small pet pan is horrible . I got it to hang up , as my rats like a lot of floor space and so I thought this would be awesome . Well , I hung it up and then gently pressed on the plastic bottom to see how much weight it could hold . It warped . It has NO stability to it and just bends back against the cage . So , I let my rats just play in it for a while while looking for tips and tricks and I heard a loud BANG . I look over and the thing has popped off the holders and dropped down to the bottom . My rats are now terrified of it . If I wanted a litter pan to just sit on the bottom of the cage , I would have just used a tub .
 We were hoping to get rid of all the runners in our kitchen and hallway , since our lab wo n't walk on the laminate floor . Once in a while she slips , then wo n't walk anywhere . She WILL walk on the floors with the hott doggers on , but they do n't stay on very well . After two days I was tired of putting them on 5 or 6 times a day and gave up . Back to the runners .
 I have a German Shepherd that drags his hind toes -LSB- to the point of `` quicking '' his nails -RSB- and planned to use these on his back feet while on our pool deck . On first use , when I apply them as tight as possible , they do stay on ; however they immediately spun so he was walking on the fabric side , not the `` bottom '' . I then sewed the Velcro strap across more of the boot , thinking that would help it stay on properly . It did n't - they still spin around . He has now worn through the fabric side . I 'll have to see what other modifications can be made to try and keep them right side up . I expected them to wear out but not within 3 uses of about 30 minutes each.On the positive side , he is not bothered by them at all and they do stay on , even during/after swimming . If I were to order again , I would go a size smaller . I used the suggested measurement procedure and ordered the large , but think a medium would definitely go on and maybe eliminate some of the other issues .
 Not suitable for medium to large dogs because they can disappear it in half an hour . Good rawhide chews of this side should last for hours .
 didnt fit my pet rat and one of them is pretty big they just slip out of it so completely pointless and not what i thought it was
 I 'd return this item , but the vest was so strapped into the packaging , that the packaging had to be town apart to release the vest.Immediately after opening the vest , I knew it would n't fit my baby guinea pig . It was way too small.And then , within a matter of minutes , the plastic adjustable clasp broke.It 's really too bad , because it arrived so quickly , and it looks quite sporty .
 We puchased these for our -LRB- 3 -RRB- guinea pigs and they are awful . The leashes do not fit on the animal - we tried in vain for 45 minutes to get these to work and the guinea pig simply puts its front paws through the front of the velcro and slips right out . We woud have returned these products -LRB- the three we purchased -RRB- , but the kids were SO excited -LRB- thinking they would work -RRB- that they tore the packaging . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! These should not even be sold .
 My guinea pig is less than one year old , and this harness was still too small for him . The neck is too tight , and even once I expanded it with Velcro , the waist was too tight anyway . He looks ridiculous in it and does n't like it one bit . I 'm sure it works fine for ferrets , but do n't buy it for a guinea pig . Both you and your cavy will be disappointed .
 Since my guinea pig loves to run , I thought this would be perfect ; but it 's far from it ! I tried both the medium and larger sizes , and both were too small . Even the largest size was too small around the neck for him . It fits around the middle , but not around the neck . I reccomend NOT using this product at all ! It is dangerous to the guinea pigs as it may choke them .
 I purchased this air pump seeking a pump that would be able to power a large set of airstones at a depth of 3 feet . Many other pumps that I tried were not quite up to the task.This pump is louder than a standard vibrator pump , but if you need a heavy duty device that pumps a lot of air , then this is the one.Update
 I read the reviews and I knew that this would not be `` quiet '' , but I was not ready for how loud it truly is . Maybe it does a great job . Maybe it 's better than diaphragm pumps ... that 's all well and good , but if you ca n't be within 30 ' of the tank because it 's so loud , it is a waste . We put this in the tank cabinet and turned this on with the air valves off . The sound that came from the pump was the equivalent of a loud TV . There is no way to have a normal conversation in the same room as this pump when it was running . As a test , I turned it on , closed the cabinet , and made a call from my speaker phone that is about 10 ' from the tank , and the person on the other line asked me what the noise was without me prompting them . So , while this may very well be a solid product for what it is supposed to do , it is just too noisy to be practical in most situations .
 Pump arrived and the box containing the pump had been opened and the plastic handle on top of the pump was brokern . I have hooked it up and it has been running for a couple of days . Hopefully it will last . When I bought this I thought I was getting an unused pump that was not damaged .
 This item shipped on the 23rd of may , worked great for first 2 weeks then slowly started to get weaker and weaker , the 5th of august , it doesnt pump anymore :-LRB- waste of money , stay away .
 It was discouraging that this stopped working as we could not tell until the ice formed and the DeIcer was sitting on top . In view of the good reviews I am going to try another one and hope that the good reviews will prevail .
 Having successfully used a 1500 watt pond de-icer for my 250 gallon pond here in the Northeast , I thought I could save some money on electricity by buying a product that used far less electricity to accomplish the same result.After using it for one season , it `` gave up the ghost '' and no longer works . So much for believing the manufacturer 's claims.I recently read somewhere online that both a 1500 watt de-icer and a 100 watt de-icer will use the SAME amount of current to keep a hole in the ice open . It 's just that the 1500 watt one will do so while drawing current for a much shorter period of time while this one will have to run almost continuously in order to accomplish the same thing ! That makes a lot of sense to me because it 's reasonable to expect that the old adage `` you do n't get something for nothing '' applies equally to the world of physics as well as to the world of finance.So I 'm back using my old 1500 watt de-icer that has given me many , many years of service and I 'm now a bit wiser as well !
 I have bought many items from Amazon and am usually quite satisfy.This is the first time I wrote a review because it was such a bad experience from the product.Pros
 Great idea , and works really well until it gets waterlogged and breaks -LRB- quickly -RRB- . We 're lucky to get through half a winter before having to replace it . And even though it breaks within the warranty , you must pay to ship it to Colorado , and they will send you another identical piece of junk . The red Danner Pondmaster used to have the same problem , but the new one seems to be working well . Same shape .
 This heater did what it was supposed to do . Kept about a 12 '' diameter hole melted through the ice in temperatures near zero F. I did not have a float attachment but used nylon ties to attach it to a float . Now for this season , 2009 , it continually trips the ground fault outlet after a few minutes of operation . I 'm looking for a more reliable replacement .
 It worked great , but only for one year . The next winter when I plugged it in it just did n't turn on . I tried jiggling and tweaking and such , to no avail.I notice many others have had the same problem . How hard can it be to make something so simple that 's also reliable ? Very disappointed .
 IBought this a few weeks ago to be ready for the cold winter . It does not work , I even tried it in a large bucket of water to see , No , It does not work.I wish I had bought it recently , so , I can return it.Try it , make sure you can return it .
 Placed on my pond that only had less than an inch of ice . Left it out there for a minimum of 4 hours . Unit did nothing to melt the ice - the unit did NOT even heat up !!! Disappointed !!!
 my family went through 6 of these over the last 3 years ! seemed like a great idea . . worked ok for about 2 -3 weeks , then they ALL leaked in water , tipped sideways or sunk and did not work well at all . HAd to return them all . seems are not sealed properly . finally gave up on them when manufacturer admitted they 'd had nothing but complaints from almost everyone they sold them to . unless they can guarantee they 've found and fixed the problem , I would NOT recommend it !
 This is a complete waste of money . I bought one , used it for one season , and it froze solid into the ice . I had to spend four hours melting a hole with hot water and salt so I could use my old inefficient but dependable heater . I called the manufacturer who told me to cut off the plug and mail it in . I did , and I was sent a new heater.The next year I used the second heater and the same thing happened during a long cold spell -LRB- about three weeks in 20s by day and single numbers at night -RRB- . This time a little pool of water remained underneath the heater , but the pond froze solid a few inches beeath it . I pulled out the Thermo-Pond and spent hours widening the hole enough to put my old heater back in . I was lucky I noticed the problem , or I might have lost all my koi . I 'd never use one of these again .
 Worked fine for one winter . And that 's the problem with it . Save your money and buy something else unless you want to replace them every year . I switched to the allied stock tank heater . That heater is still going strong after two winters in my pond .
 I bought one of these back in Dec. once we got snow storm and a wind , it was trapped under the ice on the pond . Tried to chip out of the ice , I can not see it at all only the cord . Will have to wait until spring now . Will have to buy another one , and hope it stays on top the ice/water
 I buy lots of things through Amazon and for the most part , I 'm usually satisfied . However , this has got to be the worst piece of garbage they 've sold me to date . I purchased one of these last year from a local pond supply store here on Long Island , N.Y. , and it got me through the Winter of 2011 . Sounds good but considering it hardly snowed or got very cold last Winter , it 's also not saying much . When I placed it into my pond this past December , I noticed it was not working and in fact , the plastic housing began to melt before my eyes . At this point , I removed it from my pond and ordered a new one through Amazon ... same manufacturer and model number . I received it the first week in January 2013 and installed it immediately . It apeared to work O.K. for the first few weeks but that 's not saying much since there was only a very thin layer -LRB- 1/4 &#34; -RRB- of ice on the pond each morning during that time . On February 8 , we were hit with a pretty intense snow storm that left about two feet of snow on the ground . The next day , I went out to the pond and brushed the snow away to find the De-icer inoperative and frozen in a 2-3 inch layer of ice . I checked the ground fault outlet and it was working but the heater was not . Now that most of the ice has melted a few days later , I removed the De-icer and noticed the unit has a crack in the plastic housing . Unfortunately for me , I 'm about a week beyond the Amazon return policy date so I 'll have to write this one off as a total loss and purchase something else quickly before my Koi start dropping like flies . . Bottom line
 I bought one of these a few years ago , did n't last the winter , got another one via the warranty and that one broke even faster than the first . Do yourself a favor and spend the extra dollars for a better heater.In Cleveland area .
 I bought one a few years ago . The first year it worked great . 2nd year it failed in real cold weather . I contacted company and was told `` cut off plug and send back '' . I did and went and bought another one to get a hole opened for my fish . I received new one and wanted it as a back up . Well i went through four of these , some working at times and then not . Decided not worth loosing my fish and bought a more expensive de-icer . Not worth the trouble .
 I live in the Northeast Ohio area . We get some pretty good winters , but my pond is only 350 gallons . So , I thought this would work fine for my needs . I liked that it only uses 100 watts . I bought it at a local pond store for about $ 79 . It did not work at all ! I lost ALL my Koi and goldfish by the end of last winter . I tried to take it back to the store , but they would not take it back because I had waited too long since I purchased it . I bought it several months ahead in anticipation of the winter . Do n't waste your money . It is energy efficient , because it does n't work !
 A year and a couple weeks after first using this heater , I discovered my pond frozen solid . Of course the warranty is expired . Would definitely not recommend .
 I agree with the previous reviewer - these products are terrible . Sounds great but I 've been thru 4 in the past 3 years and they all fail . They eventually crack , leak , and sink . I would strongly NOT recommend this product !!!
 my family went through 6 of these over the last 3 years ! seemed like a great idea . . worked ok for about 2 -3 weeks , then they ALL leaked in water , tipped sideways or sunk and did not work well at all . HAd to return them all . seems are not sealed properly . finally gave up on them when manufacturer admitted they 'd had nothing but complaints from almost everyone they sold them to . unless they can guarantee they 've found and fixed the problem , I would NOT recommend it !
 I purchased this de-icer based on the mostly good reviews here on Amazon even though there were a notable number of 1-star reviews . I received the order from Amazon quickly , read the instructions and placed the heater . I noticed that after it had built up heat I could see that it was working . The area around the surface ice had melted . Good enough . The next day I went out and thought it odd that a little snow had collected on top of the de-icer and the space around the de-icer seemed to have frozen again . I left things go for several more hours and decided to pull the heater out only to discover that it was no longer working . It was n't warm at all . So , I made return arrangements with Amazon and purchased a different de-icer . Needless to say , I was incredibly disappointed with this purchase . I had hopes that it would do a decent job but to stop working after a day and a half puts this product squarely in my junk category .
 This is the second one of these I have purchased . The first one lasted two seasons . The second one lasted only one . Too bad the only way of finding out it does n't work is AFTER the pond is frozen over . I should n't have to test for continuity BEFORE I throw it in the pond . JUNK !
 The colored balls are okay and get some pecks but the bell is a dud as far as any tinkle that might amuse the bird . Or human .
 It yo have a parrot it will last about a week . I have a Sun Conure and he made short work of both of these . Right price thought , I suppose you `` get what ya pay for '' . Amazon & seller did a great job as usual .
 My dog LOVED this bone , but I should have known better . She had serious diarrhea for 10 days after one day with the bone . If your dog has a sensitive stomach -LRB- mine can not tolerate rawhide or many other treats -RRB- , beware .
 My dog , a beagle , hated this bone . . she was afraid of it . . and she chews many a bone . I did not realize that there would be &#34; grizzle &#34; on the bone and to tell you the truth I was a bit grossed out ! Ended up throwing it away .
 I bought these mice hoping Pet Stages ' claim is true about them helping to reduce tartar . My cat has a furry mouse toy filled with catnip , and she loves it . I put that one away and replaced it with a chew mouse . It remained in the same place for several days . I dangled it in front of her and tossed it , but she would n't touch it . She did n't sniff it or bat it with her paw out of curiosity . I even used catnip spray on the chew mouse , since she goes crazy for anything I spray . Still no interest . So these chew mice will be donated to a thrift store which supports an animal shelter .
 My cats barely even glanced at these cute guys . They did walk over and give them a sniff but they would do that to anything I threw out on the carpet . One cat gave 2 sniffs , the other barely one . And then they both walked away and have n't had the slightest interest in them.They are cute !
 Unfortunately , my cats have never showed any interest in these mice . I got them because one of my cats chews everything in sight , but they have never played with these .
 I got this item at a local store . It looked like a great idea , but it was actually a huge disappointment and had to be returned .1 . Expandability . The frame is supposed to extend from 26 '' to 42 '' , which is true ; however , the expansion is fixed in 1/2-inch increments , so unless one happens to have a doorway that has exact measurement like 36 '' or 40 1/2 '' , this will not fit . This is a big problem , as the gate is pressure-mounted -LRB- see below -RRB- .2 . Pressure-mounted gate . This gate is `` pressure-mounted '' , meaning it has two rubber bumpers on either side , which is mounted to doorframe by extending the gate to the fullest length possible within the doorway and securing it with a steel latch . This setup , however , is not sturdy at all . I tried rattling it lightly , and found that the rubber bumpers moved very easily on painted walls -LRB- non-gloss -RRB- and wooden doorframe -LRB- gloss-painted -RRB- alike . My 2-pound Maltese puppy is in the habit of jumping and moving even steel wire playpen -- this certainly would n't stand against a full-frontal assault ! 3 . Portability . The gate is certainly light , but it adds to overall instability when mounted . The instruction says it 's easy to secure or unlock the latch and relocate the gate , I actually found it rather difficult to undo the steel latch that secures the gate at a given length . If it 's this much trouble to mount or unmount the gate , it defeats the purpose of having a `` portable '' gate !
 It was n't what I expected . The gate does n't hold up well or stay in place . I followed the instruction as directed . I ended up sending my back .
 doge save for later , wo n't eat . after one bite , the dog leaves rope alone . i wo n't buy anymore of these .
 This gate is not a sturdy one . Would not recommend this gate to anyone . Had to buy a sturdier one .
 Well , seeing that I needed an extra wide gate , I had few choices , and this was the only one that would fit -- the only reason I bought this gate . Bought last Dec -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the gate lasted all of 5 months . My little dog has chewed through the filmsy wooden slats and escaped . I would have fared better using boxes of rocks placed side by side to keep the pooch in the pen . Total waste of money !!
 This leash choked my poor rabbit . As the rabbits run , the leash tightens and it was very hard for me to get it off of her . I would not recommend this product to anyone !
 We purchased a leash of this type , but it tended to tighten on the rabbit and made her panic . She was angry for the rest of the day and kept thumping whenever we went near her .
 My rabbit was way too smart for this kind of thing . She slipped right out . Get a cat harness for your rabbit instead . It 's secure and it does n't bother them when they 're in it -LRB- getting it on is another matter -RRB- .
 I think its too thin and tightens as my rabbit runs . Rabbits are skidish by nature so having anything like that around their neck is stressful . I am going to use it for my bearded dragon and wrap it around the dragon like a vest . I would recommend a vest for sure !
 If I could give this product negative stars , I would . When I first got 20 years ago , rabbits , I tried three of these harnesses made by Four Paws . The flaw in this type of harness -LRB- called a `` figure-eight style '' harness -RRB- is that you can never get the clip tight enough to ensure the neck loop wo n't become too tight ; and if you try , the screw will jam and you 'll have to cut the harness off . I had to cut all three off of rabbits . The first two times , it was just an inconvenience to me . The third time , however , it almost killed my rabbit . She jerked on the harness , pulling the neck loop tight around her neck and began to choke . By the time I was able to reach a pair of scissors and cut it off her , she had stopped breathing . Happily , I was able to revive her , but I do n't want anyone to have to test their infant CPR skills because of a poorly designed product.There 's a reason this harness is cheap
 My dog was able to remove the muzzle by sliding the strap over his head within minutes . I would not recommend this product for pet owners who have escapists as pets , but it may work well for the more docile dogs .
 The muzzle fitted too tightly on my Golden Retriever and she was able to remove it within minutes by pushing the strap over her head . Overall , I 'm not satisfied with the product . Since I got it for about half the price currently stated , I did not bother to send it back for a refund .
 If you have a larger breed dog -LRB- GSDs , Labradors , Huskies , etc. -RRB- , beware of the sizing.I decided to buy one of these muzzles for my 9 month old German Shepherd for when he goes to the Vet . The sizing information on the packaging and the website are all way off so I did n't really get to test it out . They both suggest a size 3 for GSDs , but in reality , the size 3 is half of what my dog would need . And my dog is standard size , so he 's not over-sized or anything.I returned this and ordered a Size 4XL . Hopefully that will fit .
 The muzzle appears to be new , but it did not come in a package -LRB- as pictured on website -RRB- . It looks like seller is buying bulk items and then re-selling them . Cheap price -LRB- $ 5.39 -RRB- , but muzzle is very stiff -LRB- backpack type material -RRB- with somewhat rough seems . I had to guess at the size since it was not stated . I got an extra large because I have a Chow-Newfoundland mix . It is a little on the big side . I plan on just using it when my dog has to have his nails trimmed at vet -LRB- they ask for this -RRB- . Since my dog is not a biter or chewer it works ok . However , if you have a dog that has to wear a muzzle for an extended period of time , is a biter or tries to get muzzles off , this is NOT the product you want to get.Note
 I ordered a dog muzzle and I thought the seller was DogStuff-4u . The product was actually shipped from another seller - Absolutely Pets . Unfortunately , the muzzle was too big for my dog so I wanted to return it . Absolutely Pets charged 20 % restocking fee plus shipping fee according to the return policy . What return policy ? I could not find the return policy anywhere . Not in Amazon . Not in Absolutely Pets . Not in DogStuff-4u . With this kind of charges , it was not worth to return it . If you want to order products from DogStuff-4u or Absolutely Pets , you better hope you do not need to return them . Will not place order with DogStuff-4u and Absolutely Pets again .
 They actually sent me the wrong size . I ordered a size 4 and they sent me a size 3 . It was sent to my mom 's house so I did n't notice until I went back to her house and she had already opened it . The shipping charges were not worth the hassle to send it back . They should check next time to ensure that they send the right size , because if it is too big , then the dog will be able to slip it right off .
 Our Iguana is older -LRB- he is 18 -RRB- and very docile . We have a very large habitat for him to live in because he is 6ft . long and weights 22 lbs . He loves to come out and lay on the back of the couch every day and look out the picture window . Before you ask yes they can be potty trained and he will go back in his house to eat drink or go potty . We thought that this harness would be great and he could actually get out into the grass so we bought one . getting it to fit him properly by following the instructions was simple enough , he scratched at it for a minute or so and then seemed to ignore it and out the back door we went . He was afraid of the open space and stayed by my side as we wend into the grass which he seemed to think was a huge salad . Now we were in the back part of the yard and my wife came out and said his name -LRB- Moose -RRB- now you need to understand that Moose loves women and especially my wife who is Mama -LRB- he thinks -RRB- , so he took off like a rocket to tell `` Mama '' all about this adventure but this is where things went south on us . I can not run as fast as he can `` they can run like Carl Lewis doing the 40 '' well the harness started to tighten around him first his rib cage behind his front legs and then around his neck so he got scared and did this death roll like an alligator which made things worse because it was wrapped around his neck 20 times and tight . What saved him was that i carry a pocket knife so I took it out and started cutting the harness rope away from him but as I got closer to his neck I could see that It was so tight that I was going to have trouble getting the knife under the rope without cutting him but he seemed to know that I was helping him and held still while i got my finger first and then the knife blade under the last noose . the rope around his rib cage just fell off and he was free of it . He ran to my wife and climbed up on her shoulder and put his head on top of hers '' his favorite place to be when my wife carries him around the house . She wont take him for a walk outside like that as I suggested as she thinks the neighbors will think she is nuts ! So to sum it up our experience with the harness was not a good one and I just cant recommend this .
 I was looking for a feeder to dispense small pellets for a medium size water garden/pond with a lot of gold fish . I did a lot of online searching and this was the only feeder that did n't cost a fortune . I had read the reviews which were n't that great but decided to give it a try . When it arrived I was surprised how little feed it would hold . Only enough for a skimpy week of feeding . I set it up indoors to make sure it was set properly . It took almost a week of tweeking the settings until I was satisfied . Set it outside over the pond saw it go through one cycle before leaving on vacation . Returned to find it was still half full of feed ! I have it set up again and it seems to be working but I ca n't trust it .
 The feeder is very difficult to calibrate , to set , and to monitor because the feed hopper turns very slowly . It works , however . I had a problem with a raccoon grabbing it and opening the hopper to eat the food when it was hung too close to the side of the small pond . The raccoon did not break it however .
 Too bad this product does n't live up to the manufacturer 's claims . They say one battery should last a year but my unit began slowing down after three months . I put in a new battery but it never kept proper time again . I tossed it and bought another one and the same thing happened . So now instead of an automatic fish feeder I have a manual fish feeder - I 'm advancing it myself . I wo n't buy a third one . No other products out there that fill this need at near this price.I took it apart and cleaned it thinking that perhaps debris was holding it back . Afterward I layed it on its back and let it run without food . Keeps perfect time . Then I hung it back up without food and discovered that it runs 3 hours behind per day . Hmmmm .
 My fish like to eat 3 times per day . This thing only allows one extended feeding each day . It also seemed cheaply made , and very difficult to set for the proper amount of food to be dispensed throughout the one-a-day feeding cycle . I returned it for a refund .
 Problem with programming the item . Not sure when fish are being feed or how much . I would not buy this product again .
 I had explained the problems I was having with the feeder but was promptly told to bug off as the seller claimed that the time for returns/refunds was past . I challenged this statement and filed a dispute with Amazon , but apparently Amazon succumbed to the seller 's contentions as I have n't heard anything new since my last email to Amazon . The reason it took more time to report the issues I was having was that the product was not put into service immediately , and when finally used I thought the problems might be due to the possibility of food pellets getting stuck in the timing gear of the feeder . I tried to use it again and again to see if there was really a problem with the feeder , or other factors . Obviously , the time for reporting the problem was impacted because I was trying to analyze why this device was not working properly . Instead of receiving help to understand what was going on , I was essentially told to go away . Incidentally , having owned three of these feeders , do n't expect the device to last more than a couple of years before succumbing to the brutal beating by the elements . You can be assured that I will not purchase any more of these particular devices from this seller , and may not purchase such items through Amazon in the future due to the poor treatment I received .
 I 've had a couple of these , they do n't work very well.The problem I 've had is that if you are not careful the feeder can get wet . As soon as it dips in the water when you 're trying to refill it , and move it , it does n't work anymore .
 The toy is very hard plastic and easy to set off . If you walk close to it it will make noice . Also there is no off switch . My dog toyed with it for a few minutes then got sick of the noice . May work for some pets . DO NOT LEAVE PETS ALONE WITH THIS . It will break into sharp pieces .
 The muzzle appears to be new , but it did not come in a package -LRB- as pictured on website -RRB- . It looks like seller is buying bulk items and then re-selling them . Cheap price -LRB- $ 5.39 -RRB- , but muzzle is very stiff -LRB- backpack type material -RRB- with somewhat rough seems . I had to guess at the size since it was not stated . I got an extra large because I have a Chow-Newfoundland mix . It is a little on the big side . I plan on just using it when my dog has to have his nails trimmed at vet -LRB- they ask for this -RRB- . Since my dog is not a biter or chewer it works ok . However , if you have a dog that has to wear a muzzle for an extended period of time , is a biter or tries to get muzzles off , this is NOT the product you want to get.Note
 I ordered a dog muzzle and I thought the seller was DogStuff-4u . The product was actually shipped from another seller - Absolutely Pets . Unfortunately , the muzzle was too big for my dog so I wanted to return it . Absolutely Pets charged 20 % restocking fee plus shipping fee according to the return policy . What return policy ? I could not find the return policy anywhere . Not in Amazon . Not in Absolutely Pets . Not in DogStuff-4u . With this kind of charges , it was not worth to return it . If you want to order products from DogStuff-4u or Absolutely Pets , you better hope you do not need to return them . Will not place order with DogStuff-4u and Absolutely Pets again .
 They actually sent me the wrong size . I ordered a size 4 and they sent me a size 3 . It was sent to my mom 's house so I did n't notice until I went back to her house and she had already opened it . The shipping charges were not worth the hassle to send it back . They should check next time to ensure that they send the right size , because if it is too big , then the dog will be able to slip it right off .
 My dog was able to remove the muzzle by sliding the strap over his head within minutes . I would not recommend this product for pet owners who have escapists as pets , but it may work well for the more docile dogs .
 The muzzle fitted too tightly on my Golden Retriever and she was able to remove it within minutes by pushing the strap over her head . Overall , I 'm not satisfied with the product . Since I got it for about half the price currently stated , I did not bother to send it back for a refund .
 If you have a larger breed dog -LRB- GSDs , Labradors , Huskies , etc. -RRB- , beware of the sizing.I decided to buy one of these muzzles for my 9 month old German Shepherd for when he goes to the Vet . The sizing information on the packaging and the website are all way off so I did n't really get to test it out . They both suggest a size 3 for GSDs , but in reality , the size 3 is half of what my dog would need . And my dog is standard size , so he 's not over-sized or anything.I returned this and ordered a Size 4XL . Hopefully that will fit .
 I believed this product to be pet safe and bought 2 of them . The first time of use , and I suppose when almost cold , my dog moved the blankets away from over one of them and with ease chewed away the filler cap . This was not noticed until I put it back in the microwave to reheat and the gel inside came flooding out . The product may be all right for a cat but not for any kind of dog that still has its teeth and curiosity .
 Our cat sleeps in the basement and the nights had gotten pretty cold , so I ordered this item , not realizing itwas made of hard plastic . Somehow I had envisioned something more along the lines of a hot-water bottle.It stays warm alright , but I 'm going to switch to an electric heating pad for my aging cat 's comfort .
 i was so excited to buy this product and i had heard so many people that had good things to say about it , but i was very disappointed . The pad was not comfortable for my dog to lay on , but most importantly , the heat did n't last ! After about 2 hours , it would be cold again . I would not recommend this product ... you are much better getting one of those foil warming inserts for pet beds .
 This product is completely useless for larger animals . It is very thick and hard . I saw it advertised as being placed under bedding with a large dog ... but there is no way that anyone could tolerate laying on this thing . It is hard as a rock and small so it is like sleeping with a rock under you . I wish I would have know this before purchasing . It also claims to stay warm for up to 12 hours ... but that is misleading . I originally bought this product to use with a medium sized dog that has arthritis as I also saw it advertised for this , and I ca n't imagine her sleeping on this . The only way that it might work is if I used several layers of bedding which would affect the amount of heat that actually gets through and even then I think it would be uncomfortable.I read one review that claimed they bought this for a pet and ended up using for themself . Find that hard to believe .
 My dog LOVES heat so I thought this would be perfect to put in her cage while we are at work . I buried it underneath the blankets , and had the blue cover over it . She ripped off the blue cover and chewed all the way around the warmer , and punctured it so I ca n't use it at all.Now I 'm stuck with the blue cover , paw print cover , and dog stuffed animal.The warmer is a lot harder than I thought it was , so I can see how some dogs would n't find it very comfortable to lay on , but if you use the stuffed animal the heat does n't go through it very well.The one good thing is I was surprised at how long it stayed warm .
 I was hoping this would be the perfect solution for an aging cat of mine with bad knee joints . He tore a ligament recently and has been hobbling around , so I was hoping the heat would soothe the pain . I ordered this item hoping it would be the solution . While it does retain heat for a long time , it is very hard , and also rather thick , so my cat was n't comfortable laying on it , no matter how much padding I tried to soften it with . He 's also a LARGE cat and this item is smaller than a frisbee , so the size was an issue for its usefulness , as well . I would only suggest use for outdoor applications and small cats who will be much more comfortable and much more in need of heat -LRB- outdoors -RRB- .
 The product holds it heaat for a very long time , which is good , but it 's extremely hard -- so hard , in fact , that the cats do n't like sitting on it . We 've had to put enough cushioning on top of it that most of it 's heat is lost before the cats can benefit .
 I bought this and , not knowing the wattage of our microwave , slowly ramped up the heating time once a day to try out this disk , see how warm it got , and how long it stayed warm.After a few trials , the disk definitely got as warm -LRB- 123 degrees -RRB- as advertised , but it absolutely did not stay warm for the 12 hours it promised . It has also gotten kind of warp-y , after just 3 uses : -LRB-
 Hi , i got one of these snuggle safe things to use in a shelter for feral cats . I do n't think it lives up to what it says . While it is nice and hot after you heat it up ... it seems to lose 90 % of the heat within a couple hours and not 12 like they claim . Still it is much better than nothing at all and if you heat it up couple times a day will provide some warmth . I 'd get a couple if buying and switch off every few hours when really cold -LRB- since you cant reheat till completely cold -RRB- .
 I needed this product to help some stray cats outside , it 's getting pretty cold at night -LRB- 24 degrees and it 's not even winter yet -RRB- this product said up to 12 hours of heat . I knew it would n't keep for 12 hours outside , but I thougt maybe half the time at least . Not even close , it lasts about 1 hour and I even have it inside one of the `` keep your food hot bags '' . I 'm kind of disappointed - I guess up to 12 hours must mean if it 's in an environment of 85 degrees .
 I was swayed by all the high-star reviews here and ordered this last week . I usually trust reviews here . However , this thing is not only probably dangerous -- read through the one-star reviews before you order !! -- but it 's not even warm.How long you heat the disc is dependent on your microwave wattage , and there are dire warnings on the package about overheating . So I was concerned and wanted to make sure I got it right . It took some research to find out the wattage on my built-in microwave , but I emailed GE customer service and they were able to tell me it is 1000 watts ; I found product information based on the model number inside the microwave on the GE site that confirmed this.At 1000 watts , you 're supposed to heat it for five minutes and let it sit for one more minute . Well , after five minutes it emits a tepid heat that I can just feel with my hand through its felt cover ; once you put another blanket on it , it 's basically useless . You need a second cover because it 's hard as a rock and a cat will never sit on it comfortably.Very disappointed -- with other reviews about the disc causing fires and even burning pets , I 'll definitely be returning . Yikes ! You 'd think if we can make heated blankets for humans -LRB- which my cat adores and is why I was led to this idea , so she would n't be sitting on the blanket all the time -RRB- , we 'd be able to get it right for cats too -- but this definitely is n't it .
 I thought this would be something my aged poodle would actually be comfortable snuggling to . This is a hard plastic disc that DOES NOT stay warm for more than 4 hours . Rip off . Do not buy .
 This is a very good idea but it is too hard to be comfortable and is ignored . When placed inside the bed , even against the side and not on the bottom , the cat sleeps elsewhere.I had great hopes for this . It might work fine for other pets so your mileage may vary .
 I thought this heating pad would be soft for my pet to lay on under his blanket , but it turns out this heating pad is hard as a rock ! Who or what would want to lay on a rock hard surface ? I bought it for my dog 's comfort and his arthritic joints , but I think it would be torture for him to lie on this heating pad . If I could return it , I would .
 Does n't really provide the kind of warmth you would expect . It definately does not give anywhere close to 12 hours . I doubt any outdoor pet would derive much comfort from this product .
 I am completely disappointed in this purchase ! It is hard as a rock and stays that way after heating . None of my animals will lay on it ! A total waste ! Buy a rice or buckwheat bag instead , at least it would be soft . It did stay warm a long time , but that part was useless when the animals avoided it completely !
 I heated it in the microwave for 6 minutes but it will only stay warm for 6 hours , not 12 .
 I urge anyone who is considering buying this product to check this thread of Handicapped Pets where I am a moderator . The thread was started by me due to a near tragedy using this product . Unable to insert link to thread here , but if you go to www dot handicappedpets dot net and search for Snuggle Safe Warning , you will find it . We now add any further information we find to inform others as the manufacturer will not . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this for my cat , intending to use it to heat the cat bed I had for him , without the use of anything with wires or plugs . The first problem was how hard the product is -- it is not comfortable for the pet , even with the fuzzy cover on it . To remedy this , you would have to put it under a few layers of blankets . The second problem is that it did not heat up sufficiently . I followed the instructions on the package , and the disc never got beyond lukewarm . Obviously , I did n't want to risk overheating it because of the warning included with the item . This was a complete waste of money . I am looking for an alternative .
 I bought this for my parents ' older chihuahua , who loves to snuggle up to the central air vent for warmth . The warmth is great and continuous - but the disc is really hard -LRB- probably a safety design -RRB- - I had to put it under a pillow or wrap in blankets - at which point the warmth was weak and took a long time to make it through to the poor pup . A softer casing would improve the product a great deal .
 Manufacturer does not back this product . I complained that after one use liquid shot out and burnt my hand . I was told that only happens when the animals chew on the ends or when its warmed up too long . They were not surprised . Would not issue a refund but offered to replace the disc with a new one . No thanks . This disk is snuggle unsafe . Not worth the risk .
 I bought this for my 3 outdoor cats and they are still cold . I spent quite bit of time searching for a warming ` bed ' to help them out in the cold weather and settled for these . Do n't waste your money .
 I have had these for years and so far they all worked great . . I however ordered from Amazon about two wks ago . . I paid for two day shipping and it took five days to get it . . then the second time I heated it . . it burst . . now I do know how to work these things , like I said before . . I have had them and used them for outdoor animals for years . . I am so upset over this . . of course I dont know who to contact on amazon to complain to . . I threw it away and am now using an old one . . I will re order but not from Amazon . . and I intend to fight the shipping charges with my credit card company . . good luck . . u are going to need it
 Our dog wo n't sleep on it . I think he 's a princess . He chewed it for a while , then slept as far away as he could from it and still be on his bedding . I will try again this winter , and bury it deeper into the bedding , but he 's either afraid of it or does n't like its hard , frisbee like surface . And I covered it well , but will put more layers on top . he is very finicky in all circumstances , little hair and very bony . maybe a fatter dog would like it , but then that one would be warm enough . I 'd return it except it 's chewed on !
 We are very certain that our dog had an allergic reaction to this heatable disk . At the time we got it and used it he got very ill . He had to got to the vet , was on an IV overnight , etc. . It was scary . A few days later after he was almost back to normal , the disk had come in contact with his body and he broke out in hives nearly 10 minutes later . Too much of a coincidence if you ask me .
 I read other reviews about this product and I decided to buy two for my `` adopted outside '' kitties . I put the product in the microwave as directed and it did not heat up that much - it was barely warm . I was nervous about microwaving it for a longer period of time because of the warnings on the label . A couple of the cats did lay on it , but others did not . I think this is a good idea , but poor execution .
 Did n't work for us . Pups would n't go near it . Why choose a rock hard disc -LRB- albeit swaddled in a towel -RRB- when mom is much more comfy .
 My disks lasted less than 6 hours with my dogs . One was chewed to the point of not being safe to heat and I still ca n't find the other one . The disks also did not seem to get as hot as claimed , even though I heated them according to the instructions -LRB- 2 1/2 min using an 1800 watt microwave -RRB- . I put them in the dog houses at 6:30 am at about 38 degrees outdoor temp . The chewed up disk was stone cold by noon . The product is probably better suited to smaller animals or older dogs who do n't chew . My dogs are 3 and 6 yrs old .
 My 7 month old puppy chewed through the outer covering in about 1 or 2 unattended minutes . The company in England was not helpful at all . Neither was the US distributer .
 I ordered 2 of these for our newborn puppies at the suggestion of a friend who loves hers . I looked at the wattage on my microwave and heated it at the recommended length of time . it was BARELY warm ... . certainly not enough to keep a new puppy warm . I increased the time little by little and stopped trying at 4 minutes , for frear that it would explode . -LRB- Instructions are clear that you are not to heat longer than they say -RRB- . It also said it remains warm for 10 hours . That did n't happen either.Our electricity goes out often and we wanted to be sure the pups stayed warm if that happened . Very disappointed . Even tho the puppies were in our dining room , we would have had a major problem if the electricity went out .
 This product started a fire on our patio in the cat bed placed in a wooden chair ... and burned all of the teak patio furniture -LRB- including the umbrella -RRB- to the ground ... even melted the one nearby plastic lawn chair to a puddle . Yes , I know that it is n't supposed to be hot enough to start a fire , and yes , it seemed perfect for keeping an outdoor cat warm in the winter , but this product clearly DID START the fire , so I would n't recommend it for anyone at any time under any circumstances . I 'll be reporting the incident -LRB- complete with pictures -RRB- to the company , the consumer reports organization and the consumer protection agency in my state . BEWARE !
 We were flying our cats from Anchorage Alaska to Las Vegas Nevada . Being that it was so cold in Alaska we thought SnuggleSafe would help keep our cats warm . SnuggleSafe gave them severe thermal burns on there stomachs . Our cats were admitted to Camino Al Norte Animal Hospital for the burns . Our Vets number is -LRB-702-RRB-304-8387 should you want to verify how dangerous this product is . It cost us $ 377.86 for there inital treatement and we have follow-up which will cost us . We did follow the directions , we have a 700 watt microwave and we heated the disk for 7 minutes . Evont -LRB- one of our cats -RRB- received the worst burns and we may lose him from the burns he received from SnuggleSafe . SnuggleSafe will injure or maybe even kill your pet . I wish someone would have warned us of the danger of SnuggleSafe . I like Amazon and I do n't think they know they 're selling a product that injures our pets.We 're not worried about the money . We just do n't want to see another pet and family go through what we 've going through . If anyone knows how I could report this danger to athorities that protect animals please e-mail me at ed.adkisson@yahoo.com I want to thank Amazon for allowing me to comment on SnuggleSafe .
 Multiple times I have heated the SnuggleSafe according to the directions , and the pad never gets hot enough to generate enough heat to penetrate the fleece cover . It does n't radiate heat the way I had hoped it would . I 'm afraid to overheat the pad in the microwave -LRB- as the instructions caution against -RRB- , and I worry the pad will be too hot for my pet if I remove the pad from the cover . I should have thought better about buying the SnuggleSafe anyway - from the pictures it 's obviously very hard and probably not comfortable to lie on . -LRB- If you pad it more , then the heat will never get through to your pet . -RRB- My cat has no interest in it .
 I had read such good things about this dog food but our little dogs ca n't read and they hated it . I could n't make them eat it , even when I mixed it with their cheaper food , so I ended up giving it to a friend whose dogs eat anything . It was an expensive error on my part .
 I bought several different types of dog treats and they had only one Chicken Flavor treat . They had the nerve to send the one dog treat -LRB- chicken -RRB- separately . The treat was only a few dollars but they CHARGED ME FULL POSTAGE FOR THE ONE DOG TREAT , WHICH I BELIVE was OVER 5 DOLLARS .
 I have had a lot of luck with Nature 's Miracle products , so when our lab retriever puppy started chewing our kitchen cabinets , I bought their Best Behavior Training Aid in hopes of making our cabinets less appealing to our dog . The directions were pretty simple
 I was feeding the Tetras , guppies & Barbs Azzo 9-1 micro pellets and had a tough time introducing them to New Life Spectrum Small Fish Formula .5 mm Sinking Pellet Fish Food and most of the stuff just settles down ... eventually gave up ... But will try again with Chiclids or Rainbow fish + Congo Tetras ...
 Has a lot of fancy print . Many reviews that they probably wrote themselves . This product is alcohol , water , and menthol . Does n't do anything for an itch .
 I have been am Amazon customer since they opened the doors -LRB- well ok , website -RRB- . Everthing I ever ordered arrived more or less on time , and more or less as promised ; until this item . This one did not arrive . There is a very nice man in India or Pakistan who will read you a nice script about why the money is gone and your item has not arrived , but somehow that is not as satisfying as having your item actually arrive . I am sure there is some very fine print somewhere that would explain to me why this is OK , but after a few hour of looking , I give up .
 I found that the net was thinner than expected and would easily catch on the cement blocks surrounding my pond . It also did not hold much weight -LRB- a clump of algae for example -RRB- without placing too much weight on a portion of the net , causing it to sink . A sinking net is not good for small fish and acts as a gill net catching the fish . The instructions suggest anchoring the perimeter every 5 to 10 feet , but on a small pond , surrounded by cement blocks , no real easy way to do this . It was worth a try but knowing what I know now , I would not have purchased it for my pond .
 You get a lot which is great , however my rabbit does n't like them , she pushes them away or tosses them around . I guess she 's just picky .
 I would not recommend this brush to anyone . As soon as I got it I ran it through my own hair and the pins just crumbled out of the brush . If it does that for my hair how is it going to handle horse hair !!?? It just has completely disintegrated after using it on my own hair about three times . Completely worthless !!!
 I add this product every week per instructions and find that my dogs waste is not degrading . The unit is full and I have doubled the amount of powder and water I am adding and it is moving very slowly . My sister has the same unit and hers is fine ... perhaps it 's user error ? Still , I think I 'll try Rid X in future .
 The `` waste '' -LRB- dog poo -RRB- kept increasing & increasing in the unit and eventually filled to the top . We were using it as instructed . After contacting the company several times , it was concluded that we have poor drainage in our soil -LRB- we live on a pond in central FL -RRB- and the unit just wo n't drain well . So , the unit is useless as are the enzymes we bought for it.Your soil may be different and it may work for you but there 's no way of knowing without buying it .
 Bought the Doggie Dooley , installed it in the back yard and used this product with it . Either I did not use this properly -LRB- and I did follow instructions -RRB- , or the product is not effective . I really wanted this to work , but ultimately dug the whole disgusting mess out of the ground . The grass around the Dooley died , as did plants within a 3 foot perimeter and the odor was horrendous .
 Overpriced for the size . I was expecting a much larger container for the price I paid , but that could have been an overlook on my part . Have n't noticed a huge difference in breakdown that I was expecting either . Do n't think I will buy this product again . Next time I will buy from the company that made my dog waste system .
 Usually , I use Frontline Plus to help protect my dog from fleas , but when the product stopped working less than 14 days after I had applied it , I was desperate for an alternative . My dog is allergic to fleas , and suffers terribly from flea bites.Because it was less than 2 weeks since I had applied frontline to my dog , I was fearful of giving her her next dosage early . As this flea product was advertised at lasting for approximately 5 months , I thought it might work better and be effective for longer.Unfortunately not.My dogs fleas worsened , and after giving the product over three days to work , I gave up hope . After consulting my vet , my dog is now on a combined regime of frontline plus and comfortis -LRB- a flea preventative in tablet form -RRB- which seems to be working so far.Perhaps this product will be more effective on other dogs , but it certainly did not help my dog any . When I took the product out of its packaging , it had a slight bacon smell to it -LRB- not entirely unpleasant -RRB- . It was also covered in a thin layer of white dust/powder . The product instructions warn not to breathe this dust in when putting the collar on the dog . I was surprised to find the dust was still lingering on the collar several days later .
 We live in Texas and have been battling ticks all summer . After trying all sorts of drops , I resorted to a collar . I took a chance on these and they did absolutely NOTHING !! Do n't waste your money !
 The collar does not work at all . My dog still have the same flea problem after applying this collar . I really doubt where the 5 month control comes from .
 Booda Bimple bones used to be my dog 's favorite chew . He 's intensely driven to chew , when he 's got something he 's chewing on , you can see he 's in some sort of zoned-out bliss . The large Booda Bimples used to take my small Cairn Terrier a week to get through and he loved every moment of it.Then came the `` New ! More digestible ! '' Booda Bimple . The same size bone now takes my dog 15 minutes to chew -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- when it took a week before . And it gives him a mighty bad digestive upset the next day . The new formulation may break down in the stomach more than the old ones , but it 's not a good thing . If we limit him to 1/3 of a bone , the diarrhea does n't happen but he gets less chewing , it 's more like eating a treat.I am certain that the modification of the formula was a result of all of the media coverage of the Greenies issue , where dogs chewing unsupervised gulped down big pieces and got blockages . The Bimples probably had the same potential if a dog swallowed a large chunk . But , since I supervised my dog while chewing and made sure he did n't gulp big hunks , we 've lost a real source of pleasure for my pet .
 These snacks sounded unique so i got them for my two indoor cats to try . Neither of them would even go near them , i tried to give them to the numerous stray cats outside and even they would n't touch them . Unless your cat has a very refined taste i would n't recommend these treats .
 These were half the size I thought they would be ... they are worth every penny spent on them , but not much more than that . They are filled with a green grit substance used to add weight to them . It seems to break apart pretty easily , I took all of it out and zip tied them to other aquarium ornameants
 First , this kit is very tiny . Your beloved animal will not fit in that cave unless it is a dwaft puffer.Second , the edges are sharp . It is made with very cheap plastic and they did not cut sharp edges at all , well it 's just designed this cheap way.Third , the color of this replica is ridiculous . Do not believe the picture , they professionally painted that model or it 's real rock and the kit you will get is actually 1 color , Cheap nasty green.Fourth , the picture makes you believe that it is similar to a normal aquarium rock , No . You get exactly what 's on the picture from the front view . Then it is cut in half so you attach the entire kit to the wall . So I do n't know what they meant by `` Cave kit '' it 1 '' or less deep inside.Fifth , the attachable cliff pieces are a joke . They do not even fit in , they 'd 100 % fall off with your hamster 's or fish 's nose breeze.To sum it up , this was the worst $ 20 spent in my entire online purchase . Also the kit says made in USA , manufactured in Thailand -LRB- ? -RRB- , 1999 . Get it ?
 Due to the bowl 's oval shape , my cats do not like it so I stopped using it for them and now use it as a side bowl dish for myself .
 My dog will happily eat Sorel boots , pens , old work gloves , and any paper product but chewed on one of these treats for a couple seconds and just left it sitting on the floor . This is the first time I 've ever given her something to eat that she did n't basically inhale . How do you eff up making a dog treat ?
 Product ordered is NOT what was received , so I have been suffering a complete run-around trying to send it back . I have typically had no problems with products ordered , but my excitement over being able to get the pictured item was gone when the product arrived at my home . I 'm still awaiting the return label so I can send it back , and that has been a challenge all its own !
 This was a HUGE waste of $ 25 . We were looking for something that would prepare us for bringing a Doberman into our home , but this DVD was not the answer ! It gives some very very basic tips on grooming , etc. , but if you know anything at all about raising a dog , it is USELESS !! Not to mention , throughout the entirety of the presentation a terribly annoying soundtrack is being played at an ANNOYINGLY high volume . Actually , the only redeeming quality of this DVD -LRB- the reason for it getting atleast ONE STAR -RRB- is the short bonus feature on Basic Obedience . If you are looking for something that will educate you and prepare you for life with a Doberman -LRB- from a puppy to an adult dog -RRB- , DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !
 It 's filmmed in some lady 's kitchen ! I purchased hoping to learn something great and wonderful ... but it 's just a lady pretty much reading the wikipedia page in her kitchen . Very disappointed .
 This was a way to make money putting out a really bad product , using the face of a beautiful boxer puppy.OOOOOOOHHHHHH this is bad !!!!!!!
 I was highly anticipating the arrival of the Pomeranian dvd . I must say I was very disappointed in the dvd . The section on the Pomeranian was barely 20 minutes long , and was mainly showing some guy talking about the basics that we already know while shown with a Pomeranian as a prop . They show a few scenes involving the same dog in each not really illustrating any point.The so called `` free bonus '' footage of the training was a general training of dogs and was not even useful . They did n't even show the trainer working with the Pomeranian breed ! The footage showed a long drawn out method of dog training that would confuse any dog , not train it . Definitely not your traditional way of training a dog . Utilizing hand signals and spoken commands go together not separately in the training process , and any moron knows that.The other `` free bonus '' footage shows about 40 minutes or so of a doggie playdate with edited in barks and cheesy music , annoyingly so , and they do n't even show the Pomeranian breed . So totally juvenile.I DO NOT recommend this for anyone not even complete beginners as this will surely have you end up with a very maladjusted and confused dog.The BOTTOM LINE : This is a very amateurish and poor attempt to capture the breed in all its essence . Do n't buy this as it is not worth the money !
 This harness looked like exactly what we wanted , however , the small size was far too small for our dog . We tried the medium . That turned out to be far too large . Even though the harness is adjustable there is a rather large gap between sizes .
 This product is awful . It falls apart almost immediately . This is the second one that has fallen apart almost immediately . Do Not Purchase . I called Four Paws . They shrugged and never called me back .
 I purchased an extra-small one for my dog , but the seatbelt strap came apart after less than a week 's use . The strap came off while we were taking a regular walk . My dog weighs less than 10 pounds and he was barely pulling forward . I find this unacceptable since this is supposed to be a `` safety seat '' vest . What if we were in a car accident with much greater impact ? The previous one I bought had lasted several years , which is why I ordered another one , but it seems like the quality of this harness has gone down in recent years . I contacted Four Paws 's customer service for an exchange or replacement , and the person who responded asked me to send back the defective product before they can send a replacement . I sent back an email asking if they can provide a return label to send back the defective vest , but no one has responded since .
 My dog outgrew it at once and broke the harness . Not a good material . Found a better one at a cheaper price at walmart .
 This would not fit my dogs . they were within the weight requirements but they are little wide bodies -LRB- Scottish Terriers -RRB- . Even so I did not like the way this harness attached to the seat belt system .
 I was in a car accident where the airbag deployed . The dog is a 95 pound golden retriever and he was in the back seat of the car . The dog and I were fine but the harness broke during the accident . The nylon belt completely detached from the front panel . That 's inexcusable . I 've switched to theGood Pet Stuff Travelin ' Dog Car Harness , Largebecause the nylon belts go all the way around the dog .
 This item looks great , but the sizing indicated on the website is way off . I purchased the Small for my dog , and he should have fit into it by several lbs . according to the fitting guide . He did not . I returned the harness , but they apparently did not have a medium available , because the vendor choose to return the money rather than replace the harness with a larger size .
 HARNESS NEEDS LOOP THAT GOES IN CIRCLES - OTHERWISE THE HARNESS TWISTS ALL UP IN THE SEATBELT AND TURNS ALL COCKEYED ON THE DOG .
 We first purchased this harness in size small for our 31 lb rescue dog . Could n't get the waist part around her . Sent it back -LRB- different vendor -RRB- and purchased the medium . This one is so much larger , that she easily slips her legs out and around . First time we tried in in the car , she did so many flips -LRB- as it was so loose and yes , we adjusted it down as far as it would go -RRB- that she had horrible twists in everything , she might have strangled herself . We had to undo all the straps and seat belt to untangle it all . Would not purchase the product or recommend it to anyone , but the vendor was very prompt in getting it to us .
 One of the few vest harnesses with a D-ring leash attachment . Strong and sturdy . However , recommended sizing on package is completely wrong . Had to go through all 3 sizes in order to find one to fit a 22 inch long , 22 lb . dog . Large is too big . Medium is too big . Small is too big and the neck hole is too small with no give . Larger sizes have scratchy fake fleece lining . Made in China .
 The small fits 15-30lb dogs and is just the tiniest bit too small for our dogs . So we ordered the medium . Unfortunately the medium is at least 3 times the size of the small . It says it 's for 35-60lb dogs , but I 'd say 50 + . What a weird gap in sizing .
 This harness is extremely difficult to put on , especially when your four-legged buddy is anticipating a walk , loosens itself a lot while walking making you re-adjust it constantly , and simply was n't effective after about the third walk . We found a far more effective harness : Premier Easy Walk Dog Harness , Red , Large
 I just tried this again today on my 55 lb . dog and it just does n't work . The harness wiggles loose and I have to continually tighten it and readjust the snap . Fortunately she 's a good dog and will stop and let me adjust it , but within two minutes , it 's worked loose again and I have to again tighten it . She 's a lab-boxer mix , so she has a strong chest and she just ignores the pulling under her front legs . When she saw a squirrel at the end of the walk , she maneuvered her head out of the harness , and it was only my voice command that kept her from running after it . For a strong dog , it 's totally ineffective .
 I returned this item . It did not change the way my dogs walked and they were as out of control as ever .
 my daughter purchased this item over a year ago and it was a good product . i purchased the same trainer and the clasp broke before i used it six times . i purchased it in february 2011 .
 I ordered this doghouse and rec it a couple of days ago . It 's a cute doghouse , but much over priced for the quality . 2 of the pieces were broken ... wood is much too ligh-weight for the price . Instructions are poor , had to rely on the picture of it on the boxes . I do n't believe this product is a good value for the money .
 It is a very pretty doghouse , but not hard enough . Our dog ate most of the wood in the house the following day . I think that for big dogs the wood does not work .
 The photo being shown for this product is of the carton that holds 100 count . Besides the photo , there is no mention in the product details of the number of pads in the package . I therefore only assumed it was what was shown in the photo . It seemed to be a great deal and was also shippable under Amazon Prime . However , upon receipt of my order today , what was shipped was the package with only 30 count . I will be returning it back to Amazon tomorrow . Needless to say , this is a gross misrepresentation by the seller and tarnishes the Amazon Prime brand .
 I am changing my review . I have been using these puppy pads for my little dog for almost two years . The last two boxes of 100 have been horrible always leaking and I might as well have not put anything down . Unless , of course , she pees right smack dab in the middle . And how often does that happen ??? I now have to start all over again and try to find a decent puppy pad . What did you do to this pad ? It says 50 % more absorbent , yet it leaks through and leaks right off the edge . I am so disappointed . Let me say that again . I am so disappointed !!!! I looked to Amazon for a puppy pad as I wanted the convienience of delivery . For some reason I decided to try this brand even tho it was a little more expensive as the other brands I had tried seemed to leak right off the side . Very happy I found this pad . It is thick , absorbs well and does not leak thru or off the side unless pooch misses . Of course if you put it down wrong side up which I have to admit I have done on occasion when I have been in a hurry ... well just make sure you feel for the right side!These are worth the extra $ $ . You really can count on it for the day for a smaller type breed .
 I used to love this brand because the pads were thicker and more absorbant than most . It seemed like the pads were getting thinner and thinner , though . For my last order , it took forever for Amazon to ship , so I had to go to Petco to purchase some to hold me over . I bought Petco brand Puppy Training pads and they were just as good as these . So I just now placed a big order from Petco for much cheaper .12 / 19/12 Update
 I purchased this brand of puppy pads based on the great reviews and could n't wait for them to arrive . I had several `` cheap '' pads left from a Wal-Mart purchase , so I put them aside and carefully arraigned a couple of `` Little Stinker '' pads where my two Yorkies would use them . Even though my babies only weigh 4 pounds each , their urine has managed to soak through every `` Little Stinker '' pad I 've used . I expected the pads to absorb the normal amount of urine a puppy would produce during an average day . These do not . Please keep in mind that my puppies eat and drink a very small amount of food and water compared to other breeds . With this in mind , I would definitely NOT recommend this product . I am so glad that I still have several cheap-O Wal-Mart pads left !
 This harness is extremely difficult to put on , especially when your four-legged buddy is anticipating a walk , loosens itself a lot while walking making you re-adjust it constantly , and simply was n't effective after about the third walk . We found a far more effective harness : Premier Easy Walk Dog Harness , Red , Large
 I just tried this again today on my 55 lb . dog and it just does n't work . The harness wiggles loose and I have to continually tighten it and readjust the snap . Fortunately she 's a good dog and will stop and let me adjust it , but within two minutes , it 's worked loose again and I have to again tighten it . She 's a lab-boxer mix , so she has a strong chest and she just ignores the pulling under her front legs . When she saw a squirrel at the end of the walk , she maneuvered her head out of the harness , and it was only my voice command that kept her from running after it . For a strong dog , it 's totally ineffective .
 I returned this item . It did not change the way my dogs walked and they were as out of control as ever .
 my daughter purchased this item over a year ago and it was a good product . i purchased the same trainer and the clasp broke before i used it six times . i purchased it in february 2011 .
 So I bought this for my green terror cichlids after reading that this is the best fish food brand you can get . So it came in today and my fish eat it like only 50 % of the time . Otherwise they just spit it out and my pleco does n't even eat it :-LRB- I guess i 'll just go back to Hikari then .
 I wanted tuxedos for our standard Goldendoodles to wear for Halloween and then have for other occasions . I order the extra large after carefully measuring . It did n't begin to fit our 16 month old , 65 lb doodle , let alone the 75 lb adult dog ! It was cute and well made for a costume , but they are sizing these costumes for little dogs it seems . So the extra large might fit a boxer or a dog of about 40 lbs . To me that is a medium sized dog . Until those who make animal costumes and size them by girth , length and weight I wo n't buy one again . Amazon was great though and accepted my return . Super customer service .
 It 's a horrible fabric texture , similar to a shower curtain . Very flat and slides all over the floor when my puppy lays on it .
 While this product offers an astounding quantity of catnip at an unbeatable price , buyers should be aware that this toy is so incredibly heavy that most cats will be physically unable to play with it . I do n't know if my cats are unusually weak or what , but even when they work together they 're unable to push the sack more than a few inches at a time . The low sale price is also offset by the cost of shipping such a massive brick of catnip across the country . Cat fanciers would probably be better served by more traditional cat toys , like a nice clothbound copy of The Infinite Jest that their kitties can bat around .
 My Malawi Cichlids love it , BUT it nothing like the Cichlid formula . I called New Life before I bought this and they said it is the same ingredients as the Cichlid formula . Well after I used it the first time I knew that I was not going to like it . I have a 125 gallon tank and was shocked to see how the small amount of food -LRB- 3mm -RRB- that I gave to the fish turned into this `` orange cloud '' that moved across the tank . They ate all of the food before it hit the gravel . It is very messy . I have to give a very small feeding with the -LRB- 3mm -RRB- and finish with the -LRB- 1mm -RRB- . I found that I need to clean my wet/dry much more often . I also found that I have to do a larger water change to get back to clear water . The clean up hassle is not worth the larger food size and will go back to the -LRB- 1mm Cichlid Formula -RRB- when I finish this 5lb bucket .
 I have four tanks ranging from 38 to 110 gallons each containing primarily cichlids . My fish love it , but it is messy . Perhaps the food would be tolerable in the tanks with only a couple of fish that do n't each much . However , it is horrible for tanks that require significant feeding . Debris coats everything . I have to clean filters about three times as often as with other food to clean up the debris . Even when I rigorously clean the debris out , my water stays orange so I end up doing a complete water change on these tanks every week . I have a half a bucket left that I am giving away since it is not worth the cleanup hassle.Update
 These vitamins look okay . They are smaller than our previous vitamins so I have to give more of them to my big dogs . The bottle does n't last as long as you would expect with 240 tabs in the bottle . Most important -- my dogs do n't like the taste .
 I bought these for Molly , our small border collie who had previously taken Pet Tab vitamins . I thought these would be better , but I was wrong . Molly refuses to take these . If we crush and put them in her food she wo n't eat . Molly readily chewed the Pet Tabs and takes a chewable heartworm tablet monthly too . These went in the trash at our house . Do n't waste your money .
 Our Golden Retrievers , who usually eat anything that is n't moving or does n't eat them first , spat these `` chewable '' tabs out as rapidly as possible . They must taste terrible .
 My dog eats anything but he wo n't eat these vitamins . I have to crush them up and hide then in his treats.I will not waste money on these again
 First of all , one of the 3 bottles I ordered was missing part of the mounting kit . Since I only needed one , I would n't bother to return it for that alone . Beyond that , though , the gasket on one of the caps is twisted , making this one impossible to seal correctly -LRB- i.e. , without dripping -RRB- . I had this kind of bottle before , and I know it takes a while to get the lids to seal properly , but this does seem to be taking a long time , with resulting floods in my birds ' cages . I may end up returning all 3 .
 My lovebird is always putting bits of food into his water cups and silo waterer , so I was really hoping this Lixit bird bottle would solve the simple problem of clean water delivery . Not so . This bottle drips constantly . I carefully followed the directions on the package for installation . I tried adjusting the bottle angle and the water temperature . I made sure the little metals balls inside the tube were correctly seated . Nothing worked to stop the constant dripping which eventually flooded the birdcage floor . I even tried putting a small cup beneath the tip to catch the drips , but the lovebird ended up putting bits of food into the catch-water cup which became a contaminated mess rather quickly . Thankfully , amazon refunded the purchase price , although I am still left searching for a better way to provide clean water for my pet . I can say with certainty that it is not this bottle.Update : After posting this review , I went to Petsmart and found a reasonably priced , glass water dispenser bottle , made by All Living Things , and it works really well . Finally my lovebird has clean , fresh water to drink and I do n't have to clean out the water cup 50 times a day . Yay ! Hope this information might be helpful to others
 How disappointing . I had one of these a few years ago and loved it ... . bird loved it too . It never leaked , and they always had clean water.We just adopted 2 lovebirds , and knowing how great this was in the past , I ordered one . It leaks ! It does n't matter what angle it is , and I followed the instructions of squeezing it to get a vacuum ... no luck . Of course I tossed the box and packaging when I received it -LRB- because I knew I loved it before -RRB- , so I ca n't return it.Thinking it might just be a fluke , I ordered a SECOND ONE . Same problem !!
 I ordered two of these and both leak profusely . I 've tried every thing to get them to stop leaking . I even googled `` Lixit '' water bottles and found many people had problems with these bottles leaking . One suggestion was to be sure to use room temperature water . Did that . Another said to check the seal inside the lid , did that . Another said to be sure the lid was tightened securely , did that . I tried and tried to `` seat '' the little ball and it looked like it was seated . I lightly tapped , lightly shook , lightly pushed and allowed the ball to drop back down , everything . Still , both these bottles had a VERY STEADY leak . Not just a drop here and there , but a steady dripping . Both bottles leaked at about the same rate . No way will I put these in my cages . I hoped only one would leak , meaning I got a bad bottle , but both leaked and , as I stated , profusely.Very disappointed .
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 I have used , with great success , a Kfeeder Enterprise , Inc. triple tube feeder for years which finally needed to be replaced . I understand that they are no longer available . I have been searching for a replacement for a large triple tube feeder and I came across this item.It is not squirrel proof!I ordered it on 8 JUN 12 and installed it upon delivery , so it has been in place less than three weeks . Squirrels have already eaten off most of the bottom tray . Thankfully the feeding stations themselves are metal or they would be gone too.I do not mind providing some feeding for squirrels , but I do mind them eating the feeder . If you have squirrels I definitely do not recommend this feeder .
 I bought this feeder from a local bird store . While attractive enough , I did not do my research before purchasing this feeder.To fill the feeder you must unscrew the plastic dome lid and then screw the lid back on . The threading stripped within the first couple months causing the brown seed filler tray to come off with the dome lid . This left the 3 single tubes exposed which had to each be filled separately and very carefully . An impossible task without spilling bird seed all over the ground . Next the plastic dome lid cracked and I was n't able to hang the feeder anymore , so I decided to call Perky Pet 's customer service . I was absolutely shocked at their lack of helpfulness , professionalism or concern . They flatly stated that their warranty was only good for 30 days , something I obviously was n't aware of . They promised to send a catalog with replacement parts and unfortunately , I 'm still waiting for the catalog . I paid $ 65.00 for my feeder and expected it to last many many years , not just a few months.Recently , I stopped by the bird store where I had purchased the feeder and told them my story , hoping they could help . Surprisingly they recited their own negative encounters with Perky Pet 's lack of customer service in their business dealings . I suggested that they should educate their consumers before selling them a Perky Pet product , something I wish they had warned me about.I have now done my research and am very pleased with Droll Yankee products , their lifetime warranty and customer service .
 I bought this feeder from a local bird store . While attractive enough , I did not do my research before purchasing this feeder.To fill the feeder you must unscrew the plastic dome lid and then screw the lid back on . The threading stripped within the first couple months causing the brown seed filler tray to come off with the dome lid . This left the 3 single tubes exposed which had to each be filled separately and very carefully . An impossible task without spilling bird seed all over the ground . Next the plastic dome lid cracked and I was n't able to hang the feeder anymore , so I decided to call Perky Pet 's customer service . I was absolutely shocked at their lack of helpfulness , professionalism or concern . They flatly stated that their warranty was only good for 30 days , something I obviously was n't aware of . They promised to send a catalog with replacement parts and unfortunately , I 'm still waiting for the catalog . I paid $ 65.00 for my feeder and expected it to last many many years , not just a few months.Recently , I stopped by the bird store where I had purchased the feeder and told them my story , hoping they could help . Surprisingly they recited their own negative encounters with Perky Pet 's lack of customer service in their business dealings . I suggested that they should educate their consumers before selling them a Perky Pet product , something I wish they had warned me about.I have now done my research and am very pleased with Droll Yankee products , their lifetime warranty and customer service .
 I would not recommend this bird feeder . After three months of use the top threads -LRB- where the lid screws on -RRB- cracked . My boyfriend fixed that with a large plastic washer . It has now been in use for less than a year and this morning it broke beyond repair . CHEAP PLASTIC JUNK !
 After a few months , the plastic threads on the screw top cracked which sent the feeder plummeting to its death.Don ' t buy this feeder . I wish I had n't . It does n't last.Before it broke , I was fairly happy with it though .
 I agree with everyone else about this feeder being junk . I too had the problem with the screw top threads cracking , wrapped electrical tape around mine . Part of the filler top broke off & the bottom tray is now cracked . It is also hard to clean . Had this thing 4 months & will not buy this brand again . Big waste of money !
 This is a terrible feeder . The plastic nut on the dome stripped out and the feeder fell to the ground and broke . It is not designed to hold the large amount of seed -LRB- and birds -RRB- it says it can . Do not buy this feeder . It will break in a few months .
 Feeder arrived broken in 3 places ; still had the post-it notes pointing at the breaks from the previous purchaser 's return .
 The feeder looks great and holds plenty of feed . The swivel on the top keeps working loose and falling . Today it fell and the bottom tray split . It lasted about six weeks . I was hoping for a little more use .
 Within the first few months , the hook on top separated from the rest of the feeder , and it shattered on the ground . It 's all plastic , and not nearly strong enough for the weight .
 Bought this bird feeder for my mom for Christmas . Given to her on Christmas day , and Today January 23 , it shattered one of the tubes holding bird food.The description of `` The clear , shatter-proof plastic reservoir makes it easy to monitor seed levels . '' does n't exactly hold any water : o -LRB- What happened to spending decent money expecting a decent product ??
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 The holder is ok for quarantining fish , but does not keep the babies in . They slip right out of the slots in the sides . It was supposed to protect them but does n't do a thing for them . Will have to get another type.DO NOT get this if you are trying to breed your fish .
 Do n't be tempted by the low price . It 's worthless ; it can not be thrown . I mean , yes into the trash , but not through the air like a good disc .
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 This was a waste of money . My chihuahua would only wear them for a few minutes and then they would fall off . I kept putting them back on her feet and finally got tired of putting them on her . When she was wearing them , she was able to walk on the wooden floors but it was n't for too long before she was missing 1 or 2 shoes .
 The laser broke within one hour . Before that it worked great . Replacement is on the way . Hopefully this one works better
 I was so hopeful that this product would work , the on-line information even mentioned that you can train your dog or your neighbor 's dog . After receiving the priduct I read the instructions carefully and saw that it is for indoor use only which will not help curb my neighbor 's dog 's barking . Since our weather is good I hung it on the fence facing the dog and turned it on . I could tell that it irriated her . Her barks changed to yips but after only a few hours she had learned how far she had to go to get out of range of it . The dog is still barking but now we are dealing with the owners and a no bark collar has shown an improvement .
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 It may work for bigger bird . But if you have the bird in same size as my quaker parrot . Do n't buy it . This treat is way too big and hard for them to chew and eat .
 My bird refused to have anything to do with this `` treat '' . I think that this product might be more suited for a larger parrot . I was very disappointed .
 Nice looking Cage IF you could actually get it non bent and broken.This was the 1st of 3 cages so far to arrive bent and broken , The packing is real bad so when it arrives it is junk and unusable.This was the 1st , Then I got another one , Same Manufacturers as this cage , Both of those , same thing again , Bent and Broken.All of them sold by amazon as a seller.Amazon is now Looking into it . unless Amazon packs this one different it will always arrive bent and broken Just like all 3 of mine did.I 'm now waiting till next week , for them to get there investigation done , so they can pack it better and Hopefully FINALLY get my cage Unbroken !! They SAID they where removing this from there listings , But here it is STILL for sale even though Iv received 3 Bent and broken from poor packing , I even paid to have them overtightened in hopes of that helping . . Nope still with a cage !!!
 This is my second cage that has been broken and missing parts . the leg to the cage was sticking out of the box when I received it ... I 'm sending yet another one back.Some of the pieces were so bent that we could of never got it together . I will not buy it again ! Just wanted to give y' all a head 's up .
 Very poor packing by manufacturer . Arrived with main pieces bent . FEDEX failed to meet overnight shipping by 48 hours , filled the box full of holes and bent the hell out of the cage components . The assembly instructions are terrible . Do n't buy unless you are good with a hammer like and really good at figuring out how to put things together !
 I used to buy this bedding for my pet mouse all the time , and he loved it . It was soft and pliable for nesting . But when I ordered some from Amazon for my new mouse , I was very disappointed . The bedding itself had grainy bits in it , and some particles in it seemed to fill the air and coated my tongue for hours ! I had this experience twice more when I handled the bedding , and I never once touched my mouth or nose while doing that . I threw the whole lot away , which seems like a waste of money . What a shame , as I really used to like this product .
 Nice looking Cage IF you could actually get it non bent and broken.This was the 1st of 3 cages so far to arrive bent and broken , The packing is real bad so when it arrives it is junk and unusable.This was the 1st , Then I got another one , Same Manufacturers as this cage , Both of those , same thing again , Bent and Broken.All of them sold by amazon as a seller.Amazon is now Looking into it . unless Amazon packs this one different it will always arrive bent and broken Just like all 3 of mine did.I 'm now waiting till next week , for them to get there investigation done , so they can pack it better and Hopefully FINALLY get my cage Unbroken !! They SAID they where removing this from there listings , But here it is STILL for sale even though Iv received 3 Bent and broken from poor packing , I even paid to have them overtightened in hopes of that helping . . Nope still with a cage !!!
 This is my second cage that has been broken and missing parts . the leg to the cage was sticking out of the box when I received it ... I 'm sending yet another one back.Some of the pieces were so bent that we could of never got it together . I will not buy it again ! Just wanted to give y' all a head 's up .
 Very poor packing by manufacturer . Arrived with main pieces bent . FEDEX failed to meet overnight shipping by 48 hours , filled the box full of holes and bent the hell out of the cage components . The assembly instructions are terrible . Do n't buy unless you are good with a hammer like and really good at figuring out how to put things together !
 This product has Xylitol in it!According to the ASPCA : Xylitol is used as a sweetener in many products , including gum , candy , baked goods and toothpaste . It can cause insulin release in most species , which can lead to liver failure . The increase in insulin leads to hypoglycemia -LRB- lowered sugar levels -RRB- . Initial signs of toxicosis include vomiting , lethargy and loss of coordination . Signs can progress to recumbancy and seizures . Elevated liver enzymes and liver failure can be seen within a few days.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNTIL THEY CHANGE THEIR INGREDIENTS !!!
 Nice looking Cage IF you could actually get it non bent and broken.This was the 1st of 3 cages so far to arrive bent and broken , The packing is real bad so when it arrives it is junk and unusable.This was the 1st , Then I got another one , Same Manufacturers as this cage , Both of those , same thing again , Bent and Broken.All of them sold by amazon as a seller.Amazon is now Looking into it . unless Amazon packs this one different it will always arrive bent and broken Just like all 3 of mine did.I 'm now waiting till next week , for them to get there investigation done , so they can pack it better and Hopefully FINALLY get my cage Unbroken !! They SAID they where removing this from there listings , But here it is STILL for sale even though Iv received 3 Bent and broken from poor packing , I even paid to have them overtightened in hopes of that helping . . Nope still with a cage !!!
 This is my second cage that has been broken and missing parts . the leg to the cage was sticking out of the box when I received it ... I 'm sending yet another one back.Some of the pieces were so bent that we could of never got it together . I will not buy it again ! Just wanted to give y' all a head 's up .
 Very poor packing by manufacturer . Arrived with main pieces bent . FEDEX failed to meet overnight shipping by 48 hours , filled the box full of holes and bent the hell out of the cage components . The assembly instructions are terrible . Do n't buy unless you are good with a hammer like and really good at figuring out how to put things together !
 Nice looking Cage IF you could actually get it non bent and broken.This was the 1st of 3 cages so far to arrive bent and broken , The packing is real bad so when it arrives it is junk and unusable.This was the 1st , Then I got another one , Same Manufacturers as this cage , Both of those , same thing again , Bent and Broken.All of them sold by amazon as a seller.Amazon is now Looking into it . unless Amazon packs this one different it will always arrive bent and broken Just like all 3 of mine did.I 'm now waiting till next week , for them to get there investigation done , so they can pack it better and Hopefully FINALLY get my cage Unbroken !! They SAID they where removing this from there listings , But here it is STILL for sale even though Iv received 3 Bent and broken from poor packing , I even paid to have them overtightened in hopes of that helping . . Nope still with a cage !!!
 This is my second cage that has been broken and missing parts . the leg to the cage was sticking out of the box when I received it ... I 'm sending yet another one back.Some of the pieces were so bent that we could of never got it together . I will not buy it again ! Just wanted to give y' all a head 's up .
 Very poor packing by manufacturer . Arrived with main pieces bent . FEDEX failed to meet overnight shipping by 48 hours , filled the box full of holes and bent the hell out of the cage components . The assembly instructions are terrible . Do n't buy unless you are good with a hammer like and really good at figuring out how to put things together !
 Great service from seller , but item is not what I hoped for . Difficult to get leash attached through small neck hole , and if you skip that step the vest slides side to side on dog-not comfortable .
 The quality of the product as it is seems good , but this vest is held on with Velcro that is too easy to pull off . My dog pulled this off in 6 seconds . I ca n't make this stay on him . There is only the one belly band and another flap that wraps around the collar also held on with velcro . I bought another brand for my larger dog which cost just a few more dollars which had several straps with disconnects that had not only a belly band but leg straps front and back besides the belly band . For my dog at least , i 'll have to find something like this .
 It is my fault for not double checking the info after the cables arrived . I ordered two cables for our boxer mixes to use during a camping trip in the campground.Both cables did not have the spring loaded strain relief on them . Unfortunately it was past time to return them .
 It is my fault for not double checking the info after the cables arrived . I ordered two cables for our boxer mixes to use during a camping trip in the campground.Both cables did not have the spring loaded strain relief on them . Unfortunately it was past time to return them .
 I purchased this pet bed thinking it would be warm and cozy and discovered what a mistake I had made . The bed does not hold its shape , it 's like a rag laying on the floor that needs constant adjusting to put it back into postion . The pillow is about 2 '' smaller then the center where it sits for the pet to lay on . It is flat with very little padding and no support for an older dog . I am ready to throw it out !!! What a waste of money !!!
 I am very disappointed in this bed - especially since I have it in a smaller version and have loved that one . My puppy grew out of his small Fido bed , but because he loved it and it washed so well , I went out of my way to get what I thought would be the same bed in a larger size . All the stuffing in the cushion shifted to one spot when it was washed . Also , the cushion is smaller that the bed and leaves a gap between cushion and sides of bed . That did n't happen in the smaller version . I 'm just disappointed .
 My five dogs eat Pedigree dry dog food , so when my oldest dachshund started having trouble chewing , I bought the same brand of canned . She ca n't eat most of the stuff in the can , because , contrary to the label , it is n't ground . Pieces that I assume are dried organ meat are difficult to chew , and most of the remainder is shredded at best . I do n't know if the company has attempted to cut costs by speeding up the process or by failing to repair substandard machinery , but they 've lost my business . Poor product for the price . Unfortunately , I bought a whole case .
 I have purchased Four-Paws reptile calcium in the past from various sources . This was a spray that you spray ON THE REPTILE so the calcium is absorbed through the skin . The product advertised here on Amazon did not clarify that it was to be sprayed ON THE FOOD of the reptile . For Iguanas , this is a tricky business and one must be careful of an overdose , so we always used the spray on the skin kind and did n't even know there was a spray on the food kind . Now it will cost me about as much in postage to return the product as the net cost we paid for the product , so we end up throwing it away . Next time properly advertise the product . A blurry photo of the box is not sufficient .
 My cat refused to scratch the post . When he did , he did not have the power or the intellect to push the product down , instead I was doing it for him . If you see the product pic is lopsided , it will get to that every time you get frustrated and push down on the unit yourself . It will get more slanted the more you push it yourself . You will also get irritated seeing a lopsided feeder in your room . Not recommended for purchase . There are better alternatives to food holders .
 Cat did n't care for it . Never used it as a scratcher . Broke within a month , and is now adding to a landfill 's contents . Terrible purchase ; I would not recommend it .
 Seemed like a good idea . Too bad the cats disagreed . They loved playing in the box , even without getting a treat from the scratching post .
 These are hard to get on the dog 's feet - they 're hard to get adjusted , and they will not stay on ! If he steps in just a few inches of powdery snow , the bootie comes off . The velcro straps are not secured to the bootie , so if the dog steps on an unraveling end , the whole bootie comes off - then you may lose the bootie AND the strap ! I 'm still looking for a better alternative , but havent come up with one yet .
 It seemed to look good right out of the package but in the field it proved incapable of bearing two 50 pound pups . It took just one to pull in one direction and the locking mechanism failed .
 Regrettably , this leash was useless for me . I have two Pugs , and this leash simply does n't allow one dog to move faster than the other -LRB- which is the case with my dogs -RRB- . It did n't occur to me when I purchased the leash , that there is no accommodation for dogs who travel at different rates , and this leash does not work in that situation .
 I used the sporn for 2 large huskies ; I found that when one dog pulled , the other suddenly had a much shorter lead . In other words , the locking mechanism to keep the lengths of each lead as I set it did n't lock well enough to keep the leads from changing lengths when one dog pulled and the other did n't . Possibly it was defective but I came up with a new solution so just returned the sporn rather than exchange it to try again .
 I own two huskies , who walk fairly well on a leash . I thought this item would make it alot easier for me to walk the two together , but I was wrong . The clip that does the adjustment of the lenght is n't strong enough . It was constantly allowing slippage and the lenght that I had set between the two dogs was becoming larger . I would not recommend this item for dogs over 50 pounds that like to have a tight lead . My dogs do n't drag me down the street , but they are n't the greatest walkers either , and this just plain did n't work for them .
 Bought this leash for our two labs , one seven year old and one 6 month old . The hardware is really really cheap and it broke after less than a week . I wouldnt recommend it at any price . Why cant I find a heavy duty leash with decent hardware made somewhere else besides china . Oh well , getting pretty good at using two leashes .
 The clasp to adjust the lengths of the two leads SLIPS AND DOES NOT HOLD WHERE YOU SET IT . I thought the quality of the product was excellent though with very strong lobster claw hookups , etc. . BUT , Everytime I set the leash lengths shorter for one dog and longer for the other , if one of the dogs pulled the least little bit , the slider clasp would n't hold where it was supposed to , where I had set it .
 Okay . The tandem leash works , but I 'm not a huge fan . I find it easier to pack walk the dogs without it . Just not for me . God forbid your dogs get into a lamppost or pole tiff . Mine do n't on regular leash , but what can I say , they are n't tandem dogs .
 It broke within the first week ... Only used three times . I have two German Sheppard pups and the part that broke was the section that connects the handle piece to the piece that splits into two . I guess you would call it the swivel ? . Other than that it was good before it broke .
 I hate to say `` you get what you pay for '' , but it 's true in this case . I felt like the price was so great that I had nothing to lose , except I have yet another leash that I can not use . The mechanism for locking the leash into a certain size opens the minute the dogs start walking . Other reviewers said they altered it themselves to make it stay , but I `` m going to just return mine . The handle is nicely padded , the webbing seems also fairly durable , however the lack of stretch/shock absorption in the material makes it actually harder to walk 2 dogs of any size/strength/enthusiasm .
 I have two small puppies and one larger dog . Three leashes was a little much with all the tangling so I bought the double leash for the pups . I was not very happy with it . It still tangles just as if I had separate leashes . The only good thing is I do n't have to hold three handles . I have purchased a better one I found in a catalog that actually spins at the handle to prevent tangling . I 'm looking forward to receiving it .
 What were they thinking ? The materials make sense but the design does not . What was I thinking ? For any very small dog there is no way they could work .
 Rigid and poorly designed . They should have an `` L '' shape to fit a dogs paw . These are straight and go on like a cast . Big waste of money and time now spent returning them to the store .
 Our dog is very sensitive to salt . She could n't walk around on saltedsurfaces . The Paw Tectors seemed to be a good solution.However , the shoes just fell of from her feet . We had to find them in the dark and cold night . And again . And again.The Paw Tectors produce a knocking noise on the sidewalk , similar to -LRB- but speedier than -RRB- the shoes of Fred Astaire . After two days of use one of them is already showing some wear.The product is nearly useless and for its quality it is expensive .
 Am very disappointed with the results of this item . It has a very loud high pitch scream and my dogs do not stop barking . It just adds to the chaos .
 Did not feel like the product did anything . It made my smelly couch just smell like a WET smelly couch . Was not impressed.Only thing I liked about it was the fine spray ...
 One of our two small dogs loves to chew toys -LRB- luckily , not anything else -RRB- , so we 've learned to stick with rubber ones that he ca n't tear apart and pull stuffing out of . I loved the look of this ball and was happy to add a new toy to his bin . Unfortunately , as another customer mentioned , it took our guy less than 5 minutes to pull off and eat about half of the `` land '' sections before we realized what was happening and took it away . I think this would be great for dogs who are n't big chewers , but it definitely did n't work for us .
 The tubes for this are the same size at the opening as other tube makers , such as Crittertrail or S.A.M. , but these Habitrail tubes narrow to less than an inch across very quickly . They can not be used with Syrian hamsters , and I am honestly not sure if they will work with dwarf hamsters either.The loft itself will attach to other tubing , however , making the product still usable .
 i have two cats and have been using mountain cat -LRB- made out of cedar -RRB- for a long time , and have LOVED it , but last time i was at my local independent all natural pet store they told me that the woman who ran mountain cat was unable to find a new distributor , so i begrudgingly sought out another earth-friendly litter , and this litter is what came home with me.i have now been using this litter -LRB- mixing it with the last of my beloved mountain cat litter -RRB- for a few weeks , and i HATE it . as one other reviewer pointed out it does NOT CONTROL ODOR at ALL . i have NEVER smelled my cats ' urine so much . the only time that the litter boxes and their immediate surrounding areas smell okay is when i dump the old stuff out and replace it with fully new litter . the ammonia smell is OVERWHELMING when i dump out the boxes now . i have to cover my nose and/or just hold my breath to keep myself from running from the room or retching.i will be returning the unused portion of the 40 pound bag of this stuff today and switching to FELINE PINE which i had used interchangeably with mountain cat before .
 This is a pet barrette , this was not indicated in any way in thedescription . I thought it might be fine anyway but after openingit I discovered the clasp was broken . Very disappointing .
 We thought this was a great product when we received it and put it on our tank . Now 3 months later ... it is peeling off all over and has pockets of air bubbles in spots in the middle of it ... how did it get in there ?! It will not re-stick for some reason either . I guess we will have to take it off and toss it . What a waste !
 Specs say this product is 24 '' wide ... what they do n't tell you is that 1 '' of that is printed as a measurement strip -LRB- shows inches , cm , etc -RRB- . So for someone like me who has a tank that 's exactly 24 '' wide , it 's not a good solution . I 'm going to get creative for the time being and eventually get a product that is n't misleading in its description .
 My chinchilla loves marble to sit on when it is warm - remember ideal temperatures are 60-80 degrees Farenheit for Chinchillas . The idea is great but you can go to a home supply store and buy a few tiles of marble for a fraction of this cost . Having an entire tile for them to sit on makes it ideal for two chinchillas . You can also place some marble where they jump if you happen to have some wire cage flooring as repeated jumping can injure the pads on their feet . Marble is usually easy to clean but be sure to replace them if their urine etches away at it.This is a great product for convenience but way overpriced .
 I saw these and thought they were a good idea , so I went to the local hardware store , found two damaged granite tiles which the hardware store cut in half for me and marked down because they were damaged . I ended up with four chin chillers for less than $ 2 .
 I just want to start out by saying the only reason this is getting a bad review is to deter you from buying it on this site . Amazon is the worst about sending items completely unprotected and causing them to be broken when they arrive . This item was shipped in a box far too big for it and the only thing protecting it was a single piece of bubble packaging on the TOP of the item , not on the bottom where it would need the cushion . I will say that my chin loves this thing , sleeps on it constantly . But it is very brittle granite . Not nearly worth the price . We have a big cage with 4 levels , so I 've decided to put another one of these on the second level as well , HOWEVER , I am using one of those granite cutting boards instead . Its all the same to them really . They just like anything that keeps them cold . So go buy a small granite cutting board for 5 bucks and save your money .
 unless you want your tiny rodent escaping ! These tubes are so long , if any weight is put on them , they open where the two pieces of plastic that form the tube meet ! Bad design ; some sort of locking joint along the two sides would probably prevent it . Returned . : -LRB-
 I still have not gotten it to work . The motor works , but I ca n't get suction into the inlet tube . The basket that holds the carbon media is very poorly designed ; it opens easily , spilling the charcoal out into the canister -LRB- where it does n't belong -RRB- . I did solve that by using 2 rubber bands to hold it in place . There is also a `` rigid core '' that fits inside the basket ; my wife accidently threw it out after the basket opened when she had to clean it -LRB- I can see how it would happen -RRB- . I reordered a replacement , and it was several WEEKS before it shipped . Overall , I have not had a very good experience with this filter , although if I could get the $ @ # % thing to work , I might form a different opinion .
 Bought two of these for a turtle pond , and completely regret it . I have now replaced the magnetic impellers in both filters as least twice . The problem is that charcoal from the container leaks out and gets trapped in the impeller and destroys it . Buy an XP3 instead . It 's a much better product .
 Will this filter do everything is says ? YES ! It 'll keep your tank clean and it 'll last for years but ... and this is a HUGE BUT ... This filter was made in the late 80s , the design was nice for its time but compared to what we have now its pretty terrible . Initial set up must be done with extreme care or you 'll get leaks everywhere -LRB- Prepare to spend 2-3 hours for initial set up -RRB- . Maintenance takes about 1 hour -LRB- with the quick disconnect valve -RRB- expect longer if you do n't have it . VERY noisy until fully primed , which takes 2-3 days -LRB- You need to wait 2-3 days for the noise to die down after each maintenance -RRB- Theres absolutely no reason why this filter should still be on the market , I 'm a huge fan of Marineland , have ton of their products but this filter design is almost 30 years old ... Its time to retire this and come up with a new design.This cost almost as much as most modern day canister filters ... Do yourself a favor save an extra 20 dollars and get a Fluval 405 . -LRB- Maintance on my 405 takes 15 minute max and virtually no mess -RRB- There is pro to this filter ... The biowheel addon is awesome ! Been keeping aquarium for almost 15 years , and I have to say BioWheel is probably one of the best biological filtration you can get .
 Originally bought the Canister 350 from PetSmart . And like a fool , I lost my receipt . Got home , motor would n't turn . PetSmart , even though I had purchased via credit card 24 hours earlier , would not replace . Whole other story with that company . So I ended up buying a replacement motor assembly off here . 10 days later I received my motor . Advertised as new but had a leg broken and was dirty . Sweet . It gets better . Motor runs but wo n't draw water . After about a day of struggling with it I finally figured out it was missing something . An O-ring . Was n't in the troubleshooting guide in the manual . Oh , and the manual and quick start guide . Pathetic . I suppose if you had done this setup before it might be adequate but the manual is for people like myself . I 'd never installed or setup a canister filter . So roughly two weeks after I bought the filter/pump , it 's running . Loud as crap but it does what it is supposed to do.So , if you do n't need adequate instructions and you get lucky enough to get a filter that has all it 's parts AND they all work , AND you do n't mind a bulldozer sound coming from your filter , the 350 is awesome ! Needless to say , MarineLand will never , ever , ever , get another penny of my money.Buyer Beware . This company and it 's parts and services is a complete joke .
 You wo n't realize what a joke the canister is until you use a quality product.I got this filter as a throw in with a used aquarium . I ca n't believe they charge $ 150 for this thing new . The entire filter just has this cheap feeling , and the setup is complicated with several O rings and loose parts that kind of get sandwiched together by the canister lid . Want quick disconnects to clean the filter , no problem ! except they run 25 to 40 extra ! Thankfully I passed on that.I wanted carbon filtration so I went out and bought the carbon filter for it . After filling the unit with carbon , I popped it in and filled the canister with water per the directions . The lid of the carbon filter popped off way too easily and suddenly I had carbon everywhere in the filter , probably not good for the power head . Cleaned it up , and got it back on and thought I was ready to go . Plugged it in , turned it on and boom it was working ... except there was water coming out from the lid latches on the top !!! I promptly returned the carbon filter to the store and restrained myself from smashing this thing . Instead I got an Eheim ECCO , which by the way costs the same , is built soo much better and ridiculously easy to install and maintain , comes with quick disconnects and does n't leak !
 A long time fan of Marineland products - the Magnum 350 caught my interest because it can double as a water polishing unit that uses cartridges.I placed a call to Marinland and found out the polishing cartridge will remove particles as small as 10-15 microns . For true water polishing the only filter in the world that can remove particles as small as one micron in size is the Diatom by Vortex - renowned for it 's ability to filter out pathogens and parasites like ich.As a primary filter for your aquarium I ca n't recommend the Magnum.It 's limited to mechanical filtration only , the chamber you use for activated charcoal is far to small to hold enough biological filter media to colonize enough nitrifying bacteria.The filter has poor build quality all the way around.It ca n't hold a candle to the solid craftsmanship you would find with say , eheim . It 's also sub par to anything put out by Fluval.Problems happened fast after the first use . The impeller is quirky it starts and stops and is a constant battle . You 're forever having to adjust it and the entire assembly . It can leak as well - Especially if you have n't applied enough silicone to the head gasket . It 's also loud - and it 's a noise like a coffee grinder.Quick Specs * Certified Flow Rate of 350 GPH * No water bypass * Good for tanks up to 100 gallons * Can convert easily from continuous filtration to water polishing * 2 year manufacturer 's warranty * Polishing cartridges can be cleaned and re-charged with bleach solutionAt the list price around $ 329.99 I would n't give it a first glance not to mention a second one . But to find it here on Amazon for a mere $ 94 - it 's a decent deal.The polishing cartridges sell for $ 19.99 just about everyplace I looked.However you can find them here on Amazon for $ 9.00 This is n't a filter for everyone . It should only be the choice of the hobbyist who wants water polishing from time to time.And who understands the issues and headaches that come with owning and maintaining one .
 If you use sand substrate , and have fish that sift and spit sand , like my African cichlids do , this filter is probably going to be more trouble than it 's worth.I do regular tank maintenance but this filter has been nothing but an enormous headache ! I 've had it for one year , it came missing some gaskets -LRB- which Marineland quickly sent -RRB- , and I liked it for the first month and a half . Then it started breaking down more often than it ran ... every day it seemed like it had some new problem and it 's not cheap to replace its parts , I 've now paid more than double the purchase price ... Yes , my fish are admittedly hard on filters , they require extra filtration , and they do spit sand directly into filter intakes . However , I use pre-filter sponges and two filters on each tank , I do weekly water changes and bi-weekly filter cleaning -LRB- every week , one filter per tank is completely cleaned -RRB- ... I do n't expect my filters to last as long as they last people who keep community tanks , or other types of fish but I definitely expect them to last longer than one year ! * note
 I have this filter along with a Fluval 205 on a 55 gallon goldfish tank . The little Fluval is doing all the work . This canister filter is only equiped for mechanical and chemical filtration when , as we all know biological is by far the most important . There is no room for bio filter media . There is a seperate bio-wheel attatchment for bio filtration . I do not use carbon and so filled the carbon chamber with ceramic rings for bio media . There is VERY little room to add the media of your choice . This filter does a good job at mechanical filtration and my water is generally clear . For only a bit more money you can get an AquaTop or Fluval - both much better in my opinion with a lot of room for media . On the upside the customer service is great - I 've called multiple times because of problems and they always help . The filter is simple to assemble and maintain .
 After a few hours , the filter becomes less noisy but still very distracting . Viewing my tank is no longer relaxing . In addition , the set up is a drippy pain . I will likely go back to using my underpowered hanging filter until I determine which quiet filter -LRB- Eheim or Fluval -RRB- to get .
 this product has de imagen wrong . this isnt be the image I saw on the website when I made the purchase . . and all the seller say is : Carlos , The black compartments that you are speaking of with the filter wheels are for the other model I had mentioned before . The Magnum 350 Pro has the added bio-wheel option ; this is not what you have ordered . The Magnum with the added bio-wheel to make it a Pro version is also extra money.I hope this helps to clarify , any other questions let me know.JessicaBig Al 's OnlineBig Al 's has a blog!Check it out for info and tips :[ ... -RSB- From
 I bought this canister for my 60 gallon tank of discus . It took a long time to get together and get working , but then when I needed to switch out the media inside the canister , all heck broke loose . The lid on the charcoal holder kept coming off getting charcoal everywhere . And the silicone ring to keep a water-tight seal on the lid kept falling off , getting lost inside of the canister . Do n't waste your money and just get a Fluval .
 Suppose to work quietly , and I have two of them , neither is silent . Kind of sounds like water rushing . I keep them under the fish tanks in the stand to lessen the noise . I called their support line as parts were missing . The person I spoke to was very kind and willing to help me out and sent the parts out without giving me any grief . I asked about the canister not filling up all the way thus making the water rushing noise , she said after a long pause that it was normal operation of said filter.Putting the filters together was not very simple . Nothing has broken on me but I can see how people do n't like the very plastic feel for something that is expensive as these canister filters are.The media is a little difficult to work with when taking out the old to replace.The only good design of the whole filter , the fact that the body will disconnect from the motor so you do not have to unplug the unit from the wall , or in my case , the power strip behind the tank stand that is n't easy to get too.Over all not a bad filter because it does clean the water pretty well , but the design flaws it has and the noise force me to give it two stars .
 even though they connect , it creates a weak spot where the tubes are likely to fall off.RIP Alice . ; _ ;
 I 've used the original 16-oz . Lixit Thirsty Dog Water Bowl with the hard plastic cup attached to the end of the lid for several years now -LRB- and given half a dozen away to other dog owners , then re-ordered to always have a back-up on hand -RRB- . It was a great water bottle that never leaked , and you always had a convenient cup available for the dog to drink from when you 're away from home . I use a service dog , so the water bottle received daily hard use and the original bottle lasted over 4 years before it got banged up enough to start leaking a little.This new 20-oz . model with the soft rubbery `` bowl '' on the side -LRB- that you have to flip inside-out for the dog to drink from -RRB- is a poor replacement for the original 16-oz . bottle-and-cup design . They are two totally different types of water bottle , made by different companies , but both were sold by Lixit under the same name/UPC code.I wrote to Lixit to find out why they changed the design - it was because the original manufacturer was jacking the price out of range for most dog owners . Unfortunately , Lixit kept the same UPC code and name for their new bottle design , which is confusing when searching for a water bottle based on other people 's reviews.The original model was great -LRB- though the cup was rather small if you had larger dogs -RRB- . The new model is a pain in the neck to get the `` bowl '' unfolded and then refolded against the side of the bottle and it leaks like a sieve . You can still purchase this older design by searching for `` Water Rover '' but it 's $ 14 AND the two Water Rover bottles I just paid $ 14 each for -LRB- Dec. 2010 -RRB- also LEAK !!! So I no longer can recommend that design either.I solved the leaking problem by going to my local hardware store where there are smart folks to help you out , and bought O-ring washers to insert in the lid . This completely stopped the leaking . I suppose the same could be done for Lixit 's new 20-oz . water bottle which leaks terribly -LRB- 1/3 cup of water leaked out during a 3-day test of leaving the bottle laying on it 's side in a ziploc bag -RRB- , but you 're still left with the problem of turning the water bowl inside-out then right-side-in when the dog is through drinking - it 's flexible rubber , but VERY DIFFICULT to do .
 This looked like a great product and had good reviews which swayed my choice . The way the bowl works is great . Where the product fails is the carry strap . When I filled the bottle about 3/4 full with water , and carried it on my shoulder with the strap , the bottle fell off . The screw top is n't strong enough to hold the top with strap to the bottle . The result
 I hate this item - do not waste your money . The bowl does n't just flip off of the bottle - you have to twist it into the shape of a bowl . Its very hard to get it into the bowl shape and you end of squeezing water everywhere . I gave up after several attempts of using it and threw the stupid thing out !
 Threads on cap do n't hold under the weight of a full bottle . I used the straps and had 2 bottles let loose . The bowl is hard to use without strong hands . It 's only use is to hold water in my car for use in another bowl .
 When my dogs had three puppies in 2008 , I bought four different pet water bottles from four different manufacturers . This was the cheapest one of the four models and it shows.First , the concept of having to bend the bottle 359 `` inside out '' may seem clever in theory , but is very impractical in practice . After doing it a couple times one becomes quicker at doing it , but under challenging and changing weather conditions -LRB- sun , salt water , cold -RRB- , something rips or leaks rather sooner or later.Moreover , the soft plastic required for such a concept seems to be something that dogs rather chew on than drink from . This reduces the life expectancy of the bendable tray even further.Of the four products , only two survived the first year . Unfortunately , this was not one of them , so it can not be recommended to anybody who intends to go on excursions frequently . One of the other two leaks all the time , so of the four products I tried , my recommendation is theGulpy Water Dispenser .
 I agree with the reviewer who claimed that the drinking tray is too difficult to use . It sounds good on paper , but twisting and then flipping the tray is a procedure that is not condusive with walking the dog as it takes time . I also experienced the problem with the cap not staying on the bottle . The threads do n't hold it on and after two uses , the whole contraption was useless as it leaked all over the place . No amount of teasing , cajoling or expertise made this bottle work so I finally just threw it away . Waste of money for sure .
 The idea behind this water bottle is good with the flip out attached bowl , however , it leaks like crazy . The threaded rim of the bottle is not completely round so the cap does not screw on tightly.Waste of money !
 By looking at the pictures I was n't sure how the product worked but after purchasing it I figured out that I should have purchased a different product . The concept is nice as there is a cover attached to the water bottle which flips inside out to act as the water bowl . It takes a bit of effort to flip the plastic inside out and when it 's cold outside , the cover is even more difficult to invert . When we went hiking with this water bottle , I put it in my dog 's backpack . After about 30 minutes of hiking , I pulled the water bottle out only to find that a third of the water had leaked out . I thought that I had closed the top tightly but maybe not tight enough . I have n't used it since so I ca n't say for sure if the bottle just leaks or if the top has to be super tight to prevent leakage . I 'm thinking about purchasing a collapsible water bowl in lieu of using this item anymore .
 the product is Ok , However with all the 5 star reviews I expected better I am very disappointed > I wish reviews would be more direct when making there comments . Because buyers as my self really do count on there opinions . with that said . does the bottle hold water - yes , with slight leaking . does the water flow back into container - yes it can but it does n't just flow you need to hold the cup and pour it back and yes water will spill . is the cup large enough for the dogs mouth . yea a dog will drink out of your hand if you cup it but that 's not ideal and either is this bottle cup . Plus the bottle it 's self is small -LRB- this would work out better with a small bred dog like a toy dog I have a rottie & a boxer -RRB- I am not impressed and I wish I would have saved my money
 I would n't want one of these bottles . If they were giving them away . I ca n't believe I paid money for this . Save your few dollars . This is cheap garbage !!
 It 's a great idea but the pull up top leaks when pushed down to the closed position . I bought one a a local pet store and it leaked . They replaced it but the replacement leaked also . The clerk and I looked at all the ones they had and the tops were all suspect . If kept upright * should * be fine but otherwise , beware .
 Bought this item and at first it was great , although I had some trouble folding out the bowl . But my dog loved it and it was convenient to take . Unfortunately , I live in Florida , where the heat in the summer gets to some fairly unbearable highs -LRB- hence me buying this for my dog in the first place -RRB- . Anyway , I left the bottle in the back of my car while I went to PetSmart with my dog for about 45 minutes . When I came back to my car to retrieve the bottle , the bowl part of the bottle had melted itself into a completely useless form that was n't able to hold water anymore . I ended up having to cut the bowl off the bottle and just bought myself a folding bowl to take along . I 'm going to give Gulpy Pet a try and see if it fares any better ... hopefully , it being hard plastic , it might retain its form .
 The `` drinking dish '' is a piece of softer plastic that has to be turned inside out , creating KIND OF a bowl.Not worth it . Maybe for the emergency use when there is absolutely no other choice.I will continue bringing a big jug of water and her own dish to the park . My dog is not that big either , 50 or so lbs and the water held there would be enough for oh 1 or 2 drinks.Yes , they do specify 20 oz
 I read all of the great reviews that this product had , but I encountered nothing but problems . First , the pieces it came with did not fit my tank . The short attachment was too short and the long attachment was way too long so I had to cut it . The pump is not strong enough to pull the water up through the attachment no matter how much I cut it and even with it off , the pump had major problems . The product just did not perform as the manufacturer or other customers had testified to . It was way loud and kept up my kids atnight who slept in the next room . I was not impressed and changed back to the free filter that came with the tank - the Tetra Whisper brand .
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM . MY DOG TORE IT UP A DAY I WAS GONE . NOW HE IS AT THE VET RECOVERING FROM SURGERY . 1 STOMACH INCISION , AND 3 INTESTINE INCISIONS . DOG TOY : $ 6 , DOG : $ 250 , SURGERY : $ 2,500 = A P/O PET OWNER !
 I got the toy in the mail much later than it was supposed to be delivered and it was not the material I was expecting . I thought the tire would actually be made like a small tire , it was really just a super flimsy rubber My dog had it shredded in under a day .
 This Tropic Marin themometer reads 2 degrees -LRB- Farenheit -RRB- low when compared to four other thermometers -LRB- two of the others are digital -RRB- . I bought this thermometer new last week . It is in good condition -LRB- not broken , cracked , dropped , abused , etc. -RRB- . The red alcohol column is intact -LRB- no bubbles -RRB- . Two other aquarium thermometers -LRB- one digital -RRB- located in my aquarium read near 77 degrees F , while the new Tropic Marin thermometer reads near 75 degrees . In another comparison , two -LRB- human -RRB- body temperature thermometers -LRB- one digital -RRB- , placed in my mouth , both registered 98.4 degrees while the Tropic Marin reads about 96.5 degrees .
 After six consecutive days of trying to obtain an accurate temperature reading with this `` precision instrument '' I junked it for a medium to high end digital . $ 25.00 lesson learned .
 The thermometer arrived with a gap in the liquid indicator as often happens . Unfortunately , the glass column has a bend in it between the bulb and the main body of the thermometer . This makes reuniting the liquid impossible as the gap becomes hung up there.The suggested ice water method does not work as it is not cold enough to draw all the liquid dye into the bulb . If you shake the thermometer as advised , the beads in the bulb will break the glass . I have repaired thermometer problems many times when I worked in a laboratory , but this was a lost cause . The thermometer also lacks an expansion bulb at the top , so heating to eliminate the gap will burst the glass.I now suspect the temperature inaccuracies described in the other reviews were due to gaps in the column that were not noticed .
 Rabbits are not to have any form of dairy , whether it be cheese , milk , yogurt , whey , casein , or anything else . Unfortunately , there are many companies out there that are only aiming to increase profits and have no knowledge about the animals they market their products for , and unsuspecting caregivers of the animals buy their products with good intentions , but end up harming their furbabies in one way or another . I 've even found fish meal , yes , ground up fish , in treats for rabbits ! Rabbits are herbivores ! After being weaned , they survive and thrive on only plant matter.Take care of your bunnies and do not purchase any `` Yogies '' or other dairy treats for them , and ask others to do the same .
 This was an absolute waste of money , thank goodness it was cheap . It did n't prevent fleas when I sprayed it on the dogs before we went outside , and it did n't kill the fleas afterward . I would literally see a flea in their fur , saturate the area with the spray , and I could practically hear the flea going `` Weeee ! Bath time ! '' I 'm pretty sure I could have come closer to getting rid of the fleas if I had just let the dogs eat a $ 5 bill . Does n't sound like it would do much , you say ? Exactly . Neither did this . Oh , and the smell is ridiculously gross . I 'll never eat cloves again . It would have been acceptable if it had worked . But it did n't . I finally had to give in and put Frontline on the dogs , which I was hoping to avoid . I 'm also using a 10 % cedar oil spray , and that is helping , as we 're dealing with the infestation . Do n't waste your time or money or sanity with this .
 I have tried so many natural flea remedies that just are not working . but I am persevering hoping it will , I have spent too much money to give up .
 i have a Pitbull and it didnt last even a day with him ... take it from here ... :-LRB- Its 18inch but looked like 10 inch i guess its ok , for a very little dog , but if you have a big dog , dont een bother , you will waste your money !
 I just received this bulb that I ordered via Amazon . It is not an authentic Aqua bulb . I installed and it seems to be working but who knows if it will last as long as an authentic Aqua bulb or have the same effectiveness . I 'm very disappointed in the vendor for featuring a photo of a product the looks authentic and then shipping an item that is a knockoff .
 My Jack Russell has pretty bad allergies and I 've tried everything to get her to stop itching and biting . This is one of the many products I tried that did not work at all . Also , I 'm not sure if I should admit this , but I ran out a cortisone for me when I had just bought this , so of course I got a bug bite that itched like crazy . I decided to try this and see if it worked . It felt like I might as well have sprayed water on it . Nothing . That 's when I tossed it in the trash . This stuff is worthless .
 The item came on time and intact but it was much smaller than shown in the picture . When they say 8-12 inches long , they really mean a stick . I am fine with the wood type and the rest of customer service but the picture is VERY misleading and much larger than what they actually send .
 do n't buy this it is not what the picture represents !!! looks more like a tree branch than driftwood and you can actually see saw marks like it is part of a pruned bush . Its a 20 inch long stick .
 I soaked this wood as instructed but months later it was still causing my aquarium water to turn brown . I ended up taking it out . It 's very large and pretty for the price , but who wants brown aquarium water ?
 This is large ? I ordered 2 of these , and the largest of the 2 was approx . 16x9 , and the other was even smaller . Either I was sent the wrong size , but gee , I ca n't tell as the size is n't stated on the packaging -- or the product is misrepresented . Large is supposed to 20-26 inches!Immediately after opening the box , I applied for a refund , reboxed this junk , and UPS will pick it up tomorrow.If you need 20-26 inch pieces of wood , this ai n't it .
 Purchased Eradimite for a new kitten who came home from the shelter with earmites . Poor guy still has earmites and now our adult cat has them too . I 'm still treating them both but we plan to take them to the vet to see if they can recommend something different for my itchy-eared guys .
 I have a very gentle playing cockapoo and he LOVES plushy footballs . This particular football , while very cute and soft , had a hole in it the same day that I gave it to him . I took it away and up to my sewing room , and after taking it apart a little found that the construction is VERY poor . Mesh fabric lines the white material which my dog 's little teeth punctured and ripped immediately . I tried to reinforce the stiching with some thread , but a week later it was sporting holes again so I threw it out . Very disappointing .
 Got this for our JRT bc football toys are hard to fine , it did not even last 1 day before it ripped at all the seams . This is not made well at all . I know that I posted I got this for our JRT and JRT 's are known to be crazy-energy dogs however ; our dog is very lazy and not the typical JRT and he still managed to destroy this after one play time . The search for a new football toy continues ...
 MY dog loved his football toy and has had it for years finally it was no longer fixable . I found this one online and it said 7 in . When I got it , it was smaller than that and on the order summary i got with the toy says comments
 I purchased 10 of theses footballs . They are very poorly made for a dog toy . They fall apart very easy . I purchased some from a local store and they have been holding up for more than 6 months and several washing machine visits . the ones I purchased here do n't even last a week . -3 stars
 With a cat and two dogs , I 've used numerous urine removal products on my carpet -LRB- Urine Off , Stink Out , Nature 's Miracle , Odo-Ban , Eco-88 -RRB- . I read the instructions for Get Serious and followed them . Although it will get pee stains out of carpet , it does not eliminate the odor . A healthy dose of Urine Off will remove the odor , but sometimes leaves behind a greasy yellow-brown spot . Eco-88 will remove odor and stain , but it is expensive . Those are the two products I 've come to rely on . Get Serious is too expensive for as little as it does .
 Berries , as with the majority of fruits and vegetables are TOXIC to cats . Just because berries are good for humans , does NOT mean they 're good for cats . They 're not !!! The cat 's liver is very different from human livers . If you want to kill your cat -LRB- slowly & painfully -RRB- , give them this stuff ! It 's pretty sad when cat product manufacturers would rather pander to public opinion -LRB- based on what pet product manufacturers have `` fed '' humans for years -RRB- that what is good for humans is good for our furry & furless loved ones . BTW , I had to give this review one star to get my review to take , though I actually give it zero stars !
 This is not for any cat that I have . The `` mini cat cow bell '' is very much like a fishing bell , just slightly smaller . That is very big for a cat to be wearing . There is nothing `` mini '' about this bell . Maybe for a dog about 60lbs or so.length 1 '' x 3/4 '' - picture that hanging on you cat , they wo n't be happy and neither will you .
 I bought this bell for my rabbit thinking it would be the perfect thing for him so my husband and i could hear were he is . Ok ... so the add clearly says , `` mini '' cat cow bell , and when i put it on my bunny he could not lift his head up . This bell is no were near as small as it leads you to think . it is approx half an inch long ! that 's no mini bell in my book ! Completely DISsatisfied with it !
 The filter and hood component are wonderful ... the light on the other hand.To start , the light lost one of the tubes after 1 month of service , not from the tube burning out but due to the fixtures end caps being garbage , that coupled with the external ballast that reached temps of over 185 degrees F -LRB- as read with my laser therm -RRB- I thought this would be something Marineland would want to hear about ... how wrong I was , after they sent me a defective replacement light they stopped replying to email and phone calls to rectify the situation . The second ballast actually melted the plug , and still no response from Marineland . Enter the BBB and low and behold a complete refund for the system . I have since replaced the light fixture with a led system and it fits nicely under the hood . The hood is a good looking and functional filter hood , it is a shame that they would not stand by their product.Buyer Beware
 This is garbage . My cat just ignores the scent and goes to sleep . I spray it all around her and all she doest is sniff it then walk away . Get the real stuff , not a liquid spray . I saw they also had catnip bubbles that you blow in your cat 's face . LOL how ridiculous !
 Prior to trying this product I had been using From the Field catnip spray for my three cats . They all love that product and go bonkers when I spray their toys . I tried this spray instead last time because it was less expensive . They do n't react to this spray at all . When I opened the bottle and smelled it I noticed that it smells sort of minty , like it 's been scented . In my experience catnip should smell sort of like overbrewed tea - not mint . I do n't think this product is ` pure ' catnip , or maybe I got an ` off ' bottle . I wish I had spent the extra money on a higher quality product which works .
 My cat , who absolutely adores dried catnip , has not been attracted to anthing I 've sprayed with this spray . I might as well just have sprayed air or water on things.I am sorry I purchased this spray , would n't recommend it to anyone , and definitely wo n't buy it again .
 I opened one up , unlocked the cap for the catnip to go in and before I could take the cap off the ball rolled back into the lady bug and the cap is now stuck inside . So , before I even got to try it on the cats , it 's useless as far as the catnip goes . Definitely poorly designed in that way .
 . Easy to use , sprinkle on food . Birds more active . Feathers brighter . Would recommend for those birds getting ready to nest .
 I had really high hopes for this product based on other reviews . We recently discovered several areas where our dog has been peeing/marking ; there was not much of a color stain but the odor and residue needed help , especially since the holidays were approaching and everyone was coming to our house.Per the instructions , I mixed the powder with warm water and used it in our rug shampooer . After letting the area sit for awhile to give it time to work , I noticed the smell had not dissipated at all and the stickiness was still present . I thought maybe we had a worse case than normal and retreated it ; again to no avail . The product appeared to have absolutely no effect at all.I later went to our local pet supply and got some Nature 's Miracle Urine Destroyer which I used over the same area with MUCH better results . I would n't say the smell is 100 % gone but it is much fainter now and feels clean . Ultimately I think we will need to replace the carpet but for now it is acceptable.It 's really too bad I had to shell out money twice for this since I was really expecting a good outcome from the Odormute . But I just can not recommend it at all given my experience of it doing nothing . Try Nature 's Miracle instead .
 Although the product is effective and reasonably priced , it was not as convenient as the premixed urine enzyme cleaners I have used previously . This one is a powder that must be mixed with a cup of water and wait 5 minutes to dissolve then add rest of water . Then it must be used within 4 hours for peak effectiveness . I tend to have spots that occur sporadically in my house and so I prefer something premixed and that has a longer shelf life .
 Two dogs and two teenagers and the odors become overpowering enough for me to check into a hotel , no matter how clean my house is . This item did n't begin to address the issue . Hope it works better for everyone else ! The product was delivered in a timely manner and packaged well . Not the sellers fault . Good luck , hope it works better for you !
 The specs say it fits a one inch pipe . Take them at their word . I tried to use it with a 3/4 inch pipe that has a 1.050 inch OD . No Joy !
 This product works well with the mini habitrail , but does n't look the same . I did not like the looks , it is wider then the original from OVO and it looks like was made for the regulas hamster habitat , not for the dwarf . I just noticed that it does not look like the picture , I feel like they have sent me the wrong one !
 I admit I did read the reviews that others wrote complaining of this problem but I was hoping it would n't happen to me . I put the collar on and followed all the instructions . My 6lb dog can bark and the red light does n't light up . I have tested the collar myself and i ca n't elicit the vibration/shock either . I even bought another $ 10 battery and it did n't work .
 Our neighbor has called animal control over our barking 15 lb . dog so went to PetCo and bought this .1 . Suspected problem when unit start up did not include the orange LED flash specified in the manual .2 . Put in new battery - thinking it could be low . No change in barking.Called customer service to find they are redoing the manual and what else could they say?How about a refund ? Absolutely no bark control with this model .
 I bought this product for my Yorkshire Terrier . It has not helped control any of her barking . I gave up and decided to let her bark .
 my little yoirkie did not respond to this devise whatsoever , even considering it was practically choking her in order for the device to work at all . She still kept on barking . I wasted my money
 Battery falls out making it worthless . . Not worth the price you pay for it . . Very dissappointed in this product for the amount of money spent . I bought 3 of them and none proved to be worth the money .
 Well , I dont normally provide feedback but I feel its time to give back to the community . I chose this collar based on its pleasant design and ignored the lower feedback rating for the review . This wasnt my normal methodology for choosing a product . I typically look for 4 or 5 stars . So , I only have myself to blame . Anyhow , the bark collar isnt as effective as one would expect . My dog is normally quiet unless someone approaches the house , rings the bell or knocks on the door . It worked at first . Day 1 barking , caused a response from the collar and the dog yelped . Not sure if it was very painful or the dog was just surprised . However , by week two , he still barks whenever he feels like , albeit , less often . So , if you 're looking for a less frequent barking , this product may be for you . if you want your dog to learn to stop barking at the mail man or other visitors , this may not be the right collar .
 I bought this for a miniature dachshund , so her neck is about six or seven inches around . This collar worked for her barking , but the fit was terrible . The collar is made of a stiff rubber and is all one piece , so it can not be put on a more flexible collar . When it is adjusted to her small size , the buckle and barking device make the collar an odd shape , so the barking device does not stay by her throat unless it is adjusted so tightly that the prongs on the device press too hard into her throat . It works for her barking , but I would buy a different style of collar for a dog with a very small neck .
 Do not waste your money . This very expensive collar works good for the first few shocks , then the problem becomes that the plastic starts to weaken and the collar will slide to the side of your dog 's neck rendering it useless . Even if we tighten it to the point of practically choking the dog it still slides around to the side after 15 or so minutes . I do not recommend any of the PetSafe products actually . Many complaints have been logged all over the Web with their products in general . Instead of the shock route , we are going the Ultrasonic route with Ultimate Dog Silencer by Good Life .
 Unfortunately there is no option for anything less than 1 star . The light blinks as though it 's working . Absolutely no response when our 11 # dog barks ... nothing . It 's going back to the store , thankfully they have a good return policy .
 I wish I had read the other reviews before purchasing 2 of these bark collars . I agree totally that the collar wo n't stay in place so it ca n't detect vibration from the dog 's vocal cords . The collar is useless if this vibration is n't felt . I emailed PetSafe inquiring if they had any suggestions - that was about 6 weeks ago & I still have n't heard anything from them . Do n't waste your money ...
 First of all , if you have a long-haired dog -LRB- mine is a Cairn Terrier -RRB- , you have to shave its neck regularly to get and maintain electrical conductivity for the shock . Next , the device activates only after three consecutive barks . Cairn Terriers , like many other breeds , are not stupid and quickly learn to bark in two bark sequences to avoid the shock . High pitched whining is not detected . They get shocked very infrequently , if at all . The device itself is not inexpensive and the proprietary batteries are a rip-off at ten dol * ars each - requiring replacement monthly . Google better replacement battery solutions and find out how to use generic batteries . The plastic collar gets brittle and breaks over time . It did work for about a month , then becomes a costly nuisance that gets tossed in the bad idea can .
 I received a different product , similar but not what I wanted . After not receiving any support about the issue I attempted to use it . All it does is shock my dog when she is running around and then does not work at all when she barks . The poor thing was too scared to even move because the shocks happened to randomly and I am seriously annoyed that i wasted my money .
 We are returning this collar tomorrow - We bought TWO for our cavaliers -LRB- 2 -RRB- and were sadly dissapointed !
 This item is worthless on small animals . The collar 's plastic is too rigid for a 6lb dog 's neck . If you keep it tight , it only shifts around to the side of their neck . I 've had this for almost a year and it 's only worked a handful of times . Do not waste your money . I spent the extra money on this model because I thought that it was more humane - now I 'm just a moron that 's out $ 80 .
 This collar spins around our dog 's neck -LRB- 9lb dog -RRB- and fails to measure vibration of the constant bark and therefore no correction . The collar is plastic and unable to be fastened tightly enough to stay in place and keep the mechanism at the throat . It is useless by design and ineffective at giving a correction . We would not recommend this product .
 This product simply did not work on our Welsh Corgi . No matter how tight the collar was , or how short I shaved her neck , she rarely recieved any correction . As stated in other reviews , the collar moves too easily and unless it is perfectly positioned , on practically bare skin , at all times , you wo n't get consistent results . Customer support said the probes ca n't be longer because of the design . I think that says it all ... poor design for the money . What a waste !
 My experience is with the Pet Safe BC-103 not this model , but I was so dissatisfied I do n't want other to go through what I did . I really do n't have a lot of use for it as my dog is well trained at home , but I need the collar when I am in hotels or at places where he is excited and it is critical not to make noise . Thus the reason for waiting so long to write a review . My complaints are , It is difficult to determine if it is working , so I was always playing with it to try and determine if it was broken , a dead battery or OK . I had to talk with a service rep on how to determine if it was working . I had used it many times and was n't sure if the dog just gave up on barking or if it really worked . Finally , with a new battery , adjusting the collar and watching my dog bark for 2 hours nonstop at the top of his lungs , I determined the thing was useless . I threw it away and will try another brand . It has been so long I 'm sure the company would n't give me a refund . The bark collar I had before worked great .
 I bought this collar over a year ago for my min pin and it simply does not work . It has to stay directly on the front of the throat very tightly for it to work and this is impossible on a little dog . Even when put on very tightly , the collar shifts to the side so that the sensor is no longer directly on my dog 's throat and will not be able to detects his barks . It 's worked before for a minute or two but then shifts to the side and dog just barks away . Do n't waste your money on this very expensive collar that does not work . I am going to try a citronella spray collar instead .
 I had the misfortune of purchasing this collar . This collar is a disaster for a few reasons . First , the collar does not stay in place over the voice box . Because of the rigidity and shape of the collar and the fact that the heavy buckle is on the side of the collar , the collar will ride up and sit on the side of the dogs neck rendering it useless . Second , even when it is positioned correctly , it does n't work . Perhaps it is the battery -LRB- which I replaced twice -RRB- or internally it is broken . Either way , stay away from this mess of a product . Petsafe should be ashamed of the poor quality .
 It does n't zap the yap of our newly adopted Pomeranian mix . Although we have seen her jump once or twice and it appeared to be the zap that did it , but it did n't slow her down much . We did everything according to directions , and even shaved a spot on her neck to help make better contact . We have used the shock trainer collar on our mastiff mix and it worked extremely well . I 'm disappointed with this bark collar though .
 UPDATE - This turned out to be a waste of money . My dog quickly learned how to shake the sensor off his vocal chords , and it seemed cruel to make it even more snug than it was . Plus , I 'm also not going to shave my dogs neck ! -------------------- I have a 6lb . Pomeranian and I tried this collar out as a last resort , since I was getting no where with positive reinforcement or spanks to his furry little butt . The collar kept shifting as he would shake his head to move the sensor out of place . So I had to really make sure that the collar was snug enough , but not so snug that I ca n't fit one finger between the contact point and his neck . Otherwise , if it 's not placed directly in the middle of his neck to sense the vibrations from his vocal chords , it wo n't work . This is a good and bad feature as it ensures that not just any dog 's bark is going to set it off , but it 's bad because if the collar is not fit properly it wo n't work -LRB- or your dog is smart and can figure out how to move it out of place -RRB- . Since he has long hair and the fit needs to be very snug , it 's not possible to use the snap feature to quickly take the collar on and off . Otherwise , his hair will get caught . This means that I have to remove the collar fully and adjust the strap each time I take it on/off every day . If you have a short haired dog , you should be fine . FYI , it 's not meant to be worn for more than 12 hrs every day , and you want to turn the battery off when your dog 's not wearing it as the replacement batter is not cheap . Cheapest I found is $ 10 via Amazon with free shipping.I 've already noticed a huge change the first day he wore it , but he seems to revert back to normal when it 's off . I 'm happy that it seems to work so far , but you really have to fidget around with the fit a great deal and it 's not so easy to take it on/off with long haired dogs .
 I should have heeded the other reviewers . At first it did not work because the sensor part would not stay under his chin . . ever . So my husband devised a way to solve that problem . Then the little battery case with the battery and the on/off button fell out ! Our yard is too big to ever hope to find it . So Spike continues to bark his little head off . I am thoroughly disgusted and VERY disappointed . Do not waste your money .
 Before I bought this collar , I was attracted to it because it is small and made for small dogs . I have a 11 lb . havanese so I thought a small collar would be best . I read the reviews , most of which seemed to indicate that the collar did n't work , but I still bought the collar because I was hoping it would work for me . Unfortunately , the collar worked only 1 time . One single shock and it never worked again . I followed all the directions exactly and even shaved a bunch of the fur around my dog 's neck but it still did n't work . Please heed my warning and do not purchase this collar . Fortunately , I was able to get a full refund from Amazon . Hopefully Petsafe realizes what a crap product they made and make significant improvements .
 Bought this after using a similar model some years ago . The problem with this one is both the sound and vibration have to be at the right `` frequency '' to illicit a shock . It has never worked . I would not recommend this product .
 We 've had several bark collars over the years for our dogs . After a year , and trying it on two dogs , this is by far the worst purchase ever ! Collar itself is poorly designed ; an overly complicated buckle AND quick release set up made with cheap , stiff plastic that does not conform to a `` little dog 's '' neck at all . Being stiff , the overly-light sensor is easily rubbed off the dog 's throat -LRB- my dogs are not stupid ! -RRB- where it does n't give any correction . After all , the dog needs to be able to breathe -- how tight can a collar be ? The only thing the special , expensive battery does is power the flashing `` on '' light - constantly . At least I can find my Cairn Terrier in the dark - that is , if she is n't already out there barking . Phooey !
 Bought two . Did n't work for either dog . Followed the directions to the ` t ' but it never deterred even one bark . Huge waste of money .
 First I do want to thank Petsafe for excellent customer service in quickly replacing my deluxe little dog bark collar . When I first received my 2nd collar I was excited as it worked right away . Unfortunately in the next five days it only worked once . It is very difficult to keep the part on the throat and I do not know if that is the problem . Unfortunately there are a lot of reviews saying the same thing . I am very frustrated with this product not working and am wondering what kind of testing your company does , as there are many bad reviews . It is a big decision to buy this item , not to mention the cost and then not have it work . I hope you can take this make to testing so others do not have to experience the same frustration.Petsafe has redesigned this collar and is suppose to have the new one available soon .
 This is the worst piece of junk I have ever bought . If you put it on according to the instructions , it immediately slips to the back of the dogs necks . If you put it on a little tighter , it just takes a scratch to send it to the back of the dogs neck . You can tighten it till it is probably choking your dog , and it still wont work . You are better off taking a $ 100 bill and attaching it to your dog with a rubber band , probably much much more effective . I dont know what these other people are smoking , but I have had this for nearly a year , and it has worked maybe 5 times .
 This collar is poorly made , the plastic strap is inflexible and wo n't stay over my dogs throat . If I could give it zero stars I would . The green light blinks like it is working but never delivers a shock . Also , the batteries do n't last more than a couple of days , and at around $ 10.00 a battery it adds up quickly . The manufacturer should be embarrassed of this product !
 I have purchased this collar twice . Both times my Beagle was n't eveb phased . She would continue to bark even with the collar on and working.She was also able to shake and roll on the grass enough to get it turn around so it would even work.It never worked either time and it was a complete waste of money and it is n't a cheap collar either . I would not try this one again !!
 I have three small dogs , two of which are problem barkers . The problem is that the collar is n't very good at detecting a bark . The packaging states that it is n't supposed to shock them for every bark , which makes plenty of sense , but the problem is that it almost never `` fires '' at all.It partly works on our Jack Russel , which has a relatively deep-toned bark . When he wears the collar he does reduce his barking after it shocks him a few times , but mostly he changes how he barks in a way that does n't set off the collar.On our Chihuahua , which is the worst barker , it apparently ca n't detect his annoying high-pitched yapping at all . I have never seen it actually shock him . I suppose I 'll switch to a remote control system.I was surprised at how poorly this works -- the PetSafe invisible fence products are great -LRB- although they 're all insanely overpriced and the one company has bought up all the others to completely control the market -RRB- .
 This collar did not work very long , at all ! I , too , kept buying the expensive batteries & it would only work for a week or two ... I just fianlly threw it away ! WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY ! I am low income , so this feels a lot like a HUGE RIP-OFF ! SHAME ON YOU , PET SAFE ! Why not just make a decent collar that actually works ? If you rip-off enough of us , you 'll eventually get a very bad reputation . I guess you 'll make plenty of money from idiots like me before that happens though . Thanx for nothing !
 Got this for our 6 1/2 lb Papillon , who barks at everything . The only way I can keep the prongs right on her throat is by making it really tight . I do n't feel comfortable -LRB- her neither I 'm sure -RRB- having it that tight on her throat for any length of time . If it was lighter weight it might work better .
 We bought the PetSafe collar for small dogs who bark entirely too much . It is made of a rigid plastic in a round shape that will not conform to the neck of any of our 3 Maltese . This particular collar is meant to stay on the voice box area or it wo n't work . Unfortunately , because it 's rigid , it slides up a dog 's neck very easily . I have worked with fabric and then with foam rubber trying to pad the sides so it ca n't slide . Even when I can barely get a bit of fingertip between the prong and neck so that it feels too snug and is also snug on the sides , it only takes minutes for it to start sliding out of position . A shrug , a shake , or simply walking a few steps is all it takes . This is a one piece molded plastic unit and for our dogs , is not going to work . It should also be noted that if you have a nuisance barker who barks at any sound or sight , it may be effective but if you have a dog that barks at a family member , this is NOT a good solution as a shock collar may well result in more problems . The dog now has another negative association to the person . Consult a trainer or behaviorist before buying.F . Qualls
 Do n't buy this . Yes it works good . But if your dog managed to chew the collar or you break the collar , there isNO replacement collar for this model . Choose one that you can get a replacement collar for , it 's a bad design .
 I 've purchased 3 of these collars believing they would work well for our 3 shih tzu 's . They worked when they pleased / registered causing the dog to yelp and stop barking ... . ok , what we want to accomplish right ? The collars turn on the dogs neck and do not stay in place , thus barking returns . . you have to constantly adjust . Maybe they work 20 % of the time ? So I figured perhaps continue working with them until one collar decides to go off as it pleases !! and consistantly !! I could n't figure out why the dog was yelping til I stuck my hand there . One collar down ... 2 more remain . A few weeks later during bath time I notice one of the dogs neck is similar to the photos ' posted here , all cut up , raw , marks from where the collar was , yet it was not too tight and instructions followed and he wore the same collar the past 9 months . I do n't know if its a defect and keeps going off , or digs in their skin burning them or what . Two collars down , and the thrid removed and I am not trying them again.My recommendation ... sure they may work for you , but after a year of owning one goes off as it please 's and the other causes wounds on the dogs neck ? Is it worth it ?
 Please beware when buying this product . Look at the photos in the image gallery of my dog 's neck . This product was used exactly under the written directions of the manual . It burned her neck badly . I would never buy this product again . We followed the instructions to the letter and it still burned her neck . Buyer beware !!!!!
 This unit was used on a 7 pound poodle . Who ever designed this item did a horrible job . The collar is heavy stiff rubber and does not swivel at the connections to the unit . the result is the collar stands out away from the dogs neck and will not stay centered . The unit has three projections that are supposed to touch the dogs neck . The way it is designed one of the end contacts is always held away from neck . We clipped the hair down to the skin and the result was still a failure . My dog has worn this all day for quite a few days and never once has there been a correction . This is a piece of junk ! Save your money
 This collar was a complete waste of money . It looks to be very well made and effective , but looks can be very deceiving . While this collar may be effective if it stays properly positioned on the dog 's neck , I would n't know because the collar always rotates so that the device is on the side of the dog 's neck , not under the neck where it should be . I could not make the collar fit any tighter without closing off the dog 's airway . Do n't waste your money on this product because you will have to buy another collar once you see that this one is ineffective . In the garbage it goes !
 I purchased two of these collars and had to return both . They were working fine but had no effect on the barking . I would assume the self adjusting correction feature sets itself at a very low stimulation level and there is no way to manually turn up the correction . My 2 barkers went off barking like usual , and other than noticing a slight correction from the collar , kept on barking . The collars also have an automatic shut off , so the dogs simply learned to bark till they shut the collars off , then kept on barking . A design flaw also forces the box on the collar to constantly slide onto the side of the neck , so it does not pick up any vibration from barking . No matter how you adjust it , the box slide back to the side within minutes . Biggest waste of money ever .
 I have n't had a chance to review this yet because it arrived with a virtually dead battery . The only positive thing I can say is there was enough charge in the battery to provide a red blinking light enough times to indicate it was dead -LRB- rathe than the device was totally defective -RRB- . Note it 's virtually impossible on Amazon to contact the vendor to get a replacement battery . It 's return it or nothing . So beware of ordering this product .
 I have a 10 lb . Shih Tzu/Maltese mix who barks through the night . Bought this collar without checking reviews . Big mistake ! This collar does n't fit the contours of a small dogs round neck well . One small shake of his head or scratch from a hind leg and the collar moves to one side or the other of his neck and no longer works . No amount of adjusting , tightening , etc. has corrected the problem . I 've also tried shaving his fur and tightening the collar to the point that I 'm certain it 's actually too tight . It still slides to one side or the other and stops working . Now , when I 'm up all night listening to my dog bark , I get to think about all the money I threw out the window on this collar , too . I think this collar has actually been more stressful to me than the barking .
 it does n't work at all ! I have 2 chihuahuas and the collar always slides to the side . it has never once picked up the sound or the vibration as it claims . save your money .
 Purchased this collar for our bichon-poo , he is a little yippy at times . Collar worked fine for about a week , then he started barking again , replaced the battery that cost $ 10.00 , I figured we had a defective battery . Same thing , worked for a week and then the barking started again . Not sure what the problem is , but it seems like the battery only lasts a short time , the dog is not barking when the collar is working so he is not what is causing the battery to run down . Will be returning collar to place of purchase -LRB- not amazon -RRB- and will buy a different brand , such as Innotek . E-mailed Petsafe without any response .
 I bought this collar for my small dog , she 's only 6 lbs , the collar is so unflexible because its all plastic the anti bark prongs end up on the back of her neck everytime she shakes her head . I cant make it any tighter or she would for sure stop barking , as well as breathing ... so I 'm out 70 bucks and I still have a non stop barking dog .
 I purchased this collar nearly a year ago to deal with a barking problem with my pomerianian . The collar was completely ineffective even after following all of the recommended suggestions in the product documentation including checking the fit , and shaving the hair on the dogs neck . After talking with Pet Safe 's customer support , they agreed to send me a replacement collar -LRB- assuming that the first one was defective -RRB- . The second one arrived and it does n't work any better than the first one.This collar has a flashing green light that is supposed to turn red when the dog is barking and it gives correction . I have been able to observe my dog while he is actively barking and the collar is not giving any correction . I have tested it -LRB- as suggested by Pet Safe -RRB- by rubbing the vibration sensor on a hard surface while simultaneously blowing into the sound sensor and the red light does flash , but it simply does not work on my dog . There are no user adjustable setting or sensitivity adjustments , so I am completely out of luck . I am totally at my wits end and I would give this item 0 stars if that were possible . Pet Safe should be ashamed for foisting this type of inferior product on the unsuspecting public . I would strongly suggest that you save your money and look elsewhere .
 I found that this collar does work BUT what I do n't like about it and wish I would have read reviews on it first is that the battery lasts all but 1 week . Upon contacting the company they say this is because it is for short term use which is not an acceptable reason for me since training is life long . Dogs are smart once the collar is off they will start the behavior up again especially since the battery life is so short . On the net you can find the batteries for 10.00 at the store you pay 12.99 for a battery if you can get away with it monthly that is 120.00 est a year on batteries that is the cost of the collar . The bigger dog collars have chargers for both the collar and the remote operator and that is what I would look for if you were looking to purchase an e-collar is that both collar and remote are chargable OR that the battery in the collar lasts more then 1-2 weeks when used throughout the day . It is a waste to get this collar not because it does n't work but because of the battery consistantly having to be replaced .
 I purchased 3 of these collars -LRB- Pet Safe 10782 -RRB- and they are totally ineffective on 3 little dogs . First and foremost they shift and turn on the little dogs and settle somewhere on the side of their necks . Therefore the collar does not sit properly for it to work . In their item description Pet Safe says `` With a unique duel-detection system that uses both vibration and sound sensors , as well as computer-controlled microprocessor technology ... '' They do n't say that the collar will not fit little dogs correctly , will not stay in place correctly , and therefore will not work on little dogs . It must sit hanging straight down so that all three prongs , -LRB- especially the middle one -RRB- make contact with the dog 's throat . I have spoken to Pet Safe and they are aware of this problem . Considering I can not get these units to actually sit properly and no shock is emitted it also amazed me that the batteries in all of the units went dead over a 2 week period of trying all the fixes that Pet Safe recommended . I would not recommend this product .
 The one piece , hard plastic collar , for small dogs , is the worse possible idea for a bark collar . It easily rotates around the dog 's neck , wo n't stay in place , and does not make proper contact in order for it to work . Even when I tightened the collar to where it nearly choked him , my dog barked all he wanted.Petsafe has other bark collars that work just fine on small dogs , for the same price or less . Just be sure it has a flexible , fabric collar .
 I really dislike this collar . I bought it for my very barky little dachshund . I have watched this thing a million times and it never consistently goes off when he barks . But the real problem and reason here is probably b/c it wo n't stay in place . The plastic buckle on the side is so heavy that it swings down and the shocker ends up o the side of his neck . I removed the metal part of the buckle and rigged it close . NO luck . I weighted it with all kinds of stuff on the front . NO luck . I have tried everything . Worst $ spent . I would highly recommend a different collar !
 The collar worked well the first couple days then virtually stopped working . I trim the fur around the dog 's neck and tightened the collar , but it seems to rarely deliver any correction . It also slips to the side frequently
 I have had this unit approx . 3 years now . I do not feel this unit is made to effectively influence the dog 's barking over time . The unit works intermittently and sometimes not at all . Due to the unit 's thick collar , it does not hang on the dog 's throat as expected . I ended up taping pennies to the collar to get it balanced.This collar only has a shocking feature to impact the dog 's barking . There is an LED which flashes green to show the unit is on , flashes red when the unit is shocking the dog or red when the unit is low on battery power . The battery is REALLY pricey although it does last for quite some time . I have found a trick to replacing the battery with two batteries at a fraction of the price but here is not the location to go into the details . The unit is easy to turn on and off with a coin or finger pressing really hard.The form factor is great but I just with it worked more effectively . I have a mini-beagle and there is no rhyme or reason to why and when this things corrects her barking . I am not terribly pleased with this device and wish it worked more effectively.UPDATE
 This collar was designed for little dogs . It is made from a very stiff material -LRB- vinyl -RRB- that will not form to the dogs neck . The buckle is heavier than the electronmics so the collar is always rotated out of position and will not work correctly . After some extensive modifications and removeing the heavy buckle I did get it on the dog . Unfortunately the dog is too stupid to figure out to stop barking . The collar shocked the dogs voice box into a non functioning state but the dog is still to stupid to shut up .
 My wife and I bought this small dog bark control collar for our 2 year old chihuahua . We have been consistently using it for over a month and the barking behavior has not changed . We feel that the collar was not designed properly to sit at the dog 's throat -LRB- where the vibrations come from -RRB- . The collar is set as tight as possible so that we can still fit a finger between the sensor and the dog 's neck . However , whenever the dog walks , runs or shakes its head the sensor moves to the side of the neck becoming useless . Which means , we have to constantly be moving it back into position . We noticed she felt correcting shocks the first few days of use when it was positoned properly but now she barks as if its nothing . Either the dog is -LRB- 1 -RRB- too smart and knows how to manuever the collar , -LRB- 2 -RRB- she has built up tolerance to the correction or -LRB- 3 -RRB- she does n't feel the correction due to the design of the collar not being suited for very small dogs with short fur ? We think it 's the latter . By the way , I know firsthand the collar emits a shock when I tested it on my neck : - -RRB-
 my dog barks excessively when im not around he is a bichon and 6pounds , we tried trainers and practically everything !! nothing worked ! so i read into bark collars , since he is small i decided to get this one . being so happy when it came in and soooo disappointed once i used it this thing sucks ! its worthless !! my dog barks LOUD when its on or off no difference at all !!
 This is garbage . Easily messed in by mouse , hard to clean and just a pain .
 Not for tubular habitrail cages . I tried using it with my hamsters but it does n't have a good size to fit the cage well and the pet use it to sleep , a waste of money .
 `` I BOUGHT TWO OFF THESE BOTH OF THEM CAME ON TIME ... . REAL FAST SHIPPING BUT BOTH WHERE BROKE BOTH WOULD NOT CONNECT TO THE STAND ... . I WANT MY MONEY REFUNDED THE BAD THING IS I PROOLY WONT GET IT CUZ I GOT MADD AND BROKE THEM EVAN MORE ... $ 40 DOWN THE DRAIN ... POOR POOR ITEM HERE
 I purchased this item for my 8 year old sister . Supposed to be a Christmas gift but it kept saying `` not yet shipped '' then the next thing i knew it wont even on my `` bought items list . '' So I have never received this item . I know I purchased this because it took it off my debit card ... BAD ITEM , BAD SELLER , DO NOT BUY . unless you want to lose your money !
 They did n't last three days , walking less than an hour each time . The bottom `` Sturdy , protective polyvinyl nonskid soles '' are plastic and breakdown when the temps are freezing or below . Without walking on any pavement/concrete , our Lab tore through the first boot on day one , another on day two , and shredded a third boot within five minutes of playing fetch on snow .
 My dog refused to wear the boots . She repeatedly kicked them off . They did not stay on . Dogs really wear them ?
 They did n't last three days , walking less than an hour each time . The bottom `` Sturdy , protective polyvinyl nonskid soles '' are plastic and breakdown when the temps are freezing or below . Without walking on any pavement/concrete , our Lab tore through the first boot on day one , another on day two , and shredded a third boot within five minutes of playing fetch on snow .
 My dog refused to wear the boots . She repeatedly kicked them off . They did not stay on . Dogs really wear them ?
 Maybe it was my own fault for ordering this -- but my 28lb beagle destroyed this toy in about 35 seconds . Itsy bitsy , about the size of the squeaker inside of it . Seemed more like a cat toy to me .
 My dog loves squeeky toys . When I saw that Kong made a squeeky product , I decided to give it a try . This is a small dachshund , mind you , not a huge dog , or even medium . Within three minutes -LRB- we timed her -RRB- she had broken the squeeky inside . I replaced it and again , and this time she was able to get into the plushie and destroy the squeeky . Now , she has a husk of a toy . If your dog is a hard chewer , this is not the toy for it . I just wish the description would have stated this .
 I know they listed that it was small , but this is ridiculously small.It 's more like a small toy for cats . They really should put somethingnext to it to show the true size .
 TINY , looks like a hamster with a beaver tail . My dog seems to like it but definitely not worth $ 5 . . more like $ .50
 Purchased this toy for my small dog . Within 5 min . he had managed to destroy the squeaker . Thinking this might have been a defective squeaker , I replaced it with the extra one that came with the toy . He destroyed that one also in less than 5 min . The squeakers must be very cheaply made . Very disappointing purchase ! Will not purchase another KONG toy with squeaker . Do n't waste your money on this toy .
 I purchased this toy because I was so pleased with the medium frog and medium bear in the same line . This product is 6 '' long from nose to tail -LRB- not 7 '' -RRB- , contains 1 replacement squeaker -LRB- not 4 -RRB- , and does not have the inner fleece pouch listed in the description . The medium sized toys had the inner fleece pouch , which is wonderful . My next step is to try and return this item . I highly recommend the medium sized frog and bear , but do not like the small size at all .
 I bought the Kong stuffed lamb a week ago for my dog after reading positive reviews and claims that it was durable and worth buying . I gave it to my 17 lb corgi-jack Russell mix who had it destroyed within 30 minutes . She pulled the squeaker out of the `` secure '' pouch and it had to be taken away from her . There is no point to the extra squeaker since the toy is destroyed . The toy may have `` less stuffing '' than most but still enough to be pulled all over the room . She tore the limbs and ears off easily . I know my little dog is rough on toys , but this one was no better than the cheap toys at the grocery store . I do not recommend this toy if you have a dog that chews and pulls . I am sadly giving up on soft toys since I have not yet found one to survive a single full day .
 1 . This item is the size of a field mouse2 . My Beagle had it ripped apart in less then 5 minutes .
 I would not have been so upset if this had not been listed as a toy for aggressive chewers . We buy a lot of dog toys and this was the worse .
 This was fun for the pooch while it lasted ... maybe 10 minutes . The squeeker only made it 5 . But , my dog sure thought it was fun !
 I bought this for my baby lab puppy and mercy , he only used it the first week we brought him home . It is super small and he quickly fished out the squeaky on the inside . I ended up giving this to a friend with a cairn terrier puppy - probably a much better fit ! This is smaller than the palm of my hand !!!
 I got this thinking small was small , but I had no idea this would be TINY . I have seen mice -LRB- live -RRB- larger than this thing . I 'm afraid to let my dog play with it , afraid she 'll get it stuck in her throat.When they say small , they mean miniature , microscopic , it 's about 1 1/2 inches long ... maybe 2 , and is just waiting to be swallowed.I 'm sorry , but unless you have a dog the size of a guinea pig , do n't waste your time .
 VERY small item . Much smaller than other &#34; small &#34; sized Kong products I have purchased . My dogs are 12 and 14 pounds and I consider it a choking hazard . Save your money .
 Way too small for any dog that is bigger than the average cat . I gave it away to someone else since it was n't worth shipping back .
 Would have been a perfect toy in the largest size . Would not recommend the small one for any dog except perhaps a toy-breed baby . It 's just too small for safe play .
 The info dose not capture how small it is . Purchased for a golded retriever and he will proabably swallow it !!!!!
 i ordered 4 of these for about to be new born puppies and 2 out of the 4 had broken squeakers . . i understand they 're cheap which is fine but should n't sell broken items
 This toy is seriously the size of a field mouse like a previous poster said . Not worth 1.00 ... Very disappointed . I should have assumed the price was too good . We will see what my dogs do with it at Christmas .
 I think the toy is fine , just a warning to read the dimensions . The small size is appropriate for a cat .
 I bought this for my Cairn terrier for a stocking stuffer for christmas , it just showed up and I am shocked at its size . This toy is smaller then cat toys I have purchased ! I am almost afraid to give it to her in fear or her swallowing it because it is that small . I would have expected this from the extra small size but not the small , but thats what I get for not reading the detail product dimensions . All in all , this toy is worth maybe $ 0.25 at best ! It states that this is for dogs between 10-25 pounds , I would say it is for 10lbs and under and even that is pushing it .
 The description says its 7 '' from end to end , well not by my tape measure , if I really pull on it I can get it to 6 '' . This looks like a beaver not a squirrel and it more of a cat toy . My 11 week old puppy has played with it a bit , but likes his bigger , longer toys . The price of this should be $ 1.00 not $ 4.50 . It reminds me of a brown tiny mouse , UGH !!
 It was so tiny and it does not look like the photo . It is about the size of a small mouse.Don ' t buy it if you are looking for something for even a medium size dog . It is more like a cat toy .
 Okaye , this toy arrived in a little padded envelope . It was tiny . It does not look like the photo . It is about the size of a mouse , only it 's empty except for the squeaker . I put both squeakers in to make it fill out and squeak more easily ... . it 's tiny ! It is good for a small dog puppy , not a larger breed puppy , unless it wants to play with something the size of a mouse . My dog gets very excited about toys but this was quickly abandonned after a little over 5 minutes . She 's 13 lbs . I 'm not crazy about the velcro and how you can take the squeakers out , that 's something I believe some dogs can easily figure out .
 My 22 pound dog had the stuffing out of the head after an hour of play . Not for chewers as advertised .
 I have an English Cocker Spaniel that just loves to chew . She especially loves stuffed toys , BUT she has become an expert at destruction . I thought this toy would last at least a day or two . She got the leg off in about 30min and is working away on pulling the velcro off . All in all if you have a super chewer , forget this toy . More money down the drain ! Back to the NylaBone ... which she really does n't like , but will sometimes gnaw on if nothing else is available .
 My 35 lb . springer spaniel mix is a brutally aggressive chewer . She slaughtered this lamb in ten minutes or so . I bought this toy based on the strong reviews as a last attempt to see if a soft toy could stand up to my dog . This toy faired no better than any other stuffed toys I have purchased .
 My dog really liked this toy . However within 24 hours it had a hole in it and the tongue ripped off . My dog is fairly small and was more interested in playing catch than chewing it . I had high hopes since it comes with a replacement squeaker , I thought it would last a while . Other stuffed toys have lasted a lot longer .
 `` WIll not last '' . This has not lasted more than an hour with our dog . Too flimsy . Surprised as a similar product I had brought earlier -LRB- Kong Dr. Noys Material Dog Toy , Squirrel -RRB- lasted a while .
 If I would give this to a dog it would have to be a Tea Cup dog ... even then I 'd be very cautious !
 My Australian Shepherd chewed out the squeaker pouch less than two hours after getting this toy . The belly of the dog now has a large hole . I was expecting something much more durable for the price and after reading the other reviews . I would n't recommend buying this if you have a large dog .
 It lasted about five minutes . I 'd say it was a complete waste of money . Oh well , such is life . Peace .
 In the piicture the item looked a lot larger than the item that was delivered . The toy was only 2 1/2 inches long , hardly worth it .
 They did n't last three days , walking less than an hour each time . The bottom `` Sturdy , protective polyvinyl nonskid soles '' are plastic and breakdown when the temps are freezing or below . Without walking on any pavement/concrete , our Lab tore through the first boot on day one , another on day two , and shredded a third boot within five minutes of playing fetch on snow .
 My dog refused to wear the boots . She repeatedly kicked them off . They did not stay on . Dogs really wear them ?
 Purchased through Amazon ... cute toy but did n't last a day . My small dogs are n't destructive of their toys but these had holes and were unstitched in less than an hour .
 The toy is small , and the squeak died almost immediately . I bought it because I liked the idea of replacing the squeek . BUT , replacing the squeak was VERY difficult . All in all , I am very disappointed in it and would n't recommend it or the other toys like this to others . I bought a couple of these Kong toys with the same result . The dog likes them , but no more than any other squeak toy .
 Im disappointed in this toy . I bought the smaller duck version of this kong plush toy and my dog loved the duck . This toy is stuffed and I though it was supposed to be plush and not stuffed . My dog tore this apart in one sitting and I 'm not happy about it . Why is n't this built the same as the duck !?!? I have found kong toys hit or miss and it 's too bad the do n't stand up like they claim.Ps I got a small Boston
 So I got this toy because it is a Kong brand product - strong , tough , or not . My Corgi destroyed and I mean DESTROYED this toy two minute are I gave it to him . I did n't even get to throw away the packaging before there was stuffing strewn about my living room.Very Disappointing .
 Well , I 've learned my lesson on KONG small dog squeaker toys . In the last month , I 've purchased two . One quit squeaking on the same day I gave it to the dog , the next day I found stuffing coming out of it . The Kong sitting frog squeaker lasted about 10 min . and the green &#34; hair &#34; is thin and pulls out easily . Waasteeeed $ ...
 My dog ripped out the squeaker and destroyed it within 15 minutes . This is no higher quality than any other toy out there ... it just has less stuffing to be ripped out . It it also TINY ! My dog is 14 pounds and the toy is too small for him . It is definitely not meant for a 25 pound dog , like the ad states .
 My dog -LRB- a lab mix -RRB- destroyed this in 5 minutes . He did seem to enjoy every minute of ripping out the stuffing though . In general it was a waste of money .
 I bought this toy for my 6 month old Austrailian Shepard . She took out the squeaker and all the stuffing in less than an hour . The frog body is still in tact , so the stitching appears strong ; however , in the head -LRB- where the sqeaker is -RRB- the fabric is much to weak .
 I ordered this product and the Yellow ones they sell for my mini dachshunds . These are VERY , VERY tiny . NOT AS DESCRIBED . More suited for a very small young puppy . I have contacted the seller by email THREE times with no response . Do yourself a favor order from someone else . These folks do n't gave a damn . A sale seems to be a sale and they do not care about the customer being happy . No customer service .
 We hoped these guys would provide more than a few minutes of joy for our dog . He 's not a toy destroyer , but within 10 minutes , little froggy had his squeaker pouch removed , and much else besides .
 I bought this because several reviewers said it was quite durable . Well , within one hour of my 30-lb beagle mix getting a hold of this frog , it was missing both eyes , the yellow Mohawk thing , and one arm . And she was pulling the stuffing out from the `` arm socket '' and I had to ditch it for fear of choking my dog!Even my $ 1 special dog toy from Target lasted a whole month longer than this !
