 Seriously , I have 2 gerbils and they 've eaten the house and half the ramps up . They have plenty of chew sticks and they prefer the plastic . The product is great , but does not stand up for gerbils and their chewing . I recommend looking into almost the same thing but metal that they can not chew up . Not to mention , my gerbils tend to crap on the platforms . The wire ones have holes so that it will fall into the bedding and not smell so much . I 'm ordering that one today .
 My 7-year-old daughter bought this with her Christmas money for her pet mice . About 2 weeks ago , the smaller of the two escaped through a gap in the bars . We were never able to find her . I did n't remove the cage topper because I thought the other mouse , who is a full-grown adult , was not able to get through the bars . Apparently , I was wrong . Yesterday my daughter discovered the other mouse was not in the cage . We set out food , which was taken overnight , but have n't seen the mouse yet . So my daughter now has a tank topper for an empty tank . And if we find the mouse , she will not be using the tank topper anymore.I gave it 2 stars because when the mice stayed in it , it was really cute . The food goes in the upper level , and the mice learned quickly to run up the ramp . However , they then pee and poop on the platforms , which stinks to no end . So every time I cleaned the cage I had to hose off the whole topper .
 I 've been through two hamsters in about 3 months . One 's death that I am 100 % sure is do to this cage . Both hamsters seemed to like to dive from the top shelves into the bottom of the cage , or would slip while attempting the monkey bar position across the top . -LRB- Shortly after I discovered that hampsters are prone to blood clots from falls -RRB- I do not suggest this item for anyone with small hamsters , or over active hamsters that like to be a little too adventure driven . Since the death of the second hamster , I have replaced the cage and am having no problems with hamster number 3 .
 I 'm sure this tank topper would be great for larger pets - rats , etc. . . but it is not good for tiny ones ! My pet mouse got out the same day I put this stupid thing on top of my tank . I 'm really angry this is advertised for mice when they apparantly can just slip through the bars ! Do not buy this for mice ... my mouse is still missing after two days and I wish I 'd never bought this stupid thing : -LRB-
 We were so happy to provide more space to our two dwarf hamsters with this cute and practical cage . It seemed both secure and fun , and it made us laugh to see our `` girls '' run up and down the ramps.Imagine our surprise when , after about a week of having installed the tank topper , my daughter found one of our hamsters running around her bedroom ! The tank and topper were both intact -LRB- topper properly seated and secured on the tank , door closed and latched -RRB- and one hamster was still inside.This cage is definitely not suitable for dwarf hamsters , and I would award zero stars if I could -- I now have a useless cage that I can not return . Do not purchase this item for dwarf hamsters unless you like chasing them around your house . We were extremely lucky and had a happy ending , with a found and unharmed hamster , but it made for a very stressful evening . Consider this cage only for larger hamsters and gerbils .
 My kid put this on her tank , and within a day our cat got the gerbil 's tail through the bars . Cost me $ 200 to have the gerbil 's tail properly amputated due to the injury . They call it `` degloving '' where the skin comes off like a glove . Also , turns out the bars are too far apart
 this product i bought because everyone reviewing it said they used it for their rats . IT IS NOT EVEN FOR RATS . it is tiny and says right on the box that it is for mice , gerbils and hamsters . i dont understand from the pictures people had their rats in it but when i got it it was way smaller i think they sent the wrong one ???? anyway by the time i realized nhow small it was i had destroyed the packaging . =-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- VERY UNHAPPYYYYYYY
 My daughter 's dog was poisoned so we decided to get her some chinese hamsters . Everything was great for about a month than one day she went in to hold one of them -LRB- we had 2 -RRB- & they escaped ! I dont know how but they were gone ! So on top of her dog passing away her hamsters escaped . Not a Happy girl at all . Also it looks like a good fun set up but before the escapees got out , there would be alot of do-do & seeds that would fall out when they would sit on the shelves .
 Do not buy this if you have small hamsters ! I have a dwarf hamster and the poor thing slid all the way down the `` safety '' ramps and he is now completely traumatized ! The other parts of it are built fine but the ramps are a joke !
 I bought this prior to buying dwarf hamsters - we thought we would be getting a Syrian . However , we ended up with the dwarf hamsters and this did NOT work for them AT ALL . They did n't escape , as others stated , but they would NOT use the ramps at all . So we had a very cute tank topper that just sat there . It might work better with larger hamsters , but I will never know . Thanks to Amazon though , I am able to return it for a refund . If you want something for dwarf hamsters I would go with the critter type trails or something like that - we just bought a set that works with a mesh tank topper and the second we had it assembled the hamsters were crawling in and out , up and down . So while I only gave this one star , it is b/c of the fact that it does not work for the smaller type of hamster - it may be wonderful for larger ones , but we 'll never know . Just a warning to those wanting something for small hamsters or mice .
 The materials in the cage are made of plastic , which , any small pet owner with experience would know that if it 's intended to house gerbils , rats , even mice -LRB- read the reviews , people !!! -RRB- it is USELESS and even HARMFUL if the pets ingest it ! Go back and remake those things with METAL !!! It 's like the people who create cages do not know the first thing about the future potential inhabitants !
 We just bought this hutch , and it is really cheap . Several of the boards are split , and some of the pieces do n't fit together properly . It was also missing some hardware . It would be well worth it to pay a little extra and get a good quality hutch . The only positive is that once put together , it does make a hutch that will hold rabbits , but that 's about it .
 The rabbit hutch took longer then it should have to arrive . The quality of the product was not worth the amount of money spent on it . I have already put my rabbit in a different hutch after a month 's use . Very disappointed .
 The glue is n't holding - the hutch is falling apart after less than a week of use . Very disappointed with the quality of this product .
 If your looking for a collar for your little dog and it does n't ever do anything but sit inside and not move alot , then this is the collar for you . Otherwise , it does n't hold up . Feels like T-Shirt material
 This is a wonderful idea - a small chewable box with holes that your rabbit can grab with his teeth - the problem is what 's inside . Rabbits should not eat these kinds of trashy treats - they do not need seeds , nuts or honey.I took the trash out and filled the box with his normal pellet feed , and let him shake and toss the box to get the pellets to fall out . Poor toy transformed into wonderful toy . You can save yourself the money and just punch holes in a small box and fill it with HEALTHY stuff .
 This lasted two months of 30 degree temps . Came out one morning and the whole waterer was frozen solid ! For $ 50 it should last longer than a couple months . Very disappointed .
 It 's above 40 degrees outside , so the heater base should n't even be on , but the hen 's water was so hot it was steaming . It was n't just the water in the lower lip that they drink from , but when I opened the water container , all of the water was approx the temp of a hot bath . I do n't know if the hens have been drinking it , but it would be uncomfortably hot for a human . I will attempt to return the heater and hope that a replacement will not do this , but if you go for this unit , check the water often to make sure that it 's shutting off when it 's supposed to .
 This worked very well for us for about 4 months , then it just stopped heating . We made it just to the end of our winter months , but I certainly expected to use this for more than one season . Disappointing . I 'm back on Amazon today , looking for a replacement .
 I was not a fan of this skimmer . Buyer beware - it does not have a motor in it ! It draws water through a bubble siphon . I will say it does work and has been skimming fairly decently for a few months now , but it is slowly starting to fall apart . I ca n't keep the pegs mounted in the suction cups anymore and the collection cup no longer goes on straight . I have since ordered a different , slightly more expensive skimmer to replace it .
 This was a total waste of money , it broke as soon as I put it into the tank . Would recommend anyone to buy this item !
 I bought this because it had all 5 star rating -LRB- all three -RRB- . I do not know who these people were but for $ 33 I got a plastic toy with no motor . This does not include a motor . Its just a platic tube with a cup on top with an air tube . That 's it . No instuctions either . It does n't have anything to adjust the air or bubbles . And one of the reviewers wrote that this is better than a Coralife . No way . I paid the Shipping fee to return this useless and over priced toy . If you bought this and really liked it please tell me what kind of pump you attached it to and how much the pump cost .
 this thing sucked ! I messed with it for a whole week and nothing happened it wasnt even sucking up the water correctly . It ended up falling apart so I threw it out . DONT WASTE YOUR TIME
 I am disappointed with this feeder . They say it holds three pounds of seed , but I really doubt this . Filling the feeder is very difficult - the openings under the roof are too narrow - a funnel does n't work and seed spills everywhere just trying to get it into the feeder . The wood is nice , but I would definitely not buy this again and would return it if it was n't such a hassle .
 My cat , Callie did n't like it . Like most cats , she ; s picky . But I 'll keep trying her on cat food vaAmazon .
 Very disapointing , To be honest , this is junk . I wouldnt waste any money on this item . It is poorly manufactured , It dose not come with any instructions to speak of , and it falls apart after about 45 seconds of use . I spent a few days trying to get it to work , and my efforts were fruitless . Also be warned that this is a hang IN tank unit , it does not sit on the tank very well , the bottom keeps falling off and the resivor is tiny . If you do manage to get it to work you will need to empty the cup about ever 8 to 10 hours , and try not spilling any of the stuff back into the tank in the process .
 This was junk and was missing the pieces . I was to busy with work to send it back . This was the most dissapointed I have ever been with an amazon product . dont waste your money or time
 I needed a bucket for melting down used wheel weights and other lead for bullet casting . I had a stainless steel bucket that I used several years ago but left it behind when I moved . It worked very well and was safe with a hundred pounds or so of molten lead in it.I saw this one advertised on Amazon so I ordered it . It was shipped promptly and I received it ahead of schedule even though it was shipped during the Christmas rush . It is also nice and shiny . That covers the positives.The picture shows a bucket that is fairly wide and not too tall , which is what I wanted . The one I received is a completely different bucket . It is tall and skinny . This was a disappointment but not a complete deal breaker.The picture also shows a bucket with a very stout and secure bail arrangement . This is desirable for a bucket used for molten lead alloys , for obvious reasons . The one I received is completely different than the one pictured . It is a very flimsy paint can type . I realize it was not designed or advertised as a lead smelting pot but it is deceptive to show pictures of a much heavier and differently shaped bucket in your advertising than you actually send to the customer.If someone is looking for a water bucket for their pet this will probably work fine . But it is much too thin and lightly constructed for anything else . Even as a water bucket it will have to be handled gently because it will be easy to dent and bend . And be aware that it is n't like the pictured bucket , being taller and smaller diameter.Edit
 The general quality is average . I wanted to use on them to restrain a dog inside the house . This wants to attack one of our other dogs . Without going into detail , a sturdy lead is a must . I can only speculate about the sturdiness but I was not impressed . My larger concern was with the sewing.The lead is very inexpensive and probably worth the money for small dogs . I already own two leads by -LSB- ... -RSB- and decided to simply buy two more from them.If you have large dogs and strength is an issue , I would consider the `` fordogtrainers '' approach .
 The clasp on this leash does not work . It is difficult to open , and once you have managed to open it , it often times wo n't close .
 This lead is not only very thin and lightweight material , but the width of only one half inch makes it difficult to manage in my hand . If you 're working with a tiny dog - maybe it would be preferred , but I work with larger dogs and it 's just too lightweight for my use .
 This training lead did not last a month . I use this for one of my dogs , in training to stay in the yard , and not chase critters . The lead was never left outdoors , and only used a couple times a day . It did get used in the rain , however . One day , I noticed that lead was divided in two . . It had separated , and it seems the material just could not stand getting wet . I found this , and then attached the pieces together ... However , two weeks later , the lead broke in another place ... I tried to fix it , and it broke again . This was all while the dog was in the yard , being supervised . He did not chew it ... It might have gotten tangled in a twig , but that is about all . I still have a another lead that I bought . . Paid a bit more for it , and it is still intact after 6 months .
 I bought these for our dogs because the package says they are natural and healthful . The package does NOT mention that they can kill dogs by causing intestinal blockage , vomiting , and horrible diarrhea . Maybe if you supervise your dog while it eats a Nubz and make sure that your dog chews it THOROUGHLY , you might not have a problem . I bought these treats two days ago and ALL FOUR OF OUR DOGS ARE VOMITING AND/OR HAVE TERRIBLE DIARRHEA ! If you buy this product , you should monitor your dogs closely . We have taken one of our dogs to the 24-hour Emergency Clinic and the others are on a bland diet to help their symptoms .
 The battery does n't last long at all ! I ca n't tell if it was almost expired or something ...
 I thought I needed the batteries right away to make the spray collar work ... YOU DO N'T . The collar comes with batteries . So , just wait and see if the collar is a good fit your dog and then get them when the batteries wear out .
 Each battery lasted less than a month . Quite inconvenient -LRB- and expensive -RRB- if you have to keep buying these every other month .
 I tried this one because it was much less expensive than other options . Problem is it does n't function -- no spray .
 I bought these for our dogs because the package says they are natural and healthful . The package does NOT mention that they can kill dogs by causing intestinal blockage , vomiting , and horrible diarrhea . Maybe if you supervise your dog while it eats a Nubz and make sure that your dog chews it THOROUGHLY , you might not have a problem . I bought these treats two days ago and ALL FOUR OF OUR DOGS ARE VOMITING AND/OR HAVE TERRIBLE DIARRHEA ! If you buy this product , you should monitor your dogs closely . We have taken one of our dogs to the 24-hour Emergency Clinic and the others are on a bland diet to help their symptoms .
 I bought 2 boxes of these treats and tried my dogs , the neighbors dogs , and my daughters dogs . None of the dogs would eat them.Our 2 cats also turned their noses up at them !
 I need some soft treats for reinforcement ... this is definitely NOT it ... it is hard like rock candy , and my dogs turn their nose up at this product ... will not eat it ...
 So thought that I read the reviews , and bought a box -LRB- small size -RRB- and chicken treats.Small size dogs can not eat ... they 're hard . No smell without a taste.Have two small dogs can not left the floor .
 If i was a fish living in this thing i would comit suicide . I found a ten gallon for only ten dollars at goodwill . Also i found a 29.00 $ 10 gal it came with a filter fish food and a ph. Testing kit at walmart . Dont buy this unless you are going to clean youre tank or if youre fish is sick . !
 Too small for a temporary home . Not bad I guess if you wanted to put one in there while your changing your REAL tank . You can get a 5 gal for cheaper at some places . Please be kind !
 The charcoal filter thing did not fit into the tube that was meant to hold it , making it totally useless . Also , it got knocked onto the laminate floor from the top of a small dresser and shattered , which is not what I would expect from a plastic fish bowl.I wo n't be buying a replacement .
 Too small for a temporary home . Not bad I guess if you wanted to put one in there while your changing your REAL tank . You can get a 5 gal for cheaper at some places . Please be kind !
 this tiny little fish tank is only good for holding baby fish for a few weeks ... and that 's only so you have enough time find a seperate tank from the parent/adult fish or in the case of very small fish enough time to grow up enough to keep from being eaten
 No place for the poor bettas to hide ! Sure it 's neat to see them flare but they get tired ! Would n't you if you were mad all the time?Also it 's WAY too small . Bettas need at least a gallon by themselves . If you want three goto a petstore and get a standard 10 gallon tank and get two dividers -LRB- you can even make your own -RRB- and put three bettas in that with a HEATER and FILTER . Your fish well be SO much happier !
 '' The small size is an ideal home for Betta Splendens . `` No , it 's not . At all . Do some research before buying a betta -LRB- or any fish -RRB- and putting it in this death trap . Use it for water changes , maybe , but not as a permanent home !
 This is a horrible home for a Betta . They need at least a 2.5 gal or if you want small a 1.5 if you plan to change the water every day . You need to do research before purchasing any animal . A Betta would die fairly quickly in this home , especially if the water was n't changed at least daily . The ammonia would build up and kill the fish . DO NOT BUY . Good for water changes though if you are cleaning the main tank and need somewhere to put your Betta .
 '' The small size is an ideal home for Betta Splendens . `` No , it 's not . At all . Do some research before buying a betta -LRB- or any fish -RRB- and putting it in this death trap . Use it for water changes , maybe , but not as a permanent home !
 This is a horrible home for a Betta . They need at least a 2.5 gal or if you want small a 1.5 if you plan to change the water every day . You need to do research before purchasing any animal . A Betta would die fairly quickly in this home , especially if the water was n't changed at least daily . The ammonia would build up and kill the fish . DO NOT BUY . Good for water changes though if you are cleaning the main tank and need somewhere to put your Betta .
 usless , sized for a rat?the collar is extremely small , and you can probably put it on a rat only , as it is even too small for the smallest dogs out there .
 WHEN I ORDERED THIS ITEM IT ADVERTISED AS A SIZE 8 WHICH WAS SUPPOSED TO FIT MY DOG . I COULD NOT EVEN GET THE COLLAR ON AT ALL IT WAS A THOUSAND SIZES TOO SMALL YET TOO BIG FOR MY SMALLER DOG . IT IS COMPLETELY USELESS AND UNFORTUNATELY I HAVE WAITED TOO LONG TO RETURN IT .
 I just received this today and am returning the item today.I bought this based on the description that 1 -RRB- it would allow me to put in my 40 pounds of dog food and because I could more easily see into the bin than the dark brown paper bag that sits in my garage . I also bought it because 2 -RRB- I liked the idea of a washable liner.To begin with , this item would fit a 20 pound bag ; there is no way 40 pounds would fit in the bin . As for washable liner ? I thought maybe the material would be something like the material used for a thick windbreaker ; it is not . It is plastic and about the same thickness as the plastic lining of a Hills Science Diet 40 pound bag of dog food . So yes , it is washable in the way you could wash out a thicker Hefty brand garbage bag , but you would not be able to throw that in the washing machine either without it coming out unuseable either .
 This container is durable and fits in the spot we wanted it to . It is located in the bottom of one of our pantries . The problem with this , is that my dog is able to get the top open , despite the zipper closure . I 'm not sure how she does it , but twice now , when the pantry door has been left open , she has managed to also open the dog food container and eat herself sick . Literally . Two trips to the vet and more than $ 300 later , we 're going with something else .
 I 've had this bin for about two years and I would not buy another nor would I recommend it . After I 'd had the bin for less than two months , one of the two zippers stopped working . Since then I 'd been using the remaining zipper without too much problem although it was often necessary to play with it a bit to close the bag . My dog food comes in 35 pound bags and it will not all fit in this container . I also recently discovered that mice had found their way to the bin and had nibbled a sizable hole right through the side of the container . So much for its claim to be `` critter resistant . `` I give it two stars because it did , at least provide a place for me to store my dogfood .
 This product USED to be as good as the name brand Synovi G3 soft chews from DVM products , I tested the 2 side by side . However , when I reordered this Joint MaxTS softchews the manufacturer added SOY oil to the formulation -LRB- on the package label -RRB- but they did NOT update the ingredient list on this website ! My German Shepherd is allergic to proteins in soy and has had diarrhea for months , and I have finally figured out why ! My understanding is that most dogs have soy allergies . Also , many pet food manufacturers are sneaking soy bean oil into foods because it is a cheap , abundant product . So the good reviews here are old news about this product , and this new formulation is bad for dogs - even such a small amount of soy . Be very careful .
 We have a 12 year old Ridgeback with hip displasia . We were on Synovi G3 's for years and our dog was doing great without any mobility problems.We switched to this product -LRB- Joint Max -RRB- via a coupon that came with the Synovi G3 brand and it 's been all downhill from there . We 're only halfway through the 240 count Joint Max , and our dog can barely get up.Your mileage my vary , but for us , the G3 brand was much more effective . We 're switching back to it immediately .
 We foundGlyco-Flex III Soft-Chews for Dogs , 120-CountandDVM Resources SynoviG3 Soft Chews , 240 Chewsto be effective for arthritic dogs , but `` Triple Joint Max '' to be a waste of money . I have to wonder if it actually contains what it claims to contain on the label . I do n't see how there could be such a significant difference in the effect is there is similar amounts of the same ingredients -LRB- compared to the other joint chews mentioned -RRB- . After just one week on the Synovi G3 , there is a visible improvement from what was seen on `` Triple Joint Max '' . If you do find your dog has some relief from this product , please try the others as well . You may , as we did , see a significant improvement in how your dog feels and behaves.I am dedicated to research and cross checking what I think/feel to be the truth . I have never been more sure that a product is not worth it 's price . For 10 % more money , you can receive a lot more relief for your pet . Do n't you owe them that ? In the months that we experiments with the more affordable joint chew , we saw serious degeneration . Because we had a donation of several packages , we tried the `` 1-800-pet meds '' brand joint ches in higher than recommended doses for 4 months -LRB- her decline seemed fairly steady for about 3 months then remained about the same -RRB- . I then tried `` Triple Joint Max '' for about 5 weeks . During that time she did not improve . In just 3 months , the dog we were treating with the `` cheap '' products deteriorated rapidly . It was so bad , she was screaming in pain at night . This dog went from being able to walk 5 miles with no issues , to only being able to walk 1/2 mile slowly . A switch back to the Synovi G3 showed significant improvement in just a week . At this rate , I would expect her to rebuild her muscle and be able to handle 4 mile walks within a month.Even though I know Synovi G3 works , I am open to seeing if there is indeed something that may be better . For this dog , I am going to switch to the Dasuquin chews for a few weeks and see what happens . I will report back.UPDATE
 Like some other reviewers , my neighbor raved about how great these supplements tasted to her dogs who gobbled them up like treats . Unfortunately , one of the dogs got into the sealed container on a countertop and ingested about 75-100 of these ; in spite of excellent vet care , the dog died due to liver failure from the extreme overdose.If you buy this product , keep it in a very secure place where there is no possible way your dog can access them .
 My dog would not eat the max chews in any form , I gave them away hopefully the other dog will eat them .
 At least 3 dogs , that I am aware of , had died after eating large quantities of this product . It is flavored and plastic container is not a match for big dogs . In addition there is no usuall membrane which seals top of a new product trapping smels . Be aware !
 I did n't have a chance to see if this stuff works or not . When the box came in , the dog was attracted by a smell of it . Opened the box , opened the jar and ate all two pounds of it . Unfortunately vets at CARES , Langhorne , did n't take it too seriously the evening I brought him in . By next day the liver was affected too much . In three days my beloved dobermann , who weigh 110 lb and was completely healthy besides an elbow arthritis has died . Beware that overdose of glucosamine can lead to the liver failure . Not too many doctors know that . I think there should be a law suit against the company which packs this stuff .
 I read the reviews for this product before I ordered it , it got great reviews , I am sorry to say that I do n't agree . It is so not worth the money and not holding up well at all . My dog is only 58 pounds , and this bed has not held up well at all . We have had it about two months , and already it is broken down and has a deep crater in it . I keep turning it around and over , but it does n't help . The cover has also worn very quickly . In my opinion , really not worth the money I spent on it .
 I 'm extremely disappointed with this product and am surprised to see as many positive reviews as there are . I 've had this for about three weeks , and already there is a depression in the bed where my dog sleeps that does not return to form over the course of the day when he 's not using it . Clearly , this is poor quality foam being sold with a cheap cover for an exorbitant price . This may be fine for a smaller dog that weighs 20-30 pounds , but for a larger dog , Lab , etc. , look elsewhere ... or just go to Walmart where you can buy your own cheap foam for a lot less money and just plan on replacing it once in awhile.Update 1/12/12 - As I look at this $ 100 + bed with the huge `` hole '' in the foam where my dog lays ... I 'm reminded how bad this bed really was . And it 's been like this since about a month after I ordered it . Stay away from this one for sure ...
 I bought these goldfish pellets hoping to make the water in the tank less cloudy . The goldfish do n't go ape crazy over it like they do with the flakes . It 's usually a feeding frenzy . With the pellets , they just mill around until one sinks in front of their face.The smallest goldfish ca n't seem to eat it . I 'm going to have to go buy flakes tomorrow , because the poor fish looks like it ca n't even swallow it . It eats it , spits it out , eats it , spits it out.The one thing the pellets do as promised is float . We have one of those waterfall filters , which pushes the pellets down . They sink a little and then float back up , and they stay floating for quite a while . They do n't dissolve very quickly . I guess the water is a little more clear than usual , but that wo n't matter if the fish die of starvation .
 Only about 1/3 floats when you put it in . The rest of it sinks to the bottom before the fish can even get to it . The fish seem to hate it too .
 This stuff works pretty well , but I hate hate hate the smell ! it smells awful when you spray it and on your pet when you touch them .
 I take my dog to work with me everyday . When I throw these bags in my trash can , I might as well just skip the bagging . The smell comes right through the bag and it stinks up my work area . I am talking about 1 bag being in my trash can for 5 minutes , not 5 days . I tried using the plastic bags for babies diapers and they work sooooooooo much better . There is no more smell . My trash gets emptied every night so there is no reason I should smell it . I will never get these bags again !! They are terrible !!!
 I am sooooo bummed ; my carrier just arrived . I have a Trek Road bike and it does n't fit at all . Have any one had this problem and/or is there any suggestions on modifying it to fit ????
 I bought this for my dog who weighs a little over 12 pounds . The support rack for basket is very week & dropped to wheel top during first ride in parking lot . If I had taken it on the road or for more than a few feet my dog could have been seriously injured . The carrier storage design is good but support resulting safety issues are scary !
 This purchase has been a nightmare from the begining ! Ordered from Amazon , who ordered from Revival , who ordered from Solvit . # of shipping days changes after you place you order and you ca n't track package because it 's too hard to find the correct person to get a tracking # . I found my 4 # Yorkie paralized the day my basket arrived and he underwent a 2 hour neck surgery a few days later . We will not be able to use our basket now and I 'm very unhappy to find that I must return the basket to Solvit who has a 12 % restocking fee . I was never given this information on the site that I ordered from . !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FALSE INFORMATION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FALSE ADVERTISEMENT !!!!!!!!!!! I will never order from Amazon again .
 My vet instructed me to get Zinpro from Lincoln Biotech to supplement my dog for Zinc responsive dermatosis . After giving him the ORIGINAL Zinpro from Lincoln Biotech I switched to this NutriVed Zinpro for Dogs because the price was a alittle better and thought I could save myself some money . It is not the same ! NutriVed Zinpro for Dogs is alot cheeper but it must not have the same quality of Zinc as the Zinpro from Lincoln Biotech . His itchys started to come back and the redness reappeared . I learned my lesson . You get what you pay for . I switched back to Zinpro from Lincoln Biotech . I pay more , and my dog is happier .
 My dog will absolutely not eat these tablets ! She is not a picky eater by any means as her physique cleary shows , but I ca n't get her to eat these no matter how I disguise them . I bought regular zinc supplements from walmart and she eats them with no problem .
 I was disappointed in this product especially considering how exceptional the Salmon Oil they make is.This did not pass the 11 rescue dog test ! They just turned up their noses . So did the other dogs here . Very tiny tidbits , as well.Buy an extra bottle of the Grizzly Salmon oil instead .
 These are excellent treats , my dog really likes them , but from this seller specifically , they arrived almost completely pulverized so it was mostly a bag of salmon dust . I used them to supplement the dog food , but they were mostly useless as treats .
 Pain in the paatute to use . Not worth the effort . Hard to assemble , and you have to assemble it every time you change the pad .
 We purchased this pad holder hoping that it would keep our chihuahua from missing his pee pad . While it did make it a little better , pee just ended up on the frame . When this happens , you have to take the thing apart and then clean it . This was a lot more annoying than just cleaning the floor . After using it for about a week , we went right back to just leaving the pad on the floor .
 I just purchased this for my Chihuahua puppy and the fasteners do n't hold very tight leaving enough gap for little claw to dig out the edges of the pee pad and rip it to shreds . Because of the fact that the top needs to be disassembled and reassembled every time makes it a real hassle . I suggest spending the extra money on a better quality product . For this , you 're getting less than what you paid for .
 This thing is in 8 pieces and does not permanantly fasten . You have to take the 4 TOP pieces off EVERY time you change the pad then replace the 4 pieces , like a jigsaw puzzle but not as complicated . It WOULD have worked great at holding the pad but there is no way i would take the whole thing apart and put it back together 4 times a day !
 These pads are the worst on the market I truly believe . The only plus side and reason I ordered them were because of the tape that allows you to stick them to the floor or each other . There is only tape on two sides not four . The pee soaks through the pads and the pads remain wet and do n't dry like other brands . Also they are only good for one maybe two uses and I have a small dog 6lbs . They also do not stop the urine on the edges . They allow urine to run off the edges and onto the floor . I do not recommend this brand whatsoever they are a huge disappointment and a waste of money
 I have two 11-wk-old Shih Tzu puppies and they can tear this apart . This is just like post-it tissue paper and ca n't hold very much . I found a another brand in my local grocery store , it 's more expensive , but it 's worth it .
 For a `` silent '' pump , this is noisier than anything else associated with the aquarium ! I just purchased it from Petco and laughed out loud when I started it up . The air hose is completely kinked up and there is not enough power in the device to get air through to the end of the tubing , no matter how much I stretch and smooth it out . I got it for the battery operated convenience , but this will be going back on my next trip out the door.I do not recommend purchasing this item . It 's terrible .
 6 months of service and it broke . Also noisy . I am not sure I would buy this pump
 The product was very promptly delivered . The problem was that it needed to be shipped back almost as quickly . The product broke after two days of use . The handle piece and spring device broke off . The plastic parts on the side are not glued in and although the circular pieces have what looks like screws , they are merely slid into the holes . While this makes putting it together easy , it means the rods are loose and wobble -LRB- which could cause more wear and tear down the road -RRB- . The biggest problem with this product is the fact that the metal in the side bar where you open and close the gate bends so when you try to tighten the top , the gate ca n't close -LRB- because the plastic piece fits like a lego without fastening -RRB- . So to be able to open and close the gate without adjusting the tightness on the top , you have to leave it loose . That kind of defeats the purpose of having a sturdy gate.The only solution is to only use the gate one way and put the gate BEHIND the door jam . Then hope that your dog is not too big to rattle the gate and have it fall backwards because the jam should prevent him/her from pushing it forward.As I said , customer service was very prompt and I received the replacement very quickly . The only problem was we originally were told they 'd be replacing the piece and did not tell us they 'd be sending UPS with a packing slip to pick the old one up . I think it was fixable at home , but receiving a new product is better so I ca n't complain about that . The new one has the same issue , of course , because it is problem of design/quality rather than a default in a random one.For the price and if you have small enough dogs -LRB- I have a beagle and sit for a Jackabee as well -RRB- , it 's probably worth the the money when it 's on sale . And probably not worth it , when it 's not .
 I have two small dogs that I wanted to prevent from running up and down the stairs and this gate serves the purpose , but it is flimsy flimsy ! I would definitely not trust this thing around children . If you turn the side knobs tight enough to hold it snug against the walls , the gate wo n't open or close . Loosening the side knobs allows the gate to swing free , but there is also enough give that the pressure feet that are against the walls slide and scrape the drywall up . The spring-loaded handle was broken when we received it -LRB- I opened the package too long after I received it to be comfortable returning it -RRB- and the top-notch thingie that 's supposed to sit down in the frame when the gate is closed to help secure the gate ... well , that broke off within a month and we were definitely being gentle with this gate ! Little plastic end pieces that go on either side to hold horizontal bars in place at top and bottom were also broken upon arrival and/or did n't fit snugly in their holes , so do n't really help hold things together . Just a bad design and materials all around . So bummed as I 'd read so many rave reviews about this gate .
 this gate did not come with all pieces and then the handle hangs up i have had crawl over it 2 times now because the bar on the inside just comes apart from handle
 Easy to set up and install so far we have 3 gates for our dogs and both humans and one of our dogs have tripped over the bottom rale - would not recommend to Seniors or people at risk for falls . Never thought I would be in this category
 Please save your money . My trusted local pet store sells these , so I thought it would be a good quality product . Was I ever wrong . I 've had this pump for less than a week . It 's loud , and it has definitely lost power . Hardly any bubbles come out of the air stones in my 55 gallon tank , and the hydro sponge filters I ordered have not even arrived yet . There is no way this thing could power those filters by the time they arrive.The cheap-butt Walmart piece-of-junk pump I bought works better than this , and I 've been using that thing for months , as opposed to less than a week for this Penn-Plax . Do n't make the same mistake I did . The other reviewers and I are not exaggerating . This pump is not worth your money . I 'm thinking even the cheapest pump on the market would be better than this .
 I had one on a 50gal tank . First off it was loud even in a cabinet I could still hear it , then after a few months I wanted to rearrange my tank and when I pulled the hose off the air pump one of the outlets broke off ! What a total wast of money . I 'm ordering a Rena 300 very soon , good ratings and adjustable air flow - also have tune up kits available .
 What a total piece of junk.Did ` nt last four weeks.Was as quiet as a chainsaw while it did work.Don ' t throw your money away on this garbage .
 Due to problems with amazon not accepting my address change this was sent to my previous address . I never recieved the item I paid for and did n't get a response when I contacted the company about redirecting the shipment even though I emailed them the same day I placed the order . Amazon 's customer service was no help either.Since I only bought from this company because it was a really great deal I probably wo n't be trying them again .
 Top part of sprayer was missing , but I did n't notice until after I 'd thrown away the packing ... seems like an odd thing to lose , so it must not have been on the bottle . Am experimenting with other nozzles , this is not pepper spray after all . The bit I 've been able to get out just smells like citronella . Maybe I can use it for mosquitoes.Bottle is larger than a lot of other sprays , rather big to carry around .
 Didnt even think about it-but heres a really important consideration ... this item should come witha clip or quick access ! As it is designed with no clip I have to dig it out of a pocket to use . Then it could be to late , especially since I got it to use when riding my bike . I would not recommend this product for that reason alone .
 Its easy to carry but really did n't work that well . You may want to look at Mace , or Pepper Spray .
 The product was very promptly delivered . The problem was that it needed to be shipped back almost as quickly . The product broke after two days of use . The handle piece and spring device broke off . The plastic parts on the side are not glued in and although the circular pieces have what looks like screws , they are merely slid into the holes . While this makes putting it together easy , it means the rods are loose and wobble -LRB- which could cause more wear and tear down the road -RRB- . The biggest problem with this product is the fact that the metal in the side bar where you open and close the gate bends so when you try to tighten the top , the gate ca n't close -LRB- because the plastic piece fits like a lego without fastening -RRB- . So to be able to open and close the gate without adjusting the tightness on the top , you have to leave it loose . That kind of defeats the purpose of having a sturdy gate.The only solution is to only use the gate one way and put the gate BEHIND the door jam . Then hope that your dog is not too big to rattle the gate and have it fall backwards because the jam should prevent him/her from pushing it forward.As I said , customer service was very prompt and I received the replacement very quickly . The only problem was we originally were told they 'd be replacing the piece and did not tell us they 'd be sending UPS with a packing slip to pick the old one up . I think it was fixable at home , but receiving a new product is better so I ca n't complain about that . The new one has the same issue , of course , because it is problem of design/quality rather than a default in a random one.For the price and if you have small enough dogs -LRB- I have a beagle and sit for a Jackabee as well -RRB- , it 's probably worth the the money when it 's on sale . And probably not worth it , when it 's not .
 I have two small dogs that I wanted to prevent from running up and down the stairs and this gate serves the purpose , but it is flimsy flimsy ! I would definitely not trust this thing around children . If you turn the side knobs tight enough to hold it snug against the walls , the gate wo n't open or close . Loosening the side knobs allows the gate to swing free , but there is also enough give that the pressure feet that are against the walls slide and scrape the drywall up . The spring-loaded handle was broken when we received it -LRB- I opened the package too long after I received it to be comfortable returning it -RRB- and the top-notch thingie that 's supposed to sit down in the frame when the gate is closed to help secure the gate ... well , that broke off within a month and we were definitely being gentle with this gate ! Little plastic end pieces that go on either side to hold horizontal bars in place at top and bottom were also broken upon arrival and/or did n't fit snugly in their holes , so do n't really help hold things together . Just a bad design and materials all around . So bummed as I 'd read so many rave reviews about this gate .
 this gate did not come with all pieces and then the handle hangs up i have had crawl over it 2 times now because the bar on the inside just comes apart from handle
 Easy to set up and install so far we have 3 gates for our dogs and both humans and one of our dogs have tripped over the bottom rale - would not recommend to Seniors or people at risk for falls . Never thought I would be in this category
 This Penn-Plax heater is terribly inconsistent in keeping water temperatures adequate . I 've experienced 10 degree fluxtuations when I simply move my tanks across the room . Right now I have three of these horrible heaters and am in the process of replacing all of them . Very touchy control knob/temperature settings to the point where you can just about sneeze near the thing , and find the temperature go up by 6 or so degrees . I have to constantly monitor water temperature with a digital thermometer to keep my fish from baking or freezing with these so-called `` heaters . '' I guess you get what you pay for , and at under $ 10 , these heaters are a waste of money . Go with a Rena Cal , Hydor Theo , or Visi-Therm Deluxe for peace of mind .
 We have RES turtles , and they LOVE these !!! I want to give 5 stars , I really do . The boys even know the sound this bottle makes when you pick it up and the plankton rattle against the sides . They come zooming across their tanks , frantically jumping up and down , waving their arms , begging like you would n't believe a turtle can!I had to remove 1 star because the plankton lose their color and become virtually invisible after a minute or two . They 're wasted when this happens because the turtles ca n't find them . They end up clogging the filter or stuck on the bottom , creating a slightly fishy smell in the tank until the water is changed . That 's quite a hassle !! Another issue is that the quantity is NOT as advertized . I 'd only fed 1/3 of the plankton to the boys when I reached the powder . I do n't know if the plankton itself is so delicate it disintegrated into powder due to rough handling or if the powdered plankton was included intentionally , but it ca n't be used . All it would do is ruin the tanks if I put it in the water ; the boys ca n't possibly chase down and eat each grain . Since 2/3 of this was garbage , 2 more stars were lost .
 They did n't last three days , walking less than an hour each time . The bottom `` Sturdy , protective polyvinyl nonskid soles '' are plastic and breakdown when the temps are freezing or below . Without walking on any pavement/concrete , our Lab tore through the first boot on day one , another on day two , and shredded a third boot within five minutes of playing fetch on snow .
 My dog refused to wear the boots . She repeatedly kicked them off . They did not stay on . Dogs really wear them ?
 I purchased this `` cage '' , hoping it would be a small , conveneient way for me to transport my hamsters from their regular cage , to the vet , and so on ... this thing is tiny , and is def not suitable for animals such as hamsters , gerbils , rats , or mice . Bugs and hermit crabs would be okay , but thats about it . I do not reccomend this be used as advertised . Other than that , is of acceptable quality .
 When i unpacked the box and got ready to wrap it for christmas , found it was busted up ... the lid was cracked -LRB- cheap thin plastic -RRB- and even the container itself was busted all up .
 I wound up buying this at a store because the seller through Amazon sent it twice without the lid ! The one I got is great . Its nice and snug . I paid about $ 4.50 for it in the store . I found it near the fish rather than the hamster/mice cages . I am using this for a toy , so I dont know how well it works with live animals . I would say that mice and dwarf hamsters and small snakes or lizards would fit nicely in here for a trip somewhere . it would work for insects otherwise . It seems pretty sturdy . The lid is a very snug fit and you need to put the handle down the right way to get it open . That is good since the animal could n't easily knock it open . The handle also feels pretty sturdy as well .
 While this product is suitable for quarantining small animals or transporting them to veterinary care , this is not nor ever could be a permanent housing choice for ANY fish specimen . Given its size it can not be heated safely so tropical fish would not fair well for long.What I have used this product for was to provide temporary safe harbor inside my reef tank for a recently purchased cinnamon clownfish so that my existing clown did n't immediately tear him limb from limb and the two could familiarize themselves without injury.This product is certainly useful in some aspects , but certainly not as it 's advertised -- as a permanent fixture/home for a live animal or fish .
 They did n't last three days , walking less than an hour each time . The bottom `` Sturdy , protective polyvinyl nonskid soles '' are plastic and breakdown when the temps are freezing or below . Without walking on any pavement/concrete , our Lab tore through the first boot on day one , another on day two , and shredded a third boot within five minutes of playing fetch on snow .
 My dog refused to wear the boots . She repeatedly kicked them off . They did not stay on . Dogs really wear them ?
 The item was received cracked with no lid . My niece has to send it back , she has three small children , a spouse , full time employment and attends college . Not the hassle I wanted to give her when I purchased the item for her .
 Kritter Keepers as a whole are great , but this company does n't specify if all its kritter keepers are blue like the one in the photo -LRB- they come in a great variety of colors -RRB- , does n't provide a way to choose the color , and when I tried to call them to ask , I first got a machine asking my first name , then got a machine telling me to leave my phone number.I want a blue kritter keeper , and I 'll buy from someone who lets me pick out one .
 The product was what I thought , but it did n't come with the flip lid for the top . Made me wondering if the description said it did n't come with the lid because the price was so good . Nope , looked it up and the product description states it includes the lid and the `` Packaging Contents '' of the product itself said it comes with a viewable lid . Disappointed because I either need to wait 2 + weeks for a replacement one , or make my own lid which is what I 'm doing .
 I used this on a two year old Maine Coon male with little success . Despite treating according to instructions , his gums remained irritated and red . When treated , he started coughing , much like clearing a furball . This caused us to stop using this product and switch to the CET mix with water . That has worked great .
 Good safe ingredients , dextrose , pork liver , natural flavor , and magnesium stearate . Gluten free , healthy , should make the dog 's breath smell better . No more doggy breath , or stinky puppy kisses ... a dream come true.OK , if Pup Mints are so good ... how come the dog wo n't eat them ? I mean Pup Mints are specifically formulated to appeal to dog tastes . Perhaps our Greyhound Harvey is simply too picky.Then again , would you eat mint flavored pork liver ? -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Shudder -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Naaa , I do n't blame him for not eating them . Run Harvey , Run.What can I do with the other 11 tins ?
 I ordered a two pound package of theses for my dogIt seamed like a good deal . I did n't receive a two pounder instead I paidWay too much for the one pounder I got.RIPPED OFF
 After using this product and other flavors which my Vet at the time recommended , for a year , I noticed our dog 's teeth were getting worse , not better so I did the research and found this product loaded w/sorbitol and Destrose which is SUGAR ! Not one but two kinds . Dextrose is from honey & sweet fruits and sorbitol is a alcohol sugar . Both add big time to tooth decay ! No wonder her teeth were getting unusual worse , let alone the preservatives/chemicals their ingesting . It seems alot of Veternarians have no education on what they are recommending and selling . I found almost all of these toothpastes for animals is full of sugar along w/preservatives and chemicals . Yes , brushing is really good but not w/toothpaste that has sugar in it . Please read your labels and look up the ingredients . You will be amazed . There are natural products here on Amazon that myself and others are using that are really making a difference on tartar on our pets teeth , that do n't have sugar and other junk in them . There 's ones you brush with , spray on their teeth to mix w/their saliva and another that 's a powder you add to their food . There are good choices available .
 i guess this is a personal preference but my cat abhors this paste . she can smell it on my finger or on the toothbrush and she gives me this ` wild ' look . : -LRB- it is hard enough to brush a cat 's teeth but this makes it even harder . From the cat owners reviews for the seafood product , it seems that most cats dont care for this too much while one owner 's cat enjoyed it . oh well . will try another paste flavor or brand once this seafood flavor -LRB- which dont even smell like seafood -RRB- is no more . i can not say how well this works b/c havent been religiously brushing my little cat 's teeth .
 I bought this toothpaste because my cat has gingivitis . Although I do not brush her teeth daily , I was expecting to see some sort of improvement , which has not been evident . This may just be my lack of consistency using the toothpaste . HOWEVER , a clear effect of the toothpaste is that it makes my cat 's breath WORSE for days after brushing -LRB- which is impressive considering she already has a bad case of gingivitis -RRB- . I 've been trying to continue to use the toothpaste despite the breath issue , but it does n't seem to be helping .
 This habitat is unsuitable for hermit crabs in almost every way.Hermit crabs live in colonies ; this habitat is too small for a single crab , let alone several.The top is plastic mesh , which will not allow you to maintain an appropriate level of moisture.Gravel is completely unsuitable for hermit crabs since they love and need to dig.There is nowhere for crabs to hide and no room to provide a hiding place.Hermit crabs need both salt and fresh water , there 's not enough room for multiple bowls.I could go on , but I think you 've gotten the idea . I 'm puzzled that manufacturers still produce this garbage when all of the care books -LRB- including some published by companies guilty of producing this junk -RRB- will tell you this set-up is trash . Save your money , do a little online research and set up a proper habitat .
 the reason so many hermit crabs suffer and die is because of pet stores selling completely unsuitable hermit habitats to novice owners . This set is totally unsuitable for more than a weekend trip-and NEVER use gravel with your hermies-they need clean `` play '' sand or better the calci sand sold here.Moisture is VITAL to a hermie-this is how they breathe ! The mesh top is wrong and hazardous.If this is the only habitat you have currently , at least keep a moistened -LRB- in spring water -RRB- towel over the lid to keep the moisture inside.Save your money-get a 5 or 10 gallon aquarium with a glass lid and light , sand and something for them to climb on and hide in .
 After reading the reviews I ordered this product hoping it would finally do the trick . It was a tiny little tub , like the size of a lip balm ... not exactly ideal for treating a whole dog , unless it 's only a very small patch of mange . The goop did n't really have an odor , but I found that once applied to the dog he got extremely dirty and smelly by that night . -LRB- ??? -RRB- Needless to say , the ointment is gone , the mange is n't . I would NOT recommend this product unless your dog only has a very small patch missing .
 I used it as directed and gave it a fair amount of time to study its effects so to speak . Unfortunately not only it did not work to alleviate the symptoms of sinus infection such as runny nose , sneezing , watery eyes but caused vomiting each time I administered - and again I have to emphasize here , it was administered as directed . I envy all these people for whom this product seems to have worked miracles and I wanted to be one of them . Sadly , my cat did not respond well to it and I have to stop using it . It is hard to see your cat combating runny nose , sneezing . . etc but I am not about to make her even sicker with a product that seems to upset her stomach and induce vomiting .
 I have a cat with feline herpes and thought I would give this a shot since other meds and lysine treats only brought temporary relief . This product did n't seem to do anything for her congested nose and sneezing , so I wo n't be using it again .
 I was disillusioned by the description of the product and therefore did not receive what I expected . The product is described as varying in texture and thickness , and the picture led me to believe that I 'd receive a variety of perches but that the colors I receive will be random . Color is asinine , but I expected an assortment of perches in different lengths and thicknesses . I was not prompted to make a selection for a Small - XL bird perch , and the pictures are the same for all sizes , so I think the seller should tailor product descriptions and pictures to each individual perch . I felt duped when I opened my package and found one extra small perch !
 I ordered this item on 9/26/06 because I was gone over a weekend and somehow my roomates managed to gunk up my tank royally . I went to Petsmart in person and they did n't have these filters that I need . So I ordered these . I ended up not getting them until the middle of November . that 's over a month !!!! I called customer service for Petsmart and the only thing they told me was they would cancel the order and I could go get them from the store . Basic they did absolutly nothing . I would not recommend ordering from Petsmart unless you do n't need what you 're ordering for a couple of months .
 First price was steep for one piece . Second ... A lil false advertising . They show you a multi-piece set and only ship you one . So please think first before you buy !
 Pros : - Hood looks good.-Filter system is very good and gives great surface agitation.-Really like the panel access from the top.-Great cord organization for clean install.Cons : - Plastic used is a little bit flimsy considering you just dropped $ 100 for a plastic box that has a reg filter and T-8 lights.-The lights on this thing are ABSOLUTE JUNK they worked barely a week and they start flickering and it was a chore to keep having to twist and mess with them . I finally gave up and retrofit some LED lights and took out the T-8 fixture.If the light fixture was better then I would have given this four stars . To get five they would have needed to use a lot better plastic OR make this $ 75
 I have owned 4 different Marineland Eclipse 2 filtration hoods over the past 18 years but this is my first purchase from Big Al 's . I used to buy my hoods in an specialty aquarium store and deal directly with Marineland for replacement parts because they have been great and helpful in the past , especially since parts shipped from a neighboring city to my home . I bought this new hood a little over a month ago because my lighting fixture burnt up and it was $ 70 for the replacement vs. $ 100 for a new complete hood . A few days after setting up my new hood , one of the light bulbs burnt out . No big deal , I thought , it happens . But then , a few days ago , the pump stopped working . I contacted Big Al 's through Amazon asking about a possible replacement but they told me to contact Marineland directly . I have called Marineland numerous times over the past few days and at different times -LRB- the toll free number is on EST and I 'm on PST -RRB- . I keep getting a recorded message that my wait time to speak with a representative is over 30 minutes . However , if you wait long enough , you have the option to leave a message , which I did . I still have not received a call back . Fortunately , I can still use my old pump for the time being but I think Marineland should stand behind their product and replace both my bulb and pump in a timely manner , especially since Big Al 's wo n't . What would I do about my fish until they respond if I did n't have a backup pump ? Just let them suffer without a filter and possibly die ... ?
 I was happy the first 3mos then my lamps started blinking off & on . You would have to wiggle it just right to get it to stay lit . I wrote the company about it with no response . Then the pump started acting up so I wrote the company in hopes they would answer a simple question I had when looking to replace the pump unit and again , no answer . The whole light fixture went out so I ended up rigging something else and I replaced that pump with a EHEIM and I just love it.oh yea , the fit -LRB- hood assembly -RRB- is loose , I did n't realize I needed a tube of silicone to repair the hood before placing it on my tank .
 Stay far away from this product . The pump is very poorly isolated from the hood assembly . If you do n't get it seated JUST EXACTLY right , it vibrates like crazy , causing a HORRIBLE noise . Very loud . What 's worse , it seems that even if you do get it seated right , over time it shifts causing the vibration noise again . I am extremely unhappy with this . Sure , it looks nice and is convenient , but unless you have total hearing loss or live in an assembly plant , the noise makes it a worthless purchase . I 'd give it zero stars if I could .
 i put this on my pug and was horrified the first time he was shocked . the `` harmless '' zap knocked him on his back . my usually happy , easy-going puggy was apprehensive and afraid to move out of his corner.maybe this collar wo n't affect larger dogs quite the same way , but i think i 'll stick with gates and verbal corrections .
 Purchased item to limit our dog 's access to some areas of our house ... The item description leads one to believe that it works by sound emission , but actually uses SCHOCK to harm the dog when it gets near the transmitter . Absolutely inhumane .
 I bought this toothpaste because it advertised that it used Stevia , an all natural sweetener . Yes , Stevia is in there , but the second main ingredient is SORBITOL ... a carcinogenic artificial sweetener , like all the other toothpastes on the market . I was pissed .
 I have never had a filter give me so much trouble on start-up . I opened the box and the intake extension tube was missing . OK , I could make do . I put the filter together , put it on the tank and I have to say it started immediately . But then it started to gurgle , lose suction and go dry . I took it apart 5 times trying to find the problem . I checked the impeller , siliconed all the seals and removed and siliconed the intake hose where it meets the canister . Those intake and exhaust tubes are loose and leaky . I wanted to like the bio wheel , but it 's just too big for the back of the tank . I do n't want to cut out another section on my hood to accomodate it . The filter has been running for the past half hour . I do n't know if that will last another minute or another year , but the aggravation experienced in assembling it is n't worth the money spent .
 I just drove through 45 minutes of traffic each way to pick up this filter after my first Marineland filter was discovered to have a structural defect . Soon after unpacking this filter , I discovered that a crucial part was missing and hence the entire filter system is useless!Save yourself the hassle and buy a system from a REPUTABLE manufacturer . NEVER again a Marineland product !
 Purchased this heater for a cichlid tank , set it up to keep the water temperature at about 79-80 degrees . Heater is very nice looking and the control knob seems to work well . The indicator light was a nice feature , flashing slow when the water temperature was very low , solid when heating and flashing fast if the water was too warm . Kept the temperature very stable for 3 weeks , at which time it became erratic , heating and then instantly flashing fast that the tank was too hot . Then it would shut off , flash that the tank was too cold , come back on , etc. . This would all take place in a span of about 10 minutes . Obviously they have a problem with the thermostat as I have now read other sites with comments that are very similar . Warranty is a joke , as you have to ship it back at your expense along with $ 10 to cover their return shipping . I threw it out and replaced it with a Hydor in-line heater . No more Rena for me .
 Useless . This was suggested to me to prevent my cat from scratching my leather chair , and it does n't stick at all . If I even lightly touch it , it sticks to my finger and falls off the chair . Now I remember trying this on a fabric chair 4-5 years ago to keep my kitten from scratching and I remember it did n't work on fabric either . Useless stuff , do n't waste your money - find another solution . In the meantime I have the vacuum cleaner against the corner of the chair she likes to scratch ... that works better than this .
 This is a terrible product for countertops . Did not deter my cat one bit from climbing all over the counters - I saw her walking around on them like it 's nothing . Worst part is that after the thing failed to do any good I spent the better part of an afternoon scraping sticky residue from all my countertops - these strips do NOT come off clean , at least from the average grade kitchen counter surface . Tried a number of kitchen cleaners and they 're still sticky . Ca n't say how well this works / how easy to remove on other surfaces , but for countertops , it was no good for my cat . If you still want to give it a try -LRB- cats are pretty different when it comes to this kind of thing -RRB- I would suggest covering the counters with tin foil first and putting the strips on the tin foil . That 's what I wish I would 've done -LRB- other than not shelling out ** bucks for this in the first place -RRB- .
 I bought this product because my big cat loves to sit on the back of my sofa by the window . She flattens the pillow so much that it 's hard to fluff it up again -LRB- the pillows are attached to the sofa -RRB- . So I tried to adhere the strips all along the back of the upholstered sofa and it did not stick . I got more strips on me than the furniture . Finally when I got one to stick it came off on my cat 's paw and she went flying around the room like she was on fire . She now enjoys a wonderful view of the yard on my unfluffy hairy sofa .
 I am a huge fan of Sticky Paws . Up until now , I have been using it quite sucessfully on a chenille twill woven couch . Then I bought the microfiber loveseat ... Sticky Paws does n't stick ! It just drops off . Too bad , it 's been a great product . I hope the company can change the formulation , because my results have been terrific with loosely woven fabric .
 It does n't really work for us . After we applied it at the edge of the sofa , at first , our cats were afraid . Then , they started to play with it . The last scene we saw was they were using their teeth instead of paws to pull the thing off . Guess they think that 's their new toy .
 I put some strips on my couch , and it took my cat about 3 seconds to get them off and play with them . To combat the scratching problem , I moved a scratching post next to the couch .
 I purchased this product for the same reason that all of did , and it failed on both my leather and cloth furniture to such an extent that I took the time to write this review . It failed to prevent the cat from scratching a $ 7000 leather sofa from the first day of use , and when I removed it , it left a sticky residue that was very difficult to remove -LRB- used goof off , and reconditioned the patch with leather conditioner -RRB- . The cloth sofa application just pealed off after two days.Garbage is a harsh word for a product , but when something does more harm than good and winds up in a landfill after the first week , it 's an honest and fitting term .
 First of all , the strips are so small as to be useless for large furniture . Second , I wish I had just used packing tape . I just peeled off the strips , and my sofa now has GLUE stuck to it . I am so angry , as this is a brand new sectional sofa and I now have no idea how I 'm going to safely remove the residue.DON ' T BUY THIS LOUSY PRODUCT .
 I never write reviews , but this product made me so mad that I decided to write one . I got these to keep my cats off of my countertops and kitchen table . Within minutes of applying the sticky paws , my cat was on the table walking over the sticky tape without hesitation . Now I am trying to remove the tape , but it has left a sticky residue everywhere that wo n't come off . I 've tried rubbing alcohol and dish soap and the sticky residue is still there . I love how it specifically states in the description that it is easily removed and leaves no residue behind . This product was also very expensive and I could barely cover my countertops before running out of the strips . Save your money ... if you want to try something like this , try double-sided tape instead . I had no trouble removing that .
 This brush is a great quality brush but did n't work for me its way to soft for my dogs hair ; it should be used for a adult Hair .
 These cut well but the blade gets hot within minutes . Dogs do not like these clippers . I thought it was just a defect and did replace the set I bought . Second set still ran boiling hot . Do n't bother with these .
 I bought these clippers to replace the economical pair which I was using for my dog 's hair cuts . I thought this set would be good since it was more expensive than most other sets . To my dismay , these clippers did not cut well , did not have any power , and constantly needed oiled . I ended up putting them aside and finishing the cut with my old clippers . I goes to remind me that I should read reviews before I buy .
 Yesterday , when I went into the pet store grooming area , I told the groomer that my dog had very thick , very fine hair and that in the past , I had spent more time cleaning the clippers than actually clipping . She recommended this Andis as top of the line and assured me that these clippers would solve all my problems.To be fair , my dog had some pretty gnarly mats to get through - but these clippers could n't even finish the job . The motor kept on slowing down and slowing down . I regularly stopped to rinse out the blade and re-oiled multiple times . Right now , he is funny/scary looking as FOUR HOURS of clipping could n't finish him -LRB- He 's a 25 lb Lhasa - not that big -RRB- . I will be returning these clippers today .
 Like others , I bought these to replace the old clippers I bought from Walmart a few years ago . This was my second attempt at purchasing new clippers and was very disappointed . They ca n't cut my poodle 's fine hair , she flinches every time they touch her skin and the run very hot . Do n't bother .
 The comb is ok for small mats but date to try on bigger ones . The blades are not sharp enough and its pooling my dogs hair which is very painful for her . I 'm in the search for something better .
 I bought this to try to get mats off of an exceptionally sensitive dog . He howls if this thing comes near him now . This might be better for younger , less neurotic dogs , but has been sitting in a drawer here for a few months now .
 If you are LEFT handed , this thing is useless.The blades point in the wrong direction and its awkward to hold , if you are LEFT handed.Other than that , the handle feels good and comfortable in the hand and thick enoughto make it easy to hold on to .
 It 's inexpensive ; I 'll give it that . As for removing mats , I did n't like it . It did n't slice through them easily and really just seemed - after much effort - to rip the dog 's hair out . It 's hard to get the blades into the mat in the first place .
 Not what I expected it to be . Much larger than pictured and the gaps between the teeth are too large to accomplish anything .
 this item is not suitable for the hair behind ears seems only to cut into coat not glide into it
 the nipples for these bottles are smaller for some reason , the kittens have a much harder time adjusting to them
 I bought this so my dog 's kennel would be more comfy . Unfortunately my dog is a scratcher and she had the middle of this bed torn up in a day .
 It looked thick in the picture , but the bottom of this has no padding at all , my greyhound wo n't even lay on it . waste of money .
 not that i was looking for a collar that would last forever but this one didnt make it very long at all before it was faded and fraying ... also was smaller then i thought it would be
 This product does most of what it says . It 's highly adjustable , easy to install and you can see through the mesh . HOWEVER , it 's very difficult to see through the mesh at night AND -LRB- the really big problem -RRB- is the flexible frame . I transport dogs often and all they have to do is put a paw on the mesh and they can get the `` flexible '' frame to come right done . If you 've ever delt with a dog with any anxiety , it will be a huge problem . I 'm going to return it .
 Net Pet BarrierSolvit Products Net Pet Barrier -LRB- Black - 58 '' x 24 '' -RRB- I was excited by this new innovative pet barrier . I followed installation instructions closely . Everything looked great and initially functioned as described . Unfortunately my two Rat Terriers discovered , within a few days , that if they pawed at the mesh , the spring frame would pull down some and they could belly-over into the front seat . The regular belly-over process eventually caused some of the connectors on the frame to fall off . Nothing seemed to keep them re-connected for more than a few days . Ironically , this barrier was excellent for my very docile , easy-going American Pit Bull Terrier . If you have very determined dogs , they WILL find a way through this barrier . If your dog -LRB- s -RRB- are docile , I 'd still get this barrier , as it is more attractive than anything else on the market and if you are installing in a car , it leaves plenty of room in the back seat for passengers , even if you do n't remove it .
 What a sorry excuse for a pet barrier !!! Would serve more purpose as a butterfly net ! Highly difficult to install , velcro does n't like to stick to the car and with it 's flimsy design , I could sneeze and it would fall down !! Save your money !
 I followed the instructions provided and wiped down the attachment area with rubbing alcohol , but was still unable to get the connectors to stick to my car . I finally resorted to spot-sanding where the sticky bits were supposed to go but it still would n't stick . Sending it back for a refund . And kicking myself for sanding spots of my cars interior in order to try to make this work .
 not what i was hoping for . worked for a week and fasteners came apart . very hard to uninstall too
 I read all the bad reviews and still bought this products . Fail ! I should have listened and saved my money . Like everyone else said , the adhesive anchors are a joke . I cleaned and warmed up the surface as instructed and still they only held for 10 seconds before falling off . I even used some industrial strength glue my husband stole from his job and even that did n't hold it . So I rigged the net by tying it to some anchors that were already there , including the back seat belt , and even slipping the string under some molding in the car . It works , barely , but looks horrible . I was so pissed off I almost considered using a staple gun on the interior of my car . Do n't waste your money and just buy the metal one . Besides , this one is ridiculously overpriced . Boo !
 This pet barrier is a descent product overall . It just has issues with the fasteners falling off . While it was in place it kept my two large labs separated from the rest of the vehicle as described . However , after only a day or so it falls down . I followed the instructions to a t , cleaning the vinyl surface with rubbing alcohol to prep the area to mount the Velcro like anchors . I am still trying to find something to anchor the barrier to the car with . So at this time I ca n't even use the gate until I can find something to keep it up with . disappointed . Good luck keeping this thing in place .
 I found this product really useless . It did n't even begin to discourage our dog from pushing it out of the way . The velcro string holds broke immediately and i would n't recommend this at all . A waste of $ 50 . And now it cant be returned .
 Bought to drive uneasy car dog on 1800 mile trip . Worked as well as can be expected and I intended to keep it but when I went to remove it the anchor points -LRB- small nylon rope attached to monster plastic `` velcro '' -RRB- detached.Returned to Amazon on 32nd day -LRB- minus 8.00 return after 30 day fee -RRB-
 My dog figured out easily that she could move this product with her nose and be in the back seat . She was also able to pull on it and dislodge the adhesive velcro stripes from the vehicle sides . In a last effort to show me her displeasure for the barrier , she pulled it down , ate the string shoelace attachments off of it and ripped the screen up with her paws . I 'm now looking into metal varieties .
 The net itself looked fine and seemed like it would suit our needs . I installed the net exactly as directed ; I even cleaned extra times the areas where the adhesives would stick to our car , and did n't add the net for several days afterwards -- just to ensure they 'd stick . In less than 24 hours after attaching the net , however , all but one or two -LRB- of six -RRB- adhesives fell off.The product was returned .
 I followed the instructions to a T when this item arrived , cleaned the mounting pad surface , adhered the pads per the instructions , waited two days not one to allow the adhesive to cure , mounted the unit adjusted the tension and thought everything was good to go . The next morning I went into the garage and found two of the pads had pulled off of the pillar . The design crew needs to go back to the drawing board on this one . I gave it two stars only because of the fit when first installed .
 this gate did not stick to the car at all and when we glued it to the car it then brokewe were very disapointed with this product
 I bought this product with the purpose of keeping dog hair in the back of the car . After reading many reviews from unhappy costumers I bought the product anyway because most of the complaints I read were dogs pushing though the barrier . That is n't an issue with my dog . I merely wanted to keep the dog hair in the back and the mesh netting seemed like the perfect solution . The barrier was very simple to install and I followed detections to `` T '' and within 36 hours -LRB- before I even had a chance to put the dog in the car with it ! -RRB- It had fallen down . I 'm not happy at all with the product and am returning it .
 Not really a functional product for our use . The fasteners lack functionality as well .
 This brush was kind of horrible . The bristles do n't really pull the loose hairs out and I ended up buying another kind at my local pet store .
 not that i was looking for a collar that would last forever but this one didnt make it very long at all before it was faded and fraying ... also was smaller then i thought it would be
 Really not happy with this bulb , bought it for my little sulcata and keep on at night for 8hrs and after the second night of being on for 3hrs it blew . . $ 7 is alot for a bulb that blew only lasting 12hrs . .
 I thought I would give this bulb a chance even though I read other negative reviews . I received this bulb on Thursday . It was well packaged , surrounded in bubble wrap and perfectly boxed . It lasted about two days . It burned out sometime in the middle of Saturday night . I have had several heat bulbs varying in brand and strength over several years . Never have I ever had this problem . I just hope that it was n't off for too long . My Brazilian rainbow boa loves his heat !
 Installed it Friday evening and it burned out sometime Sunday night . Now I 'm trying a Zoo Med Nocturnal Infrared Incandescent Heat Lamp -LRB- also 100 watts -RRB- , but I 've had similar bad luck with that model and every 100-watt red heat lamp I 've purchased from Amazon . Could it have something to do with shipping ? This one was shipped with heavier items but did n't seem damaged . All the lower wattage heat lamps -LRB- including Exo Terra Night Glo -RRB- have worked well , but they 've never been shipped with heavier items .
 I had two options when ordering a red bulb for my chicken coop
 not that i was looking for a collar that would last forever but this one didnt make it very long at all before it was faded and fraying ... also was smaller then i thought it would be
 This product is not as pictured.It is a thin , flat stick.Vender will not issue full credit when returned .
 I got the boots over 2 months after I ordered them from a woman I do n't know . The company sent them to the wrong address -LRB- but mine was on the order correctly -RRB- and after she had called the phone number on the reciept repeatedly and getting no response , she shipped them on to me . Horribly done business if you ask me , but the shoes are cute .
 I have tried these recently after moving into a house with brand new wood flooring and two dogs . I thought that the soft paws would be the answer to easily keeping my floors looking new for years to come , but after using them for 3 months now I 've given up . They are just way more trouble than they are worth.In theory , it 's a great concept . Soft little caps over the nails protect the floor . In reality , they are a hassle . I will say , they 'll likely work well for you if you have an inactive indoor dog . They apply fairly easily , but getting the right amount of glue on is rather difficult . If you do n't use enough , they 'll fall off quickly . If you use too much , they 'll never come off and glue will squeeze out the top and glue the dog 's hair to the cap -LRB- tip
 Do NOT get these for your dog ! They are HORRIBLE . I am a groomer and have had to remove these god awful things from dogs . If you are seriously considering these for your dog do something first . Buy some fake nails , glue them on your nails , then pull them off a day or two later . Dont use any glue dissolving solution or anything , just pull them off . Now imagine your dog going through that . Since dogs cant talk to say it hurts or is uncomfortable , they react the only way they know how . By biting . Your dog will have to be muzzled while a groomer cuts part of the soft claws off , then pulls the rest off with a pair of hemostats . This sometimes removes part of the nail.The dogs I groom that have these are TERRIFIED as soon as I reach for their paws . They KNOW what is about to happen . Even when they come in without the soft paws , they are scared . I know its the soft paws that causes this behavior as one dog came in several times without them and I got him to the point where I could file his nails without a muzzle , then he came in with soft claws again and was right back to being terrified.Sure they may prevent your precious floor from being scratched , but so do area rugs and getting your dog 's nails trimmed and filed regularly . I really wish these things would get banned .
 I got this bowl for my lab and thought it would be great to store her food and help her not bend so low . Well , when I stored her food , somehow water can get into the container so her food got wet and moldy . Another bad thing was the stainless steel , `` rust proof '' bowl did just that ... RUSTED ! I had to replace the bowl . Also , the water bowl gets condensation on it and if food happens to fall inbetween the bowl and the container it molds . I was not happy with this product .
 I liked the idea of be able to store food and keep the bowls in the same place . But found out very shortly that if you do n't store enough food , to support the upper level , it falls down ... and when the water bowl is full ... NOT such a good idea.Also ... keep in mind that if any drop of water penetrates between the metal bowl and the plastic , you will have smelly mold ... I just ca n't stand this thing anymore !!!
 It stores the food well enough , check the food to make sure moisture did not leak into the storage area -LRB- will it cause the food to rot , mildew , otherwise , not edible -RRB- . The lid does not go back on easily at all . You must fidget with it the majority of times to get it back on . I have had mine for almost a year -LRB- bought it in August -RRB- . I clean this out every time I add another bag of food . I dry it thoroughly so there is no moisture left in it . The container is of no use to me now . I have to replace it , but I have not used it in a few months due to every bag being put in it is getting ruined . I do not see any holes , cracks , etc in this storage/food dish . I do not use abrasive cleaners -LRB- vinegar and water with a soft sponge -RRB- . The other storage/food dish we have for our other dog we have owned for 4 years , there has been no issues with it . However they quit selling that style -LRB- different company -RRB- . I do not recommend this for anyone . I think it is a waste of money . It is cheaper than most models , now you know why it is .
 our last feeder was bamboo after storing food inside it grew mold in the bottomdecided to try the plastic this timehowever , upon opening was dissappointed that you ca n't remove the bowl and reach in to get food it has a solid top and the entire thing has to be removed to get to the food very inconveintent with water in the bowl - decided to keep anyway my hubby said he would just cut his own hole ... so we started using it at the high setting bc we have a tall dog and as he eats most of the time one side drops down ! not stable - -LRB- and he 's not an aggressive eater -RRB- therefore would not recommend for tall dogs - only medium to small
 My dogs hate them . They Do n't stay on my active hunting dogs . They do n't do a good job of protecting the floors . Buy a dremel and keep the nails short
 I read the great hype about this cat food . It sounded like the best thing I could give my cat . Unfortunately , I did n't even finish a complete 4 lb bag when my cat got blocked and he had to be rushed to the clinic . So even though they say it is for their urinary tract health with proper pH to prevent struvite crystals , do n't believe it . -LRB- I would have rated this food zero but the system made me rate it at least one star . -RRB-
 Smaller than I expected . The units did n't match our existing bag of litter so it was hard to compare ahead of time .
 I ordered this because the image appeared to be the same one I purchased in the stores in previous years . That item was fantastic , noise maker lasted over a year , perfect length . This item hangs about 2 feet from the ground -LRB- my other cat is older and likes to lay down below batting things , definitely wo n't work for her -RRB- , when I first opened it the noise maker stuck on and I had to tap it to stop on repeated occasions , and now a few hours later the noise stopped . If this is the same company who made the earlier product I 'm very disappointed , you 've downgraded quality on something that I 'm sure was already inexpensive enough to make in the first place .
 My cats broke this within the first hour of it being on the door . It snapped off the base , which is really too bad because they had a lot of fun for the 20 minutes that it lasted !
 This product is ok but it did n't give off enough heat for my 10 gallon tank I still have to put another heating lamp to get my tank at the right temp
 Hello , I had one of these heaters that lasted approx 6 months . The wires that attach to the end and the ceramic crumbled , making it impossible to fix . I did buy another one but again the same thing happened.They stopped heating , and I wanted to check that the heater was screwed into the socket , and when I went to turn it , the whole thing twisted , except for the metal part that is screwed into the socket , making the ceramic crumble , and the heating wires separate from the end.I would stay away from these types of heaters .
 I bought this heater in September 2008 and used it for a month . It worked when I turned it on again for a few days in May , 2009 . But then , when I went to use it again this September , it was not working . So do n't buy it . I just had to order a different brand this morning .
 Exo Terra , if your going to put a product out be truthful on how long it will last . I bought 2 and both went out in 3-4 months . A lot of money spent on a poorly made product .
 Exo Terra PT2048 Ceramic Heater 250W 110VThe does exactly what it says it does , and I used it with the `` required '' Exo Terra wire fixture . It lasted 4 months and failed . I discovered that it was not putting out heat when my Bearded Dragon became unusually inactive . Turns out that the base of the lamp where the hot side of the circuit touches the tab in the socket was burnt and separated from the base of the lamp and the lamp itself had burnt out . The tab in the socket was black as if there had been excessive heat or arching . Exo Terra requires that the heater must be used with only it 's wire enclosed socket , so that is what I bought . It is also to last 5 years ... mine lasted 4 months and 10 days . I have ordered another , we 'll see how it goes . My terrarium is a large one and requires a 250 watt ceramic heater to maintain the temperature . While it worked , it did the job . I plan to contact the company and see what they have to say . One other note , even though it is a 250W heater , I still needed a basking lamp and infrared lamp to maintain the hot side temperature in my terrarium . That was not a problem , but worth nothing that the 250W is not enough alone .
 I had the exact same problem that a lot of other reviewers experienced . The ceramic detached from the bulb base and now the lamp no longer works . Do not buy this product , it does n't last .
 After 2 months the end came apart , the other 3 have lasted longer , but for the amount spent I would not buy again .
 I purchased two of these heaters . They worked great for the first month - then I noticed that one of my units was putting out 1/2 the heat as the other one . Within another few weeks , the other unit had the same problem . Go forward another month and now both units are completely dead . I have to think there is a better product out there .
 I have been buying these 250w ceramic heat emitters -LRB- pt-2048 -RRB- and Wire-light -LRB- pt-2062 -RRB- for the last 6 years . Every 5 to 6 months they burn out , usally with sparks and/or flames shooting from the top of the porclen socket for a brief moment .
 I bought this for my adult cat and every time it squeaked she ran and hid . She was truly scared . I gave her a few days and her reaction never got any better . I took it to the animal shelter I volunteer for , and while they were n't scared , no cat was particularly interested . Cats seem to be very particular when it comes to what toys interest them . I am sure some cats love this , but mine did not .
 Can not hear the squeaking ! Maybe my cats can hear it . Either way , they do n't even play with it.Save your money .
 I payed $ 17.89 for this now it is up to over $ 30.00 what an increase !! Wait it will go down . No litter is worth that !!! What the hell !!! What ? They sending a kid to college or something ?!!!
 I have been buying these 250w ceramic heat emitters -LRB- pt-2048 -RRB- and Wire-light -LRB- pt-2062 -RRB- for the last 6 years . Every 5 to 6 months they burn out , usally with sparks and flames shooting from the top of the porclen socket for a brief moment .
 I bought two of these fixtures less than one month ago and both the clamps fell apart , causing the very expensive bulbs to fall into the lizard enclosure , damaging the bulbs and stressing our reptile.I do not recommend these fixtures.The ceramic portion seems fine but the clamps are cheap metal and do now work well .
 Color not as white as pictured and there was writing -LRB- logo 's -RRB- on item not showed in description , very disappointed !
 Hello , I had one of these heaters that lasted approx 6 months . The wires that attach to the end and the ceramic crumbled , making it impossible to fix . I did buy another one but again the same thing happened.They stopped heating , and I wanted to check that the heater was screwed into the socket , and when I went to turn it , the whole thing twisted , except for the metal part that is screwed into the socket , making the ceramic crumble , and the heating wires separate from the end.I would stay away from these types of heaters .
 I bought this heater in September 2008 and used it for a month . It worked when I turned it on again for a few days in May , 2009 . But then , when I went to use it again this September , it was not working . So do n't buy it . I just had to order a different brand this morning .
 Exo Terra , if your going to put a product out be truthful on how long it will last . I bought 2 and both went out in 3-4 months . A lot of money spent on a poorly made product .
 Exo Terra PT2048 Ceramic Heater 250W 110VThe does exactly what it says it does , and I used it with the `` required '' Exo Terra wire fixture . It lasted 4 months and failed . I discovered that it was not putting out heat when my Bearded Dragon became unusually inactive . Turns out that the base of the lamp where the hot side of the circuit touches the tab in the socket was burnt and separated from the base of the lamp and the lamp itself had burnt out . The tab in the socket was black as if there had been excessive heat or arching . Exo Terra requires that the heater must be used with only it 's wire enclosed socket , so that is what I bought . It is also to last 5 years ... mine lasted 4 months and 10 days . I have ordered another , we 'll see how it goes . My terrarium is a large one and requires a 250 watt ceramic heater to maintain the temperature . While it worked , it did the job . I plan to contact the company and see what they have to say . One other note , even though it is a 250W heater , I still needed a basking lamp and infrared lamp to maintain the hot side temperature in my terrarium . That was not a problem , but worth nothing that the 250W is not enough alone .
 I had the exact same problem that a lot of other reviewers experienced . The ceramic detached from the bulb base and now the lamp no longer works . Do not buy this product , it does n't last .
 After 2 months the end came apart , the other 3 have lasted longer , but for the amount spent I would not buy again .
 I purchased two of these heaters . They worked great for the first month - then I noticed that one of my units was putting out 1/2 the heat as the other one . Within another few weeks , the other unit had the same problem . Go forward another month and now both units are completely dead . I have to think there is a better product out there .
 I have been buying these 250w ceramic heat emitters -LRB- pt-2048 -RRB- and Wire-light -LRB- pt-2062 -RRB- for the last 6 years . Every 5 to 6 months they burn out , usally with sparks and/or flames shooting from the top of the porclen socket for a brief moment .
 This product is ok but it did n't give off enough heat for my 10 gallon tank I still have to put another heating lamp to get my tank at the right temp
 Worked okay for a few hours then the filter holder broke off . I glued it back on and it works now but certainly not a good design .
 This little part will continue to break , so build that expense into your consideration of purchase of the fogger.I found it to be of little use as it only kept the fogger going for another short period -LRB- 3 days -RRB- . Do n't waste your money .
 cheap food good for any 1 that really doesnt care about there fish growth or health AA a a a a a a a a a a a a
 My fish wo n't eat this food ! I guess you get what you pay for ; 1/3 the usual price , 1/3 the usual quality .
 I had previously bought my fish food at Petsmart and decided to try this . My koi and goldfish just did n't like it ! They would n't eat it and it just floated around the koi pond .
 I bought this food after going through a large bag of Top Fin Koi Food . My fish ate it very well , but after a week or so their vibrant colors faded noticeably . I 've switched back to Top Fin .
 My fish would not eat the food , not sure why . I had some of thier old food left over put that in and they ate everything but this new food ?
 I 'm not sure what the issue is but my koi fish refused to eat this . I need to change to a different brand . Now , I 'm stuck with a 10-lb bag.Anyway , if you still want to try this brand , only buy a small quantity , to see if your fish would eat it .
 I had read other reviews of this product and they were overall pretty good . The price was great and I 've have been very satisfied with other Kaytee products I have used . So I bought it . I fed it to my Koi fish for several days and they would n't eat it . I had to throw the whole bag away . For me , it was a waste of $ 20.00 .
 My fish eat through a fair amount of food , so I decided to try the Kaytee food since it is cheaper than most everything else on the market.Well , there 's a reason . Several of my koi started losing their color -LRB- one is just plain white now -RRB- , or their coloring has gotten muddled -LRB- where previously they had a sharp contrast . -RRB- I 've switched back toTetra Pond Koi Vibrance Floating Pond Sticks , 8.27 Pounds -- saving a little money on food to have ugly fish is a bad trade-off in my book .
 My fish just wo n't eat this stuff . Definitely not premium fish food ! I should have check the other 1 star customer review before buying it . Also , the resealable bag is useless .
 I have been feeding my koi with catfish food for months . After reading all the positive feedbacks here , I thought I would give this a try.Instead of paying $ 18 for a 50 lb . catfish food , I paid more than $ 20 for a 10 lb . `` koi food '' only to find out my koi did n't like this anymore than they liked the catfish food . In fact , they appeared to prefer the catfish food a bit more.Their favorite was to suck blood worm out of their hiding . Since my pond is not filtered , it has plenty of that . If that still was n't enough , they would dig around for vegetables . They would jump on the goldfish flakes if I offer it to them , but if they are still hungry , they would eat these pellets.So , my guess is it 's all relative . Without giving your fish a buffet table with many different entries to choose from , you would n't know what they like better .
 I have 4 average size Koi and 6 large gold fish . All of my fish spit out this food . I had never seen a fish eat something and then spit it out . They try so hard eat the same piece several times and then immediately shoot it out of their mouth . I thought something was wrong with my fish or the water so i try regular fish sticks Tetra brand and they eat that well without spitting out . There must be something terribly bad with this food . I waisted my money on this large bag .
 I ordered a hairball control product for my cats . It arrived on time but the product expires in just 4 months . Totally not worth the money .
 My dog has hip arthritis . Gets the prescribed amount every day . Have n't really seenany improvement
 I hike my dogs daily in the hills of rural Vermont , on the miles of trails out behind my house . I have one dog who covers many miles to my one and sometimes I worry when she 's gone for more than a few minutes . I got this bell to help me keep track of her whereabouts , thinking that if it was called a `` sportsman 's bell '' , it would have a loud , clear ring that would be audible from quite a distance . WRONG ! The bell has a high pitched tone and can only be heard from maybe 100 yards away . Also , the tab that loops on the collar is somewhat short so does n't fit easily over the collar buckle . I bought a cheaper bell from my local feed store that has a longer collar attachment and also a clankier but more audible tone and I am a lot happier with this one .
 Not a real Henrietta the Chicken . I have bought several over the years . This one was HARD and broke in half immediatley .
 PLEASE DO NOT LEAVE THIS TOY WITH YOUR DOG UNSUPERVISED!We gave our Silky Terrier this toy . He weighs 12 pounds and he was very excited and loved the toy . THE ONLY PROBLEM WAS , 45 seconds after we gave it to him he Chewed the Foot OFF !! This toy is not very durable and easy to chew through . I 'm not buying anymore dog toys online ! I am buying from the pet store!I DO NOT THINK YOU SHOULD BUY THIS TOY UNLESS YOUR DOG HAS NO TEETH OR DOES NOT LIKE TO CHEW !
 Yes they did , It was a blast to watch him with this toy not sharing with the others . For the whole 10 minutes before he bit a hole in it let the air out and stopped the noise ... It was almost worth it anyways . . almost ...
 I do n't like that my dog was able to chew off little pieces off of this and probably ingest some of those pieces . This is unlike Kongs , which are seemingly indestructible . I 'd recommend Kong brand stuff instead .
 The toy has a very strong bad plastic smell . My 9 week old puppy has had the toy for a week . He has not interest in getting close to it . I am sure it is the smell.I moved the toy from the room because it smelled so bad . The strong smell has reduced , but my puppy still has no interest.He does like Hartz Dentist 's Best with Dental Shield , which came in a 10 pack of 2 '' bones at WalMart . The bones are suppose to reduce tartar by 83 % . My puppy does some heavy chewing on the bones.Update 8-6-2009 : My dog is now playing a little bit with the toy . I would increase the rating to 2 , but I can not find a way to alter the rating .
 I got this for my dog who likes to chew , LOVES ice and gets hot easily . I thought this would be perfect . He did n't like the texture and size of the bone -LRB- he is a small dog -RRB- so it was difficult to get him to chew on it . When I finally got him interested enough to chew , the bone squirted him and he absolutely will not go near it now.Update
 Bought this more expensive chrome cage thinking that the quality must be higher than the cheaper ones sold here in amazon . Dont bother paying a premium for this crate . We have had the unit just more than a month and it is rusting and our dog has broken welds and bent wire . I would not recomend this crate to anyone I know based soley on the fact of that it rusted in the first month sitting inside our master bedroom .
 the litter maid itself works fine . But the plastic litter boxes are so flimsy theybuckle when you try to put them in place.I bought a box of 12 replacement trays andgot one filter . I have two cats I need the filters badly.I am really disgusted at being ripped off like that .
 I am so disappointed ... . my parrots are all pellets eaters but still , after a month , they will not eat these pellets ... . now I have 2 18 lb bags that are a waste of money .
 Initially this was such a great find . Birds loved it and sought it out immediately but holes for suet were quickly chewed to bits and enlarged until the suet plugs could not be contained and just dropped out . Totally unusable because it was made of wood !
 My minpin was clever and despite being tiny , got out of this pen every time I walked away . Because the hinges do n't lock , a dog can throw its weight against the pen and move the entire thing . A baby gate in the kitchen at the same height worked better . This might work for say , puppies , in a supervised area . Not worth the $ 94 I paid .
 just picked this up , and spent an hour looking for online instructions being sure there would be a way to clip the panels together for stiffness . basically it shows three different shapes rectangle , square , hexagon , but ultimately the shape will be whatever the dog pushes it into . As my daughter pointed out , you 'll hear metal rattling constantly as the dogs push against this and stand up on . I thought their must be a way to interlock the panels to give taughtness and after exhaustively calling stores I reached the conclusion there is no stability , it is meant for noisyness and a dog to push the sections around . If there was a way to clip each wall section together it would be fine I 'm sure . I will be returning this and quite frankly I ca n't believe a playpen would be made without a way to hold it 's shape . I see several on this site with panel locking mechanisms and good reviews that is what I will be ordering . I have a new puppy 2 pounds , and even for her why would I want her pushing the sections around and the noise involved when she did this . If I am using this product wrong please enlighten me .
 I have two ferrets and have owned many over the last 20 years as beloved pets . You want to give them a treat , have them lick some peanut butter off your finger or give them a real piece of chicken or make them an omelet . Jerky treats are all over the news with recalls because some of them are coming out of China and packaged by companies you thought you can trust . Purina has two jerky treats recalled 1/9/13 after they knowingly were hurting and killing dogs for years . People were mailing and calling.Furthermore , do n't feed ferrets Purina Kitten Chow . Feed them high quality foods such as Totally Ferret , Evo Ferret or Evo Cat and Kitten formula .
 My ferret would not even touch this treat . she smelled it and refused to eat , and she is not a picky eater . i tried again to give her the treat but she never ate a single one . I will be going back to her old treats .
 I really ca n't say much about these clippers as I am physically unable to use them . Small is one thing , but these clippers are so small that only my pinky finger would fit into the grips . The trimmer is 31/8 '' tall -LRB- without the pinky tang -RRB- and 21/8 '' wide . The grip holes are 5/8 '' tall and 3/4 '' wide.The outer grip is hard plastic , and the finger openings are a slightly softer plastic -LRB- for better grip -RRB- . The sides are held together by a basic rivet and seem solid enough . As mentioned , I can not use this clipper , so am unable to discern how sharp they are or how well they will hold their sharpness.These are best for users with children-sized hands and for use on small animals -LRB- small birds & rodents . -RRB-
 This product was small and hard to hold . I found it better just to use nail clippers to clip the pets nails .
 My minpin was clever and despite being tiny , got out of this pen every time I walked away . Because the hinges do n't lock , a dog can throw its weight against the pen and move the entire thing . A baby gate in the kitchen at the same height worked better . This might work for say , puppies , in a supervised area . Not worth the $ 94 I paid .
 just picked this up , and spent an hour looking for online instructions being sure there would be a way to clip the panels together for stiffness . basically it shows three different shapes rectangle , square , hexagon , but ultimately the shape will be whatever the dog pushes it into . As my daughter pointed out , you 'll hear metal rattling constantly as the dogs push against this and stand up on . I thought their must be a way to interlock the panels to give taughtness and after exhaustively calling stores I reached the conclusion there is no stability , it is meant for noisyness and a dog to push the sections around . If there was a way to clip each wall section together it would be fine I 'm sure . I will be returning this and quite frankly I ca n't believe a playpen would be made without a way to hold it 's shape . I see several on this site with panel locking mechanisms and good reviews that is what I will be ordering . I have a new puppy 2 pounds , and even for her why would I want her pushing the sections around and the noise involved when she did this . If I am using this product wrong please enlighten me .
 I tried everything and my cats didnt bother with it . They let the stuff rot inside .
 I almost bought this for my cat i have been looking for a item like this at local stores so i placed the order and was reviewing everything i also bought several other items so did not think anything of the total until i looked at the invoice for this particular item the toy cost a 1.99 but they get you with shipping it was 6.55 bringing the total to 8.54 . i thought it was overpriced and cancelled my order i guess it is buyer beware !!!!!
 I got this toy because I wanted my cat to work a little for his food . This toy was not the cat-torturing puzzle I was hoping for . Unfortunately , my cat figured out how to get the food out efficiently in under 3 minutes . It 's not terribly tricky as the toy is essentially a hollow plastic ball with a hole in one side . Food comes out almost every time my cat taps the ball . It comes out so easily , more comes out than he sometimes wants to eat in one sitting . I often find little trails of kibble all over the living room . Still , I guess having to tap the ball a few times to get his food is more work than just eating it out of a bowl . Also , you can pry the ball open so that you can clean it , which is a plus .
 I have a half-Siamese and he got the food out of the balls in record time . If you cat is smart , try plastic soda bottles with a few holes punched in them . These balls are just too easy for MENSA cats .
 This is a good idea for a product , but the design is poor.After I had ordered the 2-pack for around $ 7 with shipping , I found a 4-pack at the 99 store , so I felt that I paid too much.The design makes it difficult to put the two halves back together once you have loaded the food or treats.I would recommend cutting a small hole in a tennis ball . That is what I have done and my cat seems to like it better.If you still want this product , let me know , I 'd be happy to send it to you for the price of the shipping .
 I did n't not receive the purple elephant , but instead a brown monkey ??? I understand it said colors vary , but I receive a completely different animal !!!! My yorkie has the purple elephant from years ago and is getting old and ripped , she has a major attachment to it and I wanted to get her a knew one ! I was VERY disappointed when it came in the mail . It was a WASTE of 5 $ !!
 Perfect for my needs . I have a 40 lb dog who uses this tie out cable . It seems perfectly sturdy without being excessively heavy . It has not kinked or twisted.I did receive a blue cable in case anyone is concerned about color.Edit on 10 Oct 2012 . This cable has rusted and has faded to almost white . I do n't use the clip on either end , so it is still working for me since I keep a collar permanently on one end . I 'd image if you need to use the clip that the rust would make it difficult .
 Perfect for my needs . I have a 40 lb dog who uses this tie out cable . It seems perfectly sturdy without being excessively heavy . It has not kinked or twisted.I did receive a blue cable in case anyone is concerned about color.Edit on 10 Oct 2012 . This cable has rusted and has faded to almost white . I do n't use the clip on either end , so it is still working for me since I keep a collar permanently on one end . I 'd image if you need to use the clip that the rust would make it difficult .
 After using 2 bottles of this product , I notice absolutely no difference in my cats dander or shedding . Waste of money !
 My older cat has dander problems so the vet recommended this product . While I was at it I put it in both my cats foodIt might have helped his skin and fur , but after giving him the quantity specified on the package , he got diarrhea . I decided dander was preferable to diarrhea.The other cat ran when she smelled it in her food.So , bottom line , I use it rarely in smaller amounts for one cat and not at all for the other .
 I have 3 cats I could not get 2 of them to even taste the product and the one that did ate some with her food and vomited it up about 15 minutes later . I did also buy the product for my dog and she loves it . Eats it with her food fine .
 I bought two of these and wasted my money ... the perches are tiny pieces of plastic that my cockatiel ca n't even perch on and the holder barely holds 1/2 of a millet spray . It 's a plastic piece of garbage . Do n't waste your money . Buy the more expensive millet holder . You 'll be glad you did . Trust me .
 Top ball with hanging hook split in half and broke immediately after I opened the package , so now I ca n't hang it which was the reason I got it .
 My squirrels do n't like this at all . They are back trying to get into the bird feeder . However , I gave one to my mom in Ohio and her squirrels love it . Guess California squirrels are too picky . .
 I rated this for price only . The product is great and my squirrels -LRB- and birds too -RRB- love it . However , $ 8.99 for a 2 pack is more than TWICE as much as they cost elsewhere .
 Does n't attract the numerous Squirrels on my Property and I put out both , they prefer eatting from the Bird Feeders that this is supposed to distract them from , Does n't work at all for me ...
 Purchased in conjunction with the Belle Fleur 50116 Adirondack Chair Squirrel Feeder.Project comes with a pre-drilled hole on either end to screw on to the Feeder.However , in both instances of use , the squirrels &#34; figured out &#34; how to unscrew the log from the feeder and cart it away!Each log lasted no more than one night on the feeder ... and we never did find what the squirrels did with it.This does not seem to happen when using regular corn.For that reason , I can not recommend this product . Too much to spend for it to have such a short shelf life .
 My neighborhood squirrel 's wont touch these products . Very disappointed but little critter 's are probably spoiled from the baseball peanuts I have been feeding them ... back to the drawing board .
 Too big , and wo n't stay on . I bought two sets of these booties for my chihuahua and toy poodle , thinking these were sized as advertised . Not so , as neither of my dogs can wear these . Number one , they are WAY too big . The chi ca n't wear them at all , as her paws and legs are too small ... the bootie is n't made for chihuahuas . They fit my poodle 's paw a little better as she 's a little bigger , but these booties just wo n't stay on no matter what we do . The booties just slip off as soon as she starts walking due to the fact that the velcro strap is far up her leg , rather than around the paw itself . We ended up putting ours on eBay -LRB- for a good $ $ $ loss , -RRB- to a person who had a mini poodle - at least 10 pounds larger than my dogs . We purchased a different set , which work better . This brand came in XXXSmall , XXSmall , and so on . I ordered an XXXSmall , and they work great as the strap is around the top of the paw , instead of up the leg further . Different cut , manner of securing , etc. . If you have a pom , teacup , yorkie - any very small dog - do not purchase these booties . A waste of money .
 Granted these booties only cost me $ 14.00 at a local pet shop , I did n't think they would have holes all over them and be completely thrashed in less than 48 hours ! My 60 lb . lab completely destroyed these booties in less than two days of playing in the snow . She chased a tennis ball and bounced around in the snow for a couple of hours max . before these booties became completely useless . THESE BOOTIES ARE GARBAGE !!
 The company that sends these are extremely slow.I think the S&H ; is outragous . I will not use thiscompany again.Amazon you need to drop them !!!!!!
 The product is very good and the delivery is convenient ; however , the efficient but low quality shipping resulted in broken bits . I 've paid a lot for a lot of powder . I will try my luck with a different vender next time .
 I purchased this pet bed thinking it would be warm and cozy and discovered what a mistake I had made . The bed does not hold its shape , it 's like a rag laying on the floor that needs constant adjusting to put it back into postion . The pillow is about 2 '' smaller then the center where it sits for the pet to lay on . It is flat with very little padding and no support for an older dog . I am ready to throw it out !!! What a waste of money !!!
 I am very disappointed in this bed - especially since I have it in a smaller version and have loved that one . My puppy grew out of his small Fido bed , but because he loved it and it washed so well , I went out of my way to get what I thought would be the same bed in a larger size . All the stuffing in the cushion shifted to one spot when it was washed . Also , the cushion is smaller that the bed and leaves a gap between cushion and sides of bed . That did n't happen in the smaller version . I 'm just disappointed .
 The order came with a large scratched and looked like it had been used so I returned it for a replacement . The replacement unit , like the original , made loud chirping noises randomly . We would probably never order another K&H products again .
 very low heat -LRB- hot coffee cup on table leaves a warmer impression -RRB- also makes weird and unsafe humming and connection sounds . buying an electric blanket for the kittens . I advise you look else ware
 I purchased this mat to be used in an incubator for premature toy breed puppies . I specifically purchased this because it was the correct size for the area I needed . A few things arent mentioned in the description and it is misleading . The packaging has a piece of paper inside it regarding safely using the product , it says in capital letters to NOT use any sort of cloth or bedding over the heater . This is misleading as they sell a sherpa fleece cover seperately for this exact model . I needed to be able to cover the pad with a piece of fleece in the incubator . Secondly , the pad does not operate at the temperature that the description indicates , I have checked it on three separate occasions already . The cord for the pad is about 1 '' -3 '' down the side of the pad , and not in the corner . The cord does not bend the first few inches , so although the pad is 9x12 , it WILL NOT fit inside a 9x12 area with walls due to the cords placement and being so rigid . It would need atleast a 9x15 area , or you will need to drill a hole in the side of the wall to feed the cord out of . This was not an option for me , as I needed the area to be airtight for the oxygen .
 This item is made of very very cheap plastic and emits a foul odor when the pad is warm . Maybe it will `` burn off '' but you know , what ? For this price , they should have used a higher grade of material to start with . This is like dollar-store cheap level . For your $ 25 + , you get two sheets of extremely cheap plastic glued together -LRB- with visible blobs of glue and gaps around the edges -RRB- around a constant temperature heat element . K & H must be kidding . I wo n't be buying anything made by K & H ever again . Maybe the pad is fine for outdoors where the chemicals it emits when it is warm will dissipate more easily . Not subjecting my critters -LRB- or myself ! -RRB- to the fumes indoors . Sent it back.Note
 For better or worse , this mat does not emit or radiate any heat - if you hold your hand an inch above the surface , you ca n't feel any temp difference . But if you place your hand on the surface , it 's warm . Just my two cents if you are considering what you would be using it for .
 The unit get nice and warm , look to be very safe for the animal . but , the bunnies do n't use it . the plastic materiel is too slippery and the bunnies do n't like to go on it . 30 * F in the last couple of nights , the units are on and the bunnies just ignore it or jump over it .
 I bought this heating pad for my rabbit to use on cold nights , and it seems to work great -- except for the incredibly annoying buzzing/chirping noise that emits from it every time it 's touched , or rustled in any way.It sounds like a recording of R2D2 dying . Honestly . I ca n't handle the noise for more than a few minutes , and am forced to unplug it for my own sanity . Because of this , it 's pretty much useless .
 Hartz At Play.I bought this at the store for my 8 month old Pomeranian and within an hour he was able to pull the rope right out of it 's head.there was stuffing everywhere!not to mention the little felt ties did n't hold up.he was able to chew them off and untie them quite quickly.Good concept but I guess they should of sewn tighter seams and maybe used something a little more durable than felt.My dog loved it , but he loved it a little too much.for the price I 've gotten much more durable toys .
 I purchased this for my Yorkie and I was very disapoited with the quality of the product . I would not advised you to purchase this item it was poorly constructed from cheap materials . Not happy !
 The instructions manual says that pieces no bigger than a grain of rice should break off . However , I just watched my dog chew off a piece about the size of a nickel and another one the size of a dime . I 'm glad he did n't have enough time to try to eat it . This product is going in the trash .
 I have a medium sized dog , and unlike the normal Nylabones that break into rice sized pieces , this one comes off in chunks . Dog threw up for days trying to get rid of large undigestable plastic in his stomach . Tossed it into the garbage and would not recommend .
 This product nearly killed my 5 month old mastiff . I purchased the `` Souper '' size based on his weight of approx . 85 lbs . Since he was only 5 months old , how was I to know that the `` strong chewer '' category would apply to him ? I was also under the impression , based on the product description , that any pieces he could chew off would be the size of a grain of rice and would certainly pass through his system . I did monitor his chewing and fortunately I am able to pull the bone out of his mouth while he 's chewing to check it . I also noticed small rice size pieces on the floor around him as well . Each time I checked , the end was bristled ... which is what it is reported to do . I had no idea he was ingesting large chunks until he threw up several times and I found a total of seven 1 '' long by '' wide pieces of plastic ! After x-rays and surgery , an additional 3 large pieces were found in his stomach . Fortunately , they had not passed through to his intestines yet . The thought of what could have happened is very frightening . It disturbs me to think how many other dogs have suffered or died without their owners realizing what happened . After telling people my story , I 'm shocked to hear how often this has happened to others . Do n't take the risk !
 Not for a dog that chews ... which is all of them . But especially aggressive chewers like my 10 month old terrier . Big chunks come off and get swallowed . That ca n't be good for them . Steer away from these .
 I thought the Nylabone would be a good thing for my Border Collie , since he likes to have a little something to gnaw on once in a while , and the product is advertised as safe and healthy . He likes chewing on these , but he is able to chew off large pieces of the bone - about 1/4 to 1/2 inch diameter chunks . He swallows them , then coughs , sounds like he 's choking , and vomits the pieces up later . I do n't feel safe giving him these .
 Bought this for my German Shepherd dog and he wo n't touch it . It 's been sitting here for weeks and we 've tried many times to make it appealing through play/encouragement/even slathering with peanut butter to no avail . Big waste of money . He likes rawhide much better . Still looking for a safer , lower-calorie alternative to bones and sticks that provides chewing pleasure .
 My dog loves to chew ! I figured a product created specifically for dogs that love to chew would be perfect . Rocky actually ATE this bone . And then proceeded to throw up pieces of nylabone the next morning . Horrible ! If your dog is an agressive chewer do NOT purchase this product .
 My dog is a very aggressive chewer , but when I bought this product in the store it lasted him a long time so i bought it again on line so save some money but for some reason the one I bought off line barely lasted 2 weeks and the one I had bought in the store lasted him about 6 . I 'm not sure what the problem was with durability the second time but I would n't buy it again .
 My little 60 pound Chessapeake had it torn the 4th time we let her play with it . Not very sturdy .
 Our 8 month old lab puppy was able to chew this entire thing in less than a few hours . This is not a durable toy for good chewers and it does not last long . If you have a powerful chewer this is not the toy for your dog
 My puppy loves to chew on things but he wo n't touch this one . I would not buy this again ever ,
 We 've had several nylabones for our dogs . They loved chewing on them and the bones seemed to hold up very well -- until a piece broke off and lodged in the small intestine of my dachsund . Since it 's plastic , it does n't show up in x-rays and the blockage was n't identified until it was too late . Always supervise your pet when they are chewing anything that can be chewed up !
 We have two smaller dogs , 13 and 14 pounds . They both loved to chew on these bones . They would chew for hours -- until there was nothing left ! Then one day one of them got sick . Within 36 hours he was gone ! We are devastated ! A piece of nylabone broke off and lodged in his intestine . It did not show up on X-Rays since it is a plastic substance . Always supervise your pet with their toys . You never know when something like this can happen . We have found that this is not an isolated occurrence . You can read other stories at this site
 My dogs love nylabones , and we 've been buying them for years . I recently decided to stock up and ordered 4 nylabones ! They arrived quickly , but one of the packages was partially open . They also had a new textured look that I was n't sure my dogs would like . The picture indicated that the product I would be receiving would be the same untextured nylabones that my dogs love.However , those are n't the only reasons I 'll be returning them . We just took one of our dogs to the vet this week , and had to spend almost $ 1,000 getting two cracked teeth removed ! Our vet said that nylabones are too hard for dogs ' teeth , and recommended that we use raw bones from the butcher instead . Nylabones are the only chew toys my dogs have used , so there is nothing else that could have cracked my dog 's teeth . Please be cautious , and talk to your vet about whether nylabones are a safe choice for your dog .
 This is the recommended size for my 52 lb dog , but she quit trying to chew on it almost right away . It seems to be too large and hard for her to manage . I 've also tried the next size down -LRB- Wolf -RRB- with similar disappointing results .
 My dog is not interested in this bone at all . He does n't chew on it and will only play with it if I throw it in the yard as a fetching stick .
 I have a five month old Puggle . I decided to buy this for her because she 's a very aggressive chewer . It seemed durable and long lasting . Nope . Not so much . I gave it to her and she had half of it chewed with in 20 minutes . I do not recommend this chew bone for dogs who are very aggressive chewers . It breaks down too quickly . : -LRB-
 My dog , a Labrador had this bones ends chewed and roughed up in no time . Its ends were rough and cut her gums and when I tried playing with it she pulled and rough ends cut my hand open . Had infection for 4 days .
 Warning to other dog owners
 Unfortunately , my 6 month old Weimaraner loves to chew on everything except this bone !!! I was hoping this would distract him from destroying my son 's toys , our furniture , etc. , but no such luck .
 I have a one year old Boxer and a nine year old chocolate lab . Neither one was impressed with this nylabone . Supposed to be bacon flavored but I could n't smell anything resembling bacon . -LRB- I would have tried it to be sure , but I figured that was too much to ask of me just so you could have an accurate review ! -RRB-
 I ordered the plain bones but received the ribbed dental bones . My big dogs did n't like the ribbed surface . Instead they preferred the smaller smooth bones I got for my small dog .
 I do n't really know how the solar snowflakes are until next christmas . the nala bone has sharp edges when my dog chews it . He is a pittbull/lab so he really chews . I would like to find a bone that he wo n't destroy . please let me know if you have anything like that .
 After the dog chews on an end , it makes indentations that turn into small sharp edges that start cutting the gums . If you see the color red , it 's not inside the product . It 's your dog bleeding . I tried a couple of brands so it 's not the manufacturer it 's the nylon . Where 's PETA when you need them ?
 My adult German Shepherd destroys things quickly as all GSD like to do . My vet recommended the Nylabone as it was supposed to be good for her teeth , so I got one , but it ended up chipping off about half of one of her little front teeth . In addition , once some chewing has occurred , the bone gets a lot of hard , sharp jagged edges that can cut both the dog 's gums and my hands.It is definitely durable and my dog loved to chew on it , but I 'd rather spend more money and have her go through a bunch of softer chew toys than to find more broken teeth . Also worth noting is that a different reviewer also mentioned a broken tooth .
 My Greater Swiss Mountain dog cracked two molars on nylabones . Both had to be surgically removed at a cost of about $ 1,000 . I did not realize that the nylabone was the culprit with the first tooth , but witnessed and heard the crack the second time . I purposely always looked for a `` safe '' chew toy for my dog , and now my dog has 2 missing molars because of nylabone . Do not buy !
 I bought two bones for my small dogs -LRB- yorkie and bichon -RRB- . I believe they enjoyed them at first , but later in the day they had stopped playing with them and at dinner time I noticed they were not eating as much as they normally would . I have to guess that these toys might be to hard for my small dogs . A few days later my brother brought over his beagle and she loved them . The chicken flavor is noticeable when you take them out of the package . I would recommend these bones for medium to large breed dog .
 First of all this thing is a lot smaller than `` giant '' as the title suggests . Second , it is not durable . Within minutes of giving it to my dog , he chewed pieces off it . I was afraid that he was going to swallow the nylon pieces and took it away immediately . It might be a good little toy for a small dog , but definitely not for a big dog . The title is very deceiving , just like the `` large everlasting chicken treat '' .
 I bought this bone for my 2 dogs - a greyhound who is an aggressive chewer , and a border collie who 's more interested in taste -LRB- he likes to just lick rawhide . -RRB- I had hoped this would prove a longer lasting alternative to rawhide for the greyhound , and if not , I thought at least the other dog would like it . Well I bought this weeks ago and so far I ca n't convince either dog to be interested . As far as they 're concerned , it 's a flavorless hunk of plastic .
 If I ever get what I 've ordered I know my dog will love it . Unfortunately that 's not happened yet.This is billed as a ` liver ' flavor nylabone but twice now I 've received the original flavor . Think twice about ordering from this company that can not be bothered to pay enough attention to detail to give you what you 've paid for.They also will not refund your money but only replace the item . I will continue to send it back until they actually send me the item I paid for . I wonder how long that will take .
 So i 've been searching for the miracle chew toy and this particular bone was highly recommended for my pit . she was only four months at the time . they say this bone lasts and lasts but the one I purchased literally fell apart . She chewed through this bone with her puppy teeth in a matter of 20 minutes . there was nothing `` souper '' about this bone ! I was bummed because it was expensive and all it did was create a smelly mess . she is now nine months old and chews down and destroys every toy and bone in her path . I think my next purchase will be the nyla wolf bone . Until then im still searching !
 sent the wrong nylabones but i kept them because i didnt feel like dealing with the hassle of returning them .
 I bought this for our big time chewer/border collie but she wanted nothing to do with it . I think it 's the hard plastic-y look and feel of it that she 's not crazy about . She 'd much rather have some rawhide , pigs ears and more natural chew toys ... or my flip flops inadvertantly left on the back porch .
 My dog will not touch this bone in original or chicken flavor . He sniffed it and walked away . I tried to get him to chew , nibble , anything , but I got no response . Guess he does n't like them .
 I 've tried the original Nylabone before and my dogs were n't interested in them . I got these hoping that the flavors would help entice them , but to no avail . Guess it 's back to brushing their teeth !
 These Nylabones are horrible . I got 1 for my 55 lb lab . She destroyed it in about 10 min . Very disappointed . I will stick with Kong toys they last .
 The dog really is n't interested . However , I will say it is durable and the few times he has chewed it , there has been little wear .
 I 've never had a dog that has been interested in one of these bones . I 've had a siberian husky and a mutt in the past and neither one would chomp on one of these nylabones . I have tried the different flavors and textures , but neither one was interested . Years have past and we recently got a new siberian husky since we missed our old one . While he was teething I bought this for him hoping it may work , it did n't . I tried everything to cajole into liking this bone ; however , nothing would make him like this thing . My mom told me that her golden retreiver enjoys these , so perhaps it 's just a breed thing . It 's worth a shot to see if your dog would like this , but be warned that I have had no success .
 I got this because I thought my dog would like it better since it claimed to be bacon flavored . He really liked the original one , so I thought might as well try it . But there was not the slightest scent of bacon . My dog chewed it once or twice , and is not interested in it anymore . Not very happy .
 My 1 year-old Golden Retriever shows no interest in this bone . He loves Kongs , Greenies , rawhide , and other bones , but will not touch these . He sniffs it for a second , gives me a funny look , sort of like `` Where 's the beef '' , then pouts .
 I have 3 dogs ranging from puppy to 3 years , all different breeds and sizes - and all 3 sniffed this and then walked away . Waste of my money : -LRB-
 I bought this bone for my two beagles . But they do n't chew this bone often . If this bone has bacon flavor , I bet they will not only chew it everyday , they will finish the bone in several weeks . This bone has only bacon color . This is just an ordinary plastic bone .
 We have two smaller dogs , 13 and 14 pounds . They both loved to chew on these bones . They would chew for hours -- until there was nothing left ! Then one day one of them got sick . Within 36 hours he was gone ! We are devastated ! A piece of nylabone broke off and lodged in his intestine . It did not show up on X-Rays since it is a plastic substance . Always supervise your pet with their toys . You never know when something like this can happen . We have found that this is not an isolated occurrence . You can read other stories at this site
 I would not recommend this product for anyone who cares about their pet . Apparently the manufacturer of this product does not take measures to insure their product is safe . I ordered the correct size of bone for my Labrador Retriever according to the manufacturers size chart . Brand new out of the package no more than 10 minutes , while my dog was chewing on the bone , a large piece about the size of a marble broke off and my dog swallowed it . I examined the bone and discovered there were numerous air bubbles in the casting making the bone weak and susceptible to breaking . I can only hope that the consumed part of this product will pass without any complications . I will not buy this product again and will be going to normal beef bones in the future .
 I initially started my dog off on these as the gummy version was too easy for her to tear apart . A few months later during my vet visit , she noticed my dog had two slab fractures on her molars . Granted , my dog would tear into these , but now she has ruined her teeth and may require a root canal . I now use kongs with treats that I replace once they start to look worn .
 I just spent $ 1,400 on dental work for my two dogs , both of whom broke multiple teeth on these bones . The Bones do prevent tartar build-up but at an unacceptable cost . I believe this product should carry safety warnings because the vet told us that this is a common problem with the hard bones .
 When it says do n't leave dogs unattended with this bone they mean it . It also says do n't allow them to ingest pieces larger then rice or something like that ... they mean that too . My 18 month old Pit was loving this bone and I tried to take every piece that she chewed off away from her as it came off . A few pieces must have got past me and in her tummy and on the floor , because she started having violent vomiting a day latter , then our 8 year old pit started doing the same . We were for sure that we had got some Chinese chicken strips or something then we started going through the vomit -LRB- sick what we do for our kids -RRB- and found Nylabone chunks in both dogs vomit . Have n't had a issue since . My husband has banned any product from this company from entering our house again.Buyer beware and watch your dogs .
 Very disappointed in this product . It 's basically just a piece of plastic . Our dog tried to chew on it once , but had no interest in it after that . He did n't even seem to notice or care about the bacon flavor . Granted , he is a greyhound and they can be pretty picky , but he is more of a chewer than most other greyhounds . Overall , very dissatisfied - will never purchase again .
 I thought it would be great , but my dog does n't even touch it . Sits in his basket of toys negelcted .
 I decided to purchase this seed based on the other product reviews and ended up being very dissatisfied . The price also seemed reasonable , and even though I had used other products before and been happy , I opted to go for the bargain . Bad decision ! None of the birds that typically eat out of the feeder in our yard would even touch this birdseed ! Next time I will stick with what I know works , and pay a little bit more for the quality product .
 Let me first start out by saying I love this bird feed , and so do the birds!But this particular size is overpriced . You can get a much bigger bag at places like Target.Save your $ $ $
 Good product but it 's only $ 7.79 at Target everyday . I go through a lot of this stuff . Recommend you check locally first .
 anything with metal flooring -LRB- especially wire -RRB- is not for chinchillas . You will end up deforming their feet and cause them pain with this item . Great for sugar gliders though .
 I bought this item -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- and have had lots of problems :1 -RRB- not easy to put together2 -RRB- chinchillas are able to chew and break the wires ... they got out of the cage several times before we figured out what they were doing3 -RRB- only had for a little over year and the cage is rusting4 -RRB- If you have chinchillas ... I would NOT recomend this item !
 I never recieved this item ... kept checking every day and it did not show up at my door ... I did not recieve a refund and I have since moved ... Not pleased ! Ca n't review a product I never recieved .
 I gave it 2 stars as it lasted 2 days . I have a weim that LOVES to chew on balls . She was able to get into the seam of the ball the first day with her teeth , then destroy the seam the second and the ball was in two pieces . Thought it might have been a faulty seam , but she destroyed the second ball in 3 days . She only gets supervised ball chewing time for approx 1-2 hours a day . I would not buy again .
 I am a dog groomer and I ordered this product as a more natural alternative to other dog shampoos . I HATE this shampoo ! I 've used it on 3 different dogs , including my own and I have to use 2-3 times as much as the other shampoos I use and this stuff costs twice as much already!It does NOT clean the animals very well , and leaves their coats feeling rather greasy and almost sticky -LRB- it 's also very hard to rinse off -- takes forever -RRB- I have a 2 year old black lab who is on an excellent diet -- holistic raw food and a little grain free dry and she has an exceptionally shiny coat . Well , it does NOT shine since I used this shampoo . I have given her two baths in two weeks because she just never felt clean after the first bath in the Buddy Wash. I will go back to using Desert Edge shampoo , or Miracle Coat or one of several others I have tried that all worked very well .
 I am giving this product 2 stars -LRB- instead of 1 -RRB- because it did a fine job and I liked the smell . If you are not very concerned about the ingredients in your dog shampoo , you may love this one . Unfortunately , I was looking for a natural shampoo for my dog , and since the ingredients list for this product was deceptive , I unknowingly bought it.The list of ingredients on the bottle -LRB- and on the internet -RRB- is
 We foundGlyco-Flex III Soft-Chews for Dogs , 120-CountandDVM Resources SynoviG3 Soft Chews , 240 Chewsto be effective for arthritic dogs , but `` Triple Joint Max '' to be a waste of money . I have to wonder if it actually contains what it claims to contain on the label . I do n't see how there could be such a significant difference in the effect is there is similar amounts of the same ingredients -LRB- compared to the other joint chews mentioned -RRB- . After just one week on the Synovi G3 , there is a visible improvement from what was seen on `` Triple Joint Max '' . If you do find your dog has some relief from this product , please try the others as well . You may , as we did , see a significant improvement in how your dog feels and behaves.I am dedicated to research and cross checking what I think/feel to be the truth . I have never been more sure that a product is not worth it 's price . For 10 % more money , you can receive a lot more relief for your pet . Do n't you owe them that ? In the months that we experiments with the more affordable joint chew , we saw serious degeneration . Because we had a donation of several packages , we tried the `` 1-800-pet meds '' brand joint ches in higher than recommended doses for 4 months -LRB- her decline seemed fairly steady for about 3 months then remained about the same -RRB- . I then tried `` Triple Joint Max '' for about 5 weeks . During that time she did not improve . In just 3 months , the dog we were treating with the `` cheap '' products deteriorated rapidly . It was so bad , she was screaming in pain at night . This dog went from being able to walk 5 miles with no issues , to only being able to walk 1/2 mile slowly . A switch back to the Synovi G3 showed significant improvement in just a week . At this rate , I would expect her to rebuild her muscle and be able to handle 4 mile walks within a month.Even though I know Synovi G3 works , I am open to seeing if there is indeed something that may be better . For this dog , I am going to switch to the Dasuquin chews for a few weeks and see what happens . I will report back.UPDATE
 I was very disappointed in this product . My dog 's movement did not improve at all ; however , I purchased the phy-cox chews and I have noticed a huge difference . In my opinion , the joint max chews are a waste of your money , but do try the phy coxPhyCox-JS Soft Chews -LRB- 60 Soft Chews -RRB- . They are amazing and completely worth the money . My lab was jumping around like a puppy within a few days of this purchase !!!
 Sorry , but the little dog turned up his nose at these `` Joint Max '' chews , so they would have been wasted , except that an acquaintance 's large dog does eat them.For both Glucosamine AND Chondroitin in a treat , there are three chewable products to consider with good reviews . `` Sea Jerky '' , made from ALL NATURAL sources , beef flavor . -LRB- search
 We foundGlyco-Flex III Soft-Chews for Dogs , 120-CountandDVM Resources SynoviG3 Soft Chews , 240 Chewsto be effective for arthritic dogs , but `` Triple Joint Max '' to be a waste of money . I have to wonder if it actually contains what it claims to contain on the label . I do n't see how there could be such a significant difference in the effect is there is similar amounts of the same ingredients -LRB- compared to the other joint chews mentioned -RRB- . After just one week on the Synovi G3 , there is a visible improvement from what was seen on `` Triple Joint Max '' . If you do find your dog has some relief from this product , please try the others as well . You may , as we did , see a significant improvement in how your dog feels and behaves.I am dedicated to research and cross checking what I think/feel to be the truth . I have never been more sure that a product is not worth it 's price . For 10 % more money , you can receive a lot more relief for your pet . Do n't you owe them that ? In the months that we experimented with the more affordable joint chews , we saw serious degeneration . Because we had a donation of several packages , we tried the `` 1-800-pet meds '' brand joint chews in higher than recommended doses for 4 months -LRB- her decline seemed fairly steady for about 3 months then remained about the same -RRB- . I then tried `` Triple Joint Max '' for about 5 weeks . During that time she did not improve . In just 3 months , the dog we were treating with the `` cheap '' products deteriorated rapidly . It was so bad , she was screaming in pain at night . This dog went from being able to walk 5 miles with no issues , to only being able to walk 1/2 mile slowly . A switch back to the Synovi G3 showed significant improvement in just a week . At this rate , I would expect her to rebuild her muscle and be able to handle 4 mile walks within a month.Even though I know Synovi G3 works , I am open to seeing if there is indeed something that may be better . For this dog , I am going to switch to the Dasuquin chews for a few weeks and see what happens . I will report back.UPDATE
 these pills are big enuff to choke a horse . also , they are not even close to the rx-level since it does n't have the same chemicals to kill the tapes or any other type w/o repeated treatment.these OTC 's really concern me as they are often misleading . i recommend you ALWAYS consult your vet before giving OTC 's -LRB- over the counter -RRB- to your pets.kr8zkat lady
 The deodorizer in this litter smells worse than the most rank catbox ! The first day I used this , I was sure my cat had sprayed somewhere in the house . I spent the entire day searching for the source of the odor and until I decided to clean the cat box , just in case my cat was sick and that was the smell . It was n't until I got close that I realized that the odor was the litter itself . Anything my cat had left behind had no odor but the litter , once in contact with urine , creates the worst smell imaginable . It is all over the house and no amount of air freshener or cleaning the box helps at all . Will never use this again .
 I purchased this product because my normal Tidy Cats litter was sold out . I left for a weekend vacation before using it , I had a pet sitter with my cat who refilled the litter box before I came home . When I first cleaned the box since coming home I noticed this sickly sweet odor . It smelled like rotted fruit . My first thought was that my cat was sick , because sweet smelling urine is a sign of diabetes or possible kidney disease in animals . I panicked and called my vet and almost put my elderly cat through invasive tests . I filled the box a day before my cat 's appointment and noticed the scent was the litter . I 'm beyond furious . Never purchasing this again .
 I bought this by default because I get my groceries via Amazon Fresh and they do n't have many litter choices . I have tried every type and brand under the sun and this one is sub par . The clumps do not form well and the urine goes straight to the bottom where it forms a sticky mud that is hard to scrape off . The clumps that do successfully form , I assume with small urine volumes , are crumbly and must be handled delicately to prevent separation . I filled my box a week ago and it needs to be completely dumped . I can usually go 2-3 weeks between complete changeovers when I use my preferred litter - Dr. Elsey 's Precious Cat . I sure wish Amazon Fresh would carry it . Do you hear me , Amazon gods ?
 This litter is lousy ! Urine does n't clump and instead goes to the bottom of the litter box and sticks to the sides . Then breaks apart and mixes with the clean litter when you try to scoop it up . It also reeks a strong ammonia smell when scoping it out .
 This is the worst cat litter I have ever tried . I just bought on Monday and washed out the litter box and filled with Tidy cat small spaces . The next morning my entire bedroom smelled like a foul citrusy dirty cat box , even though the box was fresh . The smell is nauseating and so strong , I had to move the box outside into the living room just to be able to sleep . I will never repurchase and have to wash and throw away all the entire new box in just 3 days of useage . The smell of the new litter is worse than that of a dirty old literbox , it is so bad !!
 As soon as I poured this stuff in the litterbox , my nose was assaulted by a very strong perfumey odor . There was nothing on the outside of the package to indicate that this was scented litter . I called the company and was told that all their cat litter is scented with a `` cucumber-melon '' fragrance.My nasal pasages felt like they were burning , so I ran right out and bought another brand . This was the first time I tried Tidy-Cat and it will definitely be the last . If it smelled that strong to me , imagine how the cat must have felt ! However , just to be fair I will also say that I am somewhat sensitive to perfumed products .
 Whoever said this smelled like rotten oranges after the first poop is completely correct . This litter is terrible . I think the main problem is that it does n't dry out the poop , so the smell lingers and mixes with the orange scent to create a horrific odor . Even scooping the litter box twice a day is not enough , and each time is an ordeal as you 're forced to face the powerful odor up close . Worse yet , it tracks like crazy . The only one positive this litter has is that there is no dust storm created when pouring into a litter box . I switched to Fresh Step Scoopable Multi-Cat , which does create a dust storm , but it 's 100 % better at controlling odor -LRB- since it does dry out poop -RRB- . After trying a slew of different cat litters , I think I 'll stick with that one . Odor is a huge issue for a small 1BR apartment , and Tidy Cat Small Spaces does NOT live up to its name .
 I have two indoor cats who eat a low-residue diet and I scoop the litter daily , so there 's never much waste in the cat box to begin with . I agree with others who say that it is great at deodorizing litter box odors ; I have n't smelled cat waste since I started using this . However , I wo n't be purchasing the product again because the deodorant in the litter smells absolutely disgusting . The best way I can describe it is overripe or rotting fruit ; to me there is nothing `` fresh '' or natural in the odor - just a cloying , overly sweet chemical smell -LRB- kind of like when oranges go moldy -RRB- . Not only is the scent very bad it is also very strong . I keep the litter box in the downstairs bathroom and I can smell the litter throughout the entire house . I just poured the last of the litter into the cat box tonight and am looking forward to buying my regular litter again this weekend ; it does n't contol cat waste odors as well , but frankly , cat waste smells less offensive than this stuff .
 My dog is an average chewer and he was able to tear chunks out of this immediately . I took it away from him because I did n't want him to choke on pieces or swallow them . Sadly , it was a waste of money .
 My dog chewed on this for about 10 min. , but then has n't touched it again . I ca n't speak to the bone 's durability since it did n't get much use . I was told not to give my dog rawhide , so I was looking for a safe alternative . Unfortunately , since my dog did n't like this bone , this was n't the answer .
 Small tub of this gunk was a bit too dry to cover my bulldog 's pills . he did n't seem to like the smell or taste either -LRB- he spit it out , but he 's pretty picky -RRB- .
 This ball is too large , very hard and dangerous to have in my house or outside . I can see an injury waiting to happen . I am throwing this in the trash before someone gets hurt . My big rotweiller at first was excited to play with it , but soon found out to huge to get her mouth on it and play ball . If I threw this ball for her to catch , she would get injured . This ball can be a weapon
 thought my labs would like the ball but they have barely given it a glance let alone play with it
 Our German Shepherd has had hours of endless fun with this ball . We thought we had finally found a ball he would not damage beyond use . He figured out pretty quickly how to use the plug on top to get a grip to carry it , but still played pushing it too . However after 2 months , we have now realised that his bottom incisors have worn down to below the enamel , and are very worried about how this will hurt him in the future . It is all well and good to want an indestructible dog toy , but with this you also need an indestructible dog !
 This ball is durable enough to not suffer punctures from my mini-Australian Shepherd who loves to herd a big ball . I ordered this one because it 's hard plastic . That 's the good news and bad news . It 's pretty heavy for a 25 lb dog to push around . She 's learning , but it 's frustrating , so she jumps and bites at it . I asked someone who trains herding dogs about that and she said she had two dogs that broke teeth on these ; one of those dogs broke a jaw . :-LRB- I 'm going to see if I can get my pooch to push this around from underneath rather than trying to nip at it . I am now looking , again , for this size of a herding ball that wo n't be easily punctured by her sharp little teeth and wo n't break them either .
 This ball was for my Border Collie mix who loves to push/roll balls around the yard with her front legs and chase them . This is very heavy and she has trouble pushing it with her nose when it gets stuck in a corner or behind an obstacle . I would not buy aother one of these . I wish it was a lighter weight material
 I have had one of these for years for my German Shepherds . They absolutely loved it , wore themselves out rolling it around the yard . One day my vet asked me about one of my dog 's lower teeth being worn down . I had n't noticed till then and said I did n't know what caused it . He was surprised my dog was n't in pain and he said she might need crowns if it got worse . I finally figured out it was the push-n-play ball . I looked closely at the ball and saw gouge marks she had made with her teeth . She loved so much trying to get the ball away from my feet as I dribbled it across the yard . I was sad to put the ball away for good . I now have a new German Shepherd and am looking for a replacement that wo n't wear down teeth , something made out of the Kong material . Maybe some dogs teeth are harder than others , I wo n't use this ball again .
 Our German Shepherd absolutely loves this ball . He pushes it around and loves for us to throw it for him to chase and herd back to us . We noticed his mouth bleeding one day and discovered his tooth was bleeding . After taking him to the vet we learned that he hits his canine teeth on the hard ball when he steers it with his head with his mouth open -LRB- usually barking with delight -RRB- . One tooth needs to be capped -LRB- $ 1,000 -RRB- and the other is damaged . Sadly , I can no longer recommend this toy even though it is truly indestructible and the dog does love it . Canine teeth are definitely NOT indestructible .
 The ball it 's self is fine but it is heavier then I expected . Because of it 's weight it is not a light push and my puppy lost interest in it fast . I was going to return it but the shipping charges and possible restock fee were almost as much as the ball .
 Though indestructible , which we needed with our 40 lb . puppy , this ball is too heavy . We hurt our toes/shins if we try to play with it with the dog , and the dog avoids it , because is just too heavy to stop without getting hurt . It is solid , hard plastic .
 Bought this for a mini-Schnauzer who can open his jaws hugely wide and pop even 30 '' playground balls.But this is too heavy for him . He CAN roll it around , but kicking it for him to chase is a sure broken toe , and throwing it invites him to run UNDER it before it lands , and it is heavy enough to squash dog flat.Doggone.Buy this only if you have a very , very large dog , or , better yet , a playful horse .
 This is the first toy that I have ever bought my dogs that they absolutely refuse to play with . I bought the 14 inch purple one and it is so hard they will not even go near it . My one dog runs away from it when it is rolled near him . I did not realize that there were hard and soft Jolly balls . This is like rolling a rock . Shame it is going to cost me almost 8 bucks to return it . I would never have ordered it if I had realized that it was hard
 My two labs love their Jolly Tug and so I got this thinking it would be the same thing , only without the handle . I was disappointed to find that it 's just a hard plastic ball and not the softer -LRB- but still very durable -RRB- material that the Jolly tug uses
 Ball is so so so heavy -- it 's like metal . My dog could not punch it with her nose and it sounds awful when it supposedly bounces . Not good .
 I got this for my large -LRB- 100 lb -RRB- dog , hoping for a soccer-sized ball that she would n't puncture with her teeth . It 's way too hard and heavy to play with ; I do n't want to kick it , I do n't want her to intercept it , and I do n't want it to hit anything with it , even outside . So I 'm still looking for a puncture proof doggie soccer ball that wo n't shread like the foam ones do .
 this is a big ball for my 12 lb schnoodle . Too big I think . It 's like a hard plastic material so , no bounce and he 's not able to grab it also because of the size . I tried just rolling it to him to get him to play with it , but , it just rolled loudly and he just stared at it . I do n't think he ever plays with it .
 First off , I 'll start with the good
 This item is described as `` Guaranteed Indestructible '' . My dog loved it but after playing just a few times with it , it is leaking . Really disappointed . Company is also not very accomodating and poor customer service . I ordered it for Christmas but was not notified it was out of stock . Finally got my order on January 19th .
 The ball has a hole in it near the top which has shard edges . The seam around the ball is also enough to cut your dog 's nose after about 30 minutes of play time . There needs to be a soft padding around it .
 I think my dog would love the ball . Unfortunately , when it arrived , it was clearly not what I had hoped for . The seam , where the two halves of the ball come together , had multiple leaks ... some so large I could see inside ! How could this get past quality control ? Overall the ball is solid because of the thickness of the material , but I can not put water/sand in it at all because it immediately leaks out through the holes . Very , very displeased .
 After less than a week , we had to take this toy away from the dog . Here 's the problem.Our dog loved his small -LRB- 10-inch -RRB- jolly ball and tried to play soccer with it . He also kept trying to pick it up , and it got very scratched and rough . We thought that buying a larger one would solve that problem . He ca n't get his mouth around it , it 's true ; but there is a problem . The larger sizes have a removable plug so that you can fill the ball with water . The plug is in a recessed `` hole '' in the ball -- which gives the dog a place to bite on . His teeth made deep gashes in the `` indestructible '' plastic . The rough edges then scratched his nose to the point of bleeding . I do not see any large versions of this ball without the plug . So , if your dog is at all inclined to use his mouth , this toy is NOT a good choice .
 Made of hard plastic so it 's very noisy when rolling around and into things . My dog never took a liking to it . He pawed at it a few times and now it just sits in the room , lonely , waiting for a chance at redemption.I think the hard plastic lacks the `` fun '' while the magnitude ensures that they ca n't get their mouths around it . Not being a dog , I ca n't be positive , but I assume that `` squish '' and `` ability to fit in mouth '' are two relatively high priorities in the dog world and this lacks in both .
 We bought the small version of this ball for our German Shepherd when she was a puppy ... she eventually punctured the plastic and would get her tooth stuck in it . We bought the larger one ... our other GSD had a similar ball that was much harder and could never destroy ... but even the larger size was no match for the canine teeth of this GSD . It is now SHREDDED ! Unfortunatley , the shards can and have been swallowed ... luckily the dog vomited them soon after . She LOVES it ! We love that she loves it ... but it is just too dangerous for a dog that can get her teeth into the plastic . sadness ...
 I have a very healthy , very large , very energetic German shepherd who absolutely loves to play with any toy he ca n't immediately destroy . The fact is I 'd rather him destroy them over and over again as to go outside like I did today and find his nose swollen because he has played with the 14 '' jolly ball all day . It 's true , he does seem to love it and it keeps him busy all day long , but I had to get rid of it when I noticed his nose was as swollen as bad as it was . It may not be a mediate health concern but at this pace it will only be a matter of time before I have to take him to the vet due to respiratory issues . This toy is meant for horses , not for K9 's . It 's absolutely too hard for there noses . If your dog is as important to you is mine is to me you might reconsider . I was really hoping this would work out and it did for a week or so , but not I 'm going to continue my search for a better product that is comparable while at the same time is not a liability .
 After it took my 4-year-old 67-pound female Lab-Ridgeback mix Cody about 30 minutes to destroy theJolly Pet 6 '' Teaser Ball RedI got for her from Amazon , I decided to try the Jolly Pet 10 '' Push-n-Play ball in part because the information on the Amazon site said `` Guaranteed indestructible . '' Yeah , right!Although Cody enjoyed pushing this all around the patio with her nose and paws , and chasing it when I kicked it , she quickly figured out that if she got it against something , she could gnaw on it . Even though it 's way too big for her to get in her mouth , she could still scrape her big canine teeth along its surface . After about an hour of play , the ball looked like someone had taken a cheese grater to it ! DEEP 2 - to 3-inch gouges all over the surface , with shreds of plastic sticking up like bits of grated cheese.It was very obvious that Cody would completely destroy the ball in a few days , so I had to take it away from her . I was very concerned about the possibility of her swallowing the plastic shards . I was also afraid that she might damage her teeth trying to bite the ball or cut her gums and tongue on the sharp plastic pieces that were sticking up all over the surface of the ball.I called Amazon and they graciously agreed to take back both balls and refund my money.Yea for Amazon ; BOO on Jolly Pet !
 For those of you that purchase play balls for your horses . This is not soft and does not have a handle . My horses did not like it as they do n't play soccer . Got confused with &#34; The Jolly ball &#34; I normally buy .
 This is not the product I thought I was ordering , and not as entertaining to dogs as the toy I thought I was purchasing -LRB- Jolly Ball , rubber with pull handle -RRB-
 This ball basically just sits in my yard now . When I bought it , I was thinking it was similar to a `` ball pit '' ball in thickness , but it is much thicker . My dog wants to play with it , but when she runs at it , I am afraid she is going to hurt herself . This might be a good toy for an elephant , but not a dog .
 At first this was the BEST toy ever . he LOVED it ! But after playing for a while I noticed that both of his front feet were swollen terribly -LRB- they looked like balls themselves -RRB- . I had to take him to the vet and get xrays and prescription anti-inflammatory medication ! What an expensive mistake . The ball is just too hard !
 Hi I 'm Max , a part Belgian Malinois & part German Shephard . I weight about 50lbs & love to play with big toys . I even have an old basket ball I love to play with . I do n't know how I can possibly be expected to play with a toy I ca n't hold in my mouth or chew on . If my owner knew this was made of plastic he never would have bought it . He thought that when it said `` Push '' it said `` Plush '' . Who has ever heard of us playing with a `` PUSH '' toy . What are we supposed to do with a `` PUSH '' toy . Am I supposed to play soccer or something ??? That would be a helluva trick . Then I could be on David Letterman . Do n't buy this for a dog . It would make a good baby toy maybe . It is baby safe unless they throw it . Maybe they can `` PUSH '' it though .
 I consider my dog a moderate chewer and at about 25 lbs he 's not the sturdiest dog around . I gave him this flexi chew bone and within about 3 to 4 minutes he was biting off decent sized chunks and trying to eat them -LRB- some successfully -RRB- . I had to remove the bone after I noticed this and do n't plan to give it back to him at any point . I 'd say this product is for LIGHT chewers , if any at all . Very disappointed .
 My dogs like to chew but did not like them all that well . After one chocked on rawhide I was willing to try any thing , They do love elk antlers and do not chock them .
 My dog liked it but it did n't last at all , and at the same time I was worrying because it 's made of plastic and my dog would just chew it into pieces and swallow them , for small breed puppies might be good , but my small breed adult dog can easily break it .
 the product picture shows rabbits comfortably in it with sufficient space and all . In reality , nope . i doubt any will ever fit . its so small , its almost a scam . Totally misleading .
 My rabbit is a dwarf and weighs 31/2 lbs ... There is no way he can fit in this tunnel ... The tunnel is shorter and smaller than pictured ... I would not recommend this tunnel for rabbits at all ... Yes a much smaller animal ... If I did not have to bother with shipping costs and post office lines I would definitely return this ... I did not receive what I thought I was purchasing.The good thing is that if my rabbit could fit in it , it seems to be sturdy and made of good quality . Hope you find this review helpful .
 I ordered the super pet crinkle tunnel labeled as LARGE , and was shocked when it arrived to discover that it 's very tiny . It states that it is for rabbits but no bunny over 4 weeks old would fit in this tunnel . It was so small . I have to return it and look for something that can accommodate a average size rabbit of 6 lbs or more .
 I have baby rabbits and they ca n't even fit in this . I have no idea how any rabbit could get into this tunnel . May be better for small guinea pigs .
 I have two 6 week old bunnies and this is the perfect size for them . The problem is that I expected it to be twice the size it is , so they can use it when they 're adults -LRB- 3-4 lbs -RRB- . They probably will only be able to use it for another month or two until they out grow it .
 This is for small animals . We got this for our 4 month old kitten and it is way too small .
 The picture that was shown on this product was a full size rabbit inside the tunnel so I assumed my cats would fit in it no problem . Ya well , my hand barely fits in it . It 's hecka tiny . So if you have anything bigger than a mouse , dont waste your money .
 I purchased this item based off of the accumulated average reviews and the picture without actually reading the reviews or looking at the dimensions on the listing . This is the only reason why it got the two stars I gave it , the first is for it 's well made construction and the fact that they listed the actual dimensions but I just did n't look at them so it 's my fault this thing is completely useless to me . Make sure you go and get a ruler and familiarize yourself with how small the 6 '' diameter that this tunnel is and you will realize that about 60 % of you will not have a rabbit that will fit in it . The picture is completely misleading , and they even have `` oversized '' written on the front of the package like that is supposed to change the fact that this thing is tiny . If you are a ferret owner , or have a very small bunny , this thing is great , buy it . Otherwise , spring for the blue and white one petco sells on here that is 5 ' long and 10 '' tall.I really , really wish I could have given this a better review ...
 I saw the rave reviews from other rabbit owners and thought I would give this a try . I have two very young Holland Lops and figured even if they did outgrow it they would get some fun out of it for a while . They are 10 weeks old right now and weight just over 2 pounds . Some of the reviewers have said that their 4 pound buns are able to go in . Maybe my 2 pound buns are just too fluffy or we have n't tried hard enough but the first words out of my mouth when I opened it were `` They 're not going to fit '' . They probably CAN fit in it right now but I think that they are a bit freaked out because it seems like such a small space so they are hesitant to want to try . So buyer beware ... this is probably great for cavies -LRB- guinea pigs -RRB- or small bunnies but your bun may soon outgrow it or be afraid to go into something so small . If they change their mind and fall in love with the thing I will update my review !
 The advertised picture is misleading , I have two average sized lionhead rabbits and they have to squirm like worms to get through this tunnel . For ferrets , guiny pigs , and hamsters it will do just fine . I think this would be too small for dwarf rabbits too . It does crinkle and scrunch up nicely for storage . If it was larger , I would give it 5 stars but I can not use it as it is .
 The photo shows a bunny playing in this tunnel , but it is WAY too small for animals bigger than a guinea pig .
 I have a pet rabbit that weigths 3 pounds and is 11 '' tall . This product was way too small and the picture did not represent the actual product AT ALL . I feel betrayed !
 This thing looks like it fell of a shirt . We have a dwarf rabbit that is all American -LRB- fat -RRB- but he 's not that big -LRB- still Honda size -RRB- and he ca n't get into it at all . This is for mice or pixies.The picture is fake .
 I bought this product over a year ago . I loved the idea of not having to clean the litter box regularly . I 've had a Littermaid in the past where the rake got all disgusting so we stopped using it . This sounded like a great idea , and the reviews on Amazon were so positive that I thought I would give it a try . My cats are the sweetest , most docile cats I 've ever owned -LRB- I 've had many cats all my life -RRB- , so I never thought it would be difficult to get them acclimated . When it got here , I followed the instruction to put the Scoop Free next to their regular litter box that contained Fresh Step clumping litter . I put some Fresh Step litter in the Scoop Free . I did n't clean their regular litter box to encourage my 2 cats to use the new one . Well , one of our cats used the Scoop Free a couple of times . However , he would still prefer to use the old box even when it was filled to the brim with clumps . The other cat , however , refused to use the Scoop Free box . She was also upset that her old litter box was so dirty . She protested by starting to poop on the laundry room floor . After trying various ways to encourage her to use the Scoop Free over a couple months , I gave up . Neither were using it anyway . I was tired of cleaning cat poop from the floor , especially since we have 2 small children . Fast forward a year , my cat who started pooping on the floor took a liking to it . After going back to her usual litter box , she still has not stopped pooping on the floor . She never would have picked up this habit if it was n't for me trying to get her to use the Scoop Free . Well , I would n't say never , but she 's already 10 and had never pooped on the floor in her life . Now , I am at war with her trying to figure out ways to encourage her to poop in the litter box with regular litter . I thought I was winning by moving the litter box out of the laundry room to another location . It worked for more than a week , but yesterday and today , she has decided to poop on the floor next to the litter box again . Sigh ...
 At first I thought it was great . The cat likes it and loves to watch it clear itself . Now the cat uses it to poo but not to pee . There is way !!! to much cat litter . When it cleans itself it trys to pulls half the cat litter into the SMALL cardboard tray . I still have to clean the box once a week which I guess is better than three times a day . I guess our cat poos a lot . The poo does get stuck in the prongs from time to time and that is your que to clean the tray out . I also do n't like that the cat really shuffles the litter around before he goes so it sets the sensor off and we have to shake the box often or just push the button to get it to run . That is kind of anoying . I think they really need to make some adjustments to the box but if you have an older cat that does n't dig a lot or poop a lot then this is the box for you . Be aware though you will most likely have to clean it every week . I had to actually flip the lid around so the cat would push the litter away from the tray . He was helping push the litter into the tray so it would fill up clean litter and the poop would get stuck in the grid . All in all it 's not to bad !!
 THIS IS JUST THE HOOD . Was not what was pictured or advertised . Close to 30 dollars for just the hood , wish it was n't so dificult to return items . They even went as far as telling me it was shipping in seperate packages . Complete rip off DO NOT USE THIS VENDOR !! ScoopFree Automatic Litter Box Privacy Hood
 My two cats refused to get in the litter box after I put the hood on so off it came . Would have returned it but it is so big and I had disposed of box it came in . My mistake ! I will find a shelter to donate it to if I can find one that can use it . I think it just is n't high enough for my cats to feel comfortable going into . My cats are 11 years old and kinda `` set in their ways '' so I did n't try to train them to it , maybe a younger cat would adapt to it .
 Terrible stinky and the cat hated it . It was only ok for 5days . Took ages to come a total waste of time and money
 it arrived dry , mostly dead . I guess i was kind of expecting that . I ordered this -LRB- because it was inexpensive -RRB- in the event that i could n't find any once I got home for the holidays . I was making little terrariums for Christmas gifts , and I found lovely moss by a creek near my parents ' home , so I did n't end up using this product , so I ca n't attest to whether or not the meager green bits stay green or not . Either way , just do n't ...
 I have purchased this type of trolley shown in the ad . The trolley itself that is shown does not last long with an active dog .
 I bought this thinking it would keep my dog from pulling , because people have told me it was the only way they could control their dog . Even though it did n't make sense , I thought I would give it a try . This would be great if you want your dog to pull you on skates or something . It gave the dogs a tremendous amount of pulling power . Harnesses are for sled dogs . It was shipped quickly and was as described .
 The description says it fits between 12-20 inches . When I got the product it was ONLY 12 inches long . Does not fit my dog . Waste of money . It was too cheap to send back after shipping , I would only get a couple dollars back.Disappointed
 Product does not work . SAVE YOUR MONEY!I really wanted this product to work . Unfortunately . . like others before . . this product is no different . Waste of my time and money . The stain remover did not work AT ALL either.I guess nothing works on cat urine !
 I purchased the product based on the high reviews it had gotten . I followed the instructions to the last letter hoping to be rid of the urine smell . However , after hours of cleaning and to my dismay , I realized that the smell was still very potent and my cat went right back to the spot to urinate . I wasted my money for nothing .
 After spending almost $ 100 for this product and hoping that it would work as stated , I was very disappointed . I followed the instructions to the letter , even steam cleaning my carpet , but the stain remover and the odor remover did n't work . It DID temporarily remove the odor but the next day it was back . It did n't remove even a small amount of the stain nor did it totally remove the odor . Am very disappointed .
 We just installed oneof these in our kitchen door to find out that it can not be securely shut - allowing easy entry from the outside of unwanted humans or animals -LRB- and cold air -RRB- . The `` closer '' is very , very thin bendable plastic with only a few small plastic slips holding it in place on the inside . It also has a `` flimsy '' plastic latch . It took my medium sized dogs a few minutes to scratch their way in from the outside when the `` closer '' was in place . I was able to push it in with my hand with very little pressure . Living in a woodsy area with bears and raccoons I am very worried that I will have an unwanted visitor when I am NOT home . We are so disastisfied we are buying a whole new kitchen door and will shop carefully for a dog door that is actually safe to put in a door . It is also very energy inefficient and allows in a lot of cold air . Poor quality product !
 Unfortunately this product does not work at all for my dog !! It is not worth the money at all ... I would not suggest this item to anyone !!
 This product is actually a PetSafe Model PUSB-300 : PetSafe UltraLight Sonic Bark Collar Attachment , PUSB-300although it costs a total of $ 15.98 more.Thirty-five reviews of the PUSB-300 resulted in a two-star average . This does not correlate well with the two five-star reviews for this `` Sonic Bark Collar . '' I will be trying the collar for the first time today and am hoping for the best , but for now I 'm giving it two stars as that is what the PUSB-300 has averaged . -LRB- I will update this review after I 've evaluated its efficacy . -RRB- If you want to try the PUSB-300 , it can be purchased for as little as $ 29.12 with free shipping at the above link.Update 4-27-12
 I have to say that I bought it for my Yorkie . big mistake . The vibration is too powerful for small dogs and it 's heavy ! The video that it comes with does n't even feature the clipper . The dog groomer uses cordless clippers throughout the video . Maybe this clipper would work well for bigger dogs .
 The litter is hard clumping and I like it for that . But I agree that the perfumed litter is horrid , nasty stuff . I did n't have dust problems , but my cat seemed to absorb the perfume through his feet . His fur reeked of the `` Fresh '' scent and my hands did , too , every time I petted him . Before long , the entire house smelled of cheap perfume from this litter.I switched to Unscented and am much happier . I have to believe my cat is , too .
 I never thought I would find myself writing a review for cat litter . But here I am , writing a review on Amazon.com for cat litter . Why ? Because this is the most horrible cat litter I have ever used and I do n't want people wasting their money on something that not only does n't work but makes the situation worse!I did n't buy this from Amazon and I doubt many if any would , but I only used the product once ; it went out to the dumpster after just a few days . First of all , the box says 99.9 % dust free but when I poured it into the litter box a huge cloud of dust rose up , got in my nose and filled my bathroom with a horrible stench . The smell is like bad perfume that certain people feel the need to completely douse themselves in . And , like said perfume it permeates everywhere it touches . I swear it 's like some alien dust spore that wants to assimilate with anything it touches . And for an alien dust spore , it does n't even cover up the smell of ... well of what it 's supposed to cover up . So not only do you have a horrible perfume stench , but also the underlying current of poop.I do n't have a huge apartment , but I can smell it everywhere now . But even worse , it clings to your cats ! My poor cat has had two baths in as little days in order to get the alien spawn off of her . And she 'll need another bath shortly I assume simply because the stench is there . Lurking.In all seriousness , I would n't recommend this product at all . There is truth to my ramblings above in the majority of everything I said . I would stick with Arm and Hammer brand Super Scoop or Fresh Step . Because you may laugh it off , but do you really want to take the chance of allowing a potentially foul-smelling , dust-filled , and non-poop-covering alien spore in your house ?
 it was ok ... i was desperate for my dog so it helped me psychologically giving him this .
 More ignorance on this so called breed . Simply reading the summary indicates the lack of fundamental understanding this `` author '' has . `` Pit Bull '' is a term given to dog breeds that share common traits including square heads , thick chests , et cetera . References are normally towards American Staffordshire Terriers as well as Boxers . Stick to training your dog and respecting him or her just as you would any other dog and pass up this `` breed '' specific trite .
 While I 'm sure many kitties love the stuff mine did n't want to get near it . Too bad , I thought she would and I could mix her medicine in it .
 I purchased this toy because my small 10 lb . dog destroys all his toys . I figured because it was a Kong it would last a little while . It did not . He had it totally destroyed in a few hours . I removed the squeaker because I figured it was the noise that was making him destroy his toys but I was wrong . This toy if not for chewers of any kind . It is really no different than any other toy on the market and should n't be described as durable .
 My little Pekingese loved this toy , however , it did n't even last through an hour of play . I was pulling fur out of his mouth.He was very upset when I had to take it from him , so was I because he really seemed to like it.Oh well , the hunt is on again for a quality pet toy . Most are just not up to snuff . I will add this one to that list.Kong does not impress me anymore , I will search for a better brand .
 I think they sent me the wrong duck toy as it is almost too small for my Papillon , tiny toy and it came with no squeeker inside of it , but they sent an extra squeeky , so I did end up at least with one to put inside it . They must have sent an extra small and the description says small .
 Just received this little duck yesterday . My puppy played with for about 30 minutes squeaking it like crazy yesterday . Then today she played with it for about 15 minutes & when I turned around she had the duck chewed open & was eating the squeaker . I do n't know if the material was too thin or what but it was worse than chewing open one with stuffing , at least they have to get past the stuffing to get to the squeaker . I would not buy again & would not recommend .
 I bought this product several months ago for my dog and she loved it . Especially nice to take the squeaker out so it 's not so annoying . However I wanted to get another one for my parents ' dog but when I received this one , it was so much smaller . I know it was made for a small dog but it was like I got the extra small one . I was really disappointed .
 The product lasted about 5 minutes with my dog ... total waste of money . I am not satisfied with the quality of the item .
 My dog would choke to death on this product . I ca n't believe that no where do you say how tiny it is.I will return for FULL credit .
 my dog had this toy for 5 min . before it was in pieces with the squeeker in her mouth . i thought Kong toys where ment to be sturdier than that . thank goodness i was in the same room . what a piece of junk . i guess you get what you pay for . if i could rate it a minus star i would i 'm so upset . dangerous toy , dont buy
 It was a good thing . to get this for free . it a good thing that I can use it . I would get again . You should try it today or tomorrow
 I bought this one b/c of amazon reviews and wasted $ 5 b/c of it . The word `` kong '' is misleading . This is not a durable toy and within 2 minutes or less my dog chewed it to bits
 The people who make this toy , Kong , make terrific hard rubber toys but the plush toys are awful . My little dog managed to break the first squeeky in 15 minutes , the replacement squeeky lasted a few minutes longer . When the sewing started to unravel the next day - into the trash it went . It was the first toy my dog managed to destroy in less than 24 hours .
 This was given to a four pound Yorkie and within a few days was rubbish . Squeaker stopped and it began to fall apart .
 This toy may be okay for some really small dogs , but after a few minutes my young lab -LRB- less than a year -RRB- tore this to pieces .
 This toy was too small for my 70lb dog to really enjoy . No stuffing to pull out makes it nice but then again that 's apparently part of the fun .
 My dog ripped out the squeaker and destroyed it within 15 minutes . This is no higher quality than any other toy out there ... it just has less stuffing to be ripped out . It it also TINY ! My dog is 14 pounds and the toy is too small for him . It is definitely not meant for a 25 pound dog , like the ad states .
 Purchased through Amazon ... cute toy but did n't last a day . My small dogs are n't destructive of their toys but these had holes and were unstitched in less than an hour .
 Our 23 pound medium golden doodle manages to destroy all stuffed toys , so we were excited to hear about this toy as it sounded more durable . However , she managed to pull apart the nose and pull all the stuffing out in under 30 minutes . So it 's not as durable as it seemed . Great toy though , but it 's not a toy for aggressive chewers .
 Looks like a great concept with the velcro to be able to take out the squeaker for washing or to replace it . Execpt my little chewer ripped one side of the velcro right out of the stitching in the first ten minutes of play.She then proceeded to rip off pieces of the beak , foot , hair , stuffing ... what a mess . Glad it was so cheap , I have to throw it out after a couple days use.Might be good if you dog does n't chew at things aggresively , but if it does then I would n't bother with this .
 Frankie , our eight month old twelve pound Dachshund destroyed the Kong Platy Duck in approximately forty five minutes . The small size is extra small . I do not understand the point of the additional squeaker . What does Kong expect the customer to do with a few pieces of ripped cloth and fuzz ?
 Let 's face it , squeaky toys are not much fun once they stop squeaking . That 's what this little duck did about a week after I purchased it .
 I 'd be happy to order this on Amazon if it were n't such a diluted product.The same company , Botanical Laboratories , also owns the Symtec brand of Joint Movement liquid for human consumption , which has about three times the concentration of glucosamine , chondroitin , and MSM that their doggy product has , for about the same price at Costco.So for now , it 's 3 tablespoons for me , and one for my German Shepherd dog Pepper , every day until Botanical Laboratories decides to even up the score -- and I 'm sure Pepper would prefer Bacon over Mixed Berry flavor !
 Great product for my oldest Lab . She will be 16 in September . Used to get it at Walgreen 's , but for some reason , they quit handling it Highly recommend for dog owners who have pets with hip and arthritus problems .
 So I received this today in the mail and it was in perfect condition . I had read some reviews about them arriving cracked/damaged . After about 9 hours of use in the 90 degree heat of my leopard gecko 's tank I heard a crack and the upper half of the cave -LRB- not the lower half that takes all the heat from the UTH -RRB- split in half . I 'll be getting my money back .
 Already had one of the caves , reason for purchase of anotherone . The new one is molded to thin , it was cracked in half.A lot of this was due to poor packing . The quality of thisone vs the one I already have can not be compared . poor , poor , poor
 I bought one of these -LRB- from elsewhere -RRB- and it arrived with the bottom in slivers . The replacement sent to me also arrived lightly cracked , but I just went with it , and as I 've used it -LSB- and not even under heat ! -RSB- the tiny hairline cracks have spread , - audibly - , until that was was not usable either at the fear of harming my geckos.The problems lies in the fact that these things are hollow and made of quite a cheap brittle plastic that simply does not hold up in the mail , and I 'm not even sure after seeing those cracks spread how well they will hold up during normal use . They just do n't seem structurally sound . The body needs to be solid and not hollow . Check the amazon reviews for the Large Hide , there are similar reviews to mine.Great idea but not worth the headache .
 I really wanted to give this product a nice rating and review , because my children 's python has done so well with the small size . It was durable , easy to clean , and a good price . But I ca n't . She 's now outgrown the small size which served me so well , so I ordered the medium size , expecting the same quality and durability . Unfortunately , that has not been the case . The first time it arrived the lip that holds the lid on was cracked , broken , and crumbling in several places . I exchanged it , and the replacement has just arrived . I was disappointed to find that this time the lid had a small chip out of the bottom of it , and the inner paint appears to be peeling . I 'm just going to sand down the sharp edge and the peeling paint so they 're not an issue to my reptile and use this one rather than exchange again , but I 'm bitterly disappointed at such poor quality in what was in the past such a fine product.Part of the problem seems to be the packaging . Not amazon 's packaging , which is done very well , but the disintegrating styrofoam and the careless way the two pieces are placed right against each other in the product 's box . However , from the cracks and crumbling pieces and the peeling paint , I can tell it 's not all packaging . The product seems poorer quality and more fragile than in the past . It 's thin and somewhat brittle , and from the other not so glowing reviews I 've read , I can see I 'm not the only one to experience this . I can see now why none of my local pet supply stores stock them . I do n't know if this has just been a bad batch or if they 've changed something lately that has lowered the quality , but either way , it is a subpar product , and I think in the future I might just try to find a similarly designed equivalent product with a better record of quality.I really was hoping this product would be as wonderful as the small size version I bought 2 years ago , but it 's not , and I do n't think I would recommend this product to other reptile owners after this experience . When proper quality , this product is a wonderful humid hide that 's easy to clean , affordable , durable , and comfortable for a reptile , but with such high chances of receiving this product damaged or brittle enough to damage soon after arrival , I would think twice about ordering this again.EDIT
 First one cracked , second one just got -- washed it off , and cracked . Junk ! It 's still cracking as I type this . I did manage to get a crack on video . It 's cracked so loudly it made me jump . Yes , that bad ! Unreal ! STAY CLEAR AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !
 I have a leopard gecko and his setup is deeser themed . This hide cave is colored green and brown . So it would work for tropical theme . And the enter opening hole is small . To small for a adult gecko . I ordered the med hide cave . The cave itself is big but small opening
 I rescued two kittens from the side of the road and guessed they were between 3-4 weeks old . I bought this nursing bottle kit for the kittens and the nipples lasted one feeding each . Three nipples-three feedings . It also took me about a half hour to puncture the nipple because you want the liquid to be able to flow but not too much where it causes aspiration . The bottle itself was good but the nipples are not very strong . The kittens gnawed on the nipples while feeding , causing the rubber to completely come apart . These babies barely have teeth , none in the front , so I am very disappointed in this product . The only time I would use this product is if your kittens are 0-2 weeks old . Once their teeth come in , forget it .
 We have a 10 year old cat who is extremely finicky and he absolutely , positively would not even taste this . We tried many different ways -LRB- going through several cans -RRB- including just a teaspoon full with his normal canned food and he would take one sniff and walk away . We were very disappointed because we had read several great reviews . The company was wonderful and are allowing us to return the rest of the cans -LRB- we bought an entire case -RRB- . So , only buy a few cans at first to see if your cat will eat this . On the other hand , we also bought the dry kibble made by Instinctive Choice and my cat LOVES this . Go figure .
 The food is Ok , but the 3 oz . cans are just too small to feed a multiple cat household . The cost of the shipping is ridiculous and they do tack on tax , makes this a ridiculous financial burden .
 Recommended by our Vet and I 'm sure it 's very healthy , but taste or smell did n't cut it as none of our cats -LRB- 3 -RRB- would touch it .
 Orders are incorrect ; sales people have no idea what is going on and are unfriendly . I am surprised that Amazon has partnered with them .
 I have a 35-pound 6-month old Keeshond , who I would classify as a `` moderate '' chewer . I bought her this bone because she enjoys chewing things with a little bit of `` give , '' and the Durachew Nylabones seemed to be too hard to hold her interest for extended periods . Indeed , after some insecurity about this bone , my Keeshond took to it just fine . She seemed to enjoy lying on the floor , munching away on it for several minutes at a time . After the first session , I saw that her favorite chewing end had begun to fray , but the instructions stated that such fraying is normal and that the surface of the bone is designed to fragment into small pieces the size of a grain of rice , which are miniscule enough to pass through the dog 's digestive tract without creating any dangerous or life-threatening obstructions.However , after only a couple more chewing sessions , I noticed that her favorite chewing end was wearing down to the point that nearly an entire nub was gone . Luckily for both of us , I never left her unattended while she was chewing on this bone . Earlier today , during one of her play sessions with the bone , I looked down and saw the bone lying on the floor , with my dog standing above it chewing on and trying to swallow something . The thing she was chewing on fell out of her mouth and I quickly swooped in to pick it up
 I use Fresh Step Premium Scoopable Clumping Cat Litter - which wo n't filter through this scooper . The mesh is too tight . On top of that , the scooper is cheaply made - a disapointment compared to the picture . I 'm throwing it out and buying something else .
 Poor quality and product . will not work with weight limit designated . Do not buy this be unless your dog weighs under 25 lbs . !!! Will be returning this bed !
 My problem is with Amazon , when you receive a faulty cartridge that does n't work , there is no way to return it or get a free replacement for it , you 're just stuck with it . I received 2 cartridges recently and both were bad and there 's no way to get a refund or replacement .
 There must be something wrong with the cartridge ... it completely emptied as soon as I put it in . Maybe it is a re-manufactured one . Did arrive quickly and price was reasonable until it was all used up at once .
 The item description is not clear on this point . These cartridges are for a Cat Genie model no longer in production and DO NOT work with the current model 120 . Item description should clearly state this fact and direct the buyer to the correct item . I bought these to have on hand and now they are beyond the return date .
 The Cat 's out of solution and the cartridge did not work . Turns out they have two different cat genies and cartridges . They look exactly alike . How Stupid Amazon will not accept returns . How Stupid . The Cat 's mad .
 When I ordered three of these , nowhere in the product description was it indicated that this solution does n't work with CatGenie 120s . This is the first time in several years of shopping through Amazon that I have felt misled by a product ordered through them . If you are considering buying the `` smart cartridge , '' look at the buttons on your CatGenie control panel . If they are gold-colored , this product will not work !
 You would think that a product that was `` Enviromentally Friendly '' would come in recyclable packaging , but it does not . The actual clear packing plasic is not marked for recycling and neither is the cartridge.It would also only be 2/3rds empty and it would be `` EMPTY '' and there was still a LOT of solution left in it ! With 3 cats , we 'd go through 2 cartidges in one week ! Was n't worth it anymore!I 'm selling my CatGenie on Ebay .
 Although I knew the amount included in the product , we were still amazed at how little food there is in this container . Our two fish likes the food OK , but we 'll be buying the stuff from the pet store next time that comes in the much larger container .
 My late betta would only eat them dried worms . She would always spit back out the pellets contained within this fish food . Perhaps my betta is not acclimated to this product ? So I gave 2 stars instead of 1 .
 I was trying to experiment with alternatives to Feline Pine so I decided to give this a try . First , the smell of the pellets themselves is terrible ... reminded me of old Pizza Hut ... and not in a good way . Second , it does n't absorb odors NEARLY as well as Feline Pine , which masks it -LRB- for my three cats -RRB- for several days ... this did n't even last several hours . Plus , the tracking was TERRIBLE in comparison . If you want a pine litter , stick to Feline Pine ... this is n't worth the money at all .
 Well , we had one of those litter systems that you put the chips in the top and the pee comes down into the pee pad . I tried these pellets instead since I did n't like how dirty the reusable pellets were . I think this is good if you are trying to be organic . The pee turns these pellets into sawdust . The poop just waits for you . I have to use something more powerful to still love my cats .
 I was not happy with this litter.It 's messy and does n't last as long - moving on to the next one .
 I bought this item for one of my dogs who loves to chew . A few minutes after I gave this to my dog , I found pieces of it everywhere , so I had to take it from her because I did n't want her to ingest them . Unfortunately , it just did n't stand up to what it was intended for - chewing - and I just wasted my money .
 I have 3 dogs . None of them want to have anything to do with this Nylabone ! I always buy new things to try out , with a chance of at least one of them would be fond of different toys/chews . Usually that is the case . One of them loves the rope toys , another one goes for rawhides and third one is in love with antlers . Nylabone on the other hand , did n't even get a second look from any of them . Disappointed ...
 I 've used the Nylabones for my dogs -LRB- Pugs -RRB- for a while now . I 've always thought they were safe and that the little pieces that to break off were harmless to a dog . This was my impression from reading about them.I was almost dead wrong . I stress the ` almost ' as $ 2,300 in vet bills later , my dog is recovering . She had 3 dime - to quarter-size chunks permanently lodged in her stomach that resulted in a blockage . A blockage that resulted in 4 days of vomiting bile and loosing 10 % of her body weight.Be warned and stay away from this product .
 I purchased 4 of these for my yellow lab . We usually buy the chicken flavored ones at a store , but I bought these on amazon because they were on sale . They are a noticeably different color , which I assumed was due to the liver flavor . They are also a noticeably different texture than the nylabones I have purchased at a retail store . I also noticed that my dog destroyed them much faster than the others as well . A couple days after giving one to my dog I noticed large white chunks of sharp nylon in her stool . This is extremely dangerous . I will be trying to return the other 3 soon .
 I had heard some good things about the Nylabones so thought I 'd give it a try . We have an 8 year old Golden who 's a moderate chewer , and a 6 months old Golden who 's a crazy chewer . Neither of them have given this &#34; bone &#34; more than 30s of attention during the last month . I think it 's just to hard dull . Based on this , and all the reviewers who seems to have problem with broken molars from these bone , I would n't recommend them . I think natural alternatives like beef bones and hoofs are a better alternative . I also tried an edible puppy chew -LRB- the large breed variant -RRB- from Nylabone . It took our puppy literally 90s to eat the whole thing ... I expected a little more for an $ 8 bone to say the least ...
 I initially started my dog off on these as the gummy version was too easy for her to tear apart . A few months later during my vet visit , she noticed my dog had two slab fractures on her molars . Granted , my dog would tear into these , but now she has ruined her teeth and may require a root canal . I now use kongs with treats that I replace once they start to look worn .
 I initially started my dog off on these as the gummy version was too easy for her to tear apart . A few months later during my vet visit , she noticed my dog had two slab fractures on her molars . Granted , my dog would tear into these , but now she has ruined her teeth and may require a root canal . I now use kongs with treats that I replace once they start to look worn .
 I spent over 100 dollars for this carrier and it really is only worth about 45 dollars . The wicker pokes out into the carrier so when my pet leans against the side she get pricked . Also , the gate that closes the carrier is held on by three small plastic belts which does not securely hold the gate onto the front of the carrier . The belts also do not look like they are going to last for a long period of time since they are plastic . If I were you , I would invest in one of the wicker pet crates that are sturdier and more secure .
 Did not help with frequent cat throwing up , seemed to increase problems rather than help them switched to all canned
 Product arrived in liquid form , not GEL type . Tried it anyway and does not work whatsoever . Bad product and complained to Amazon and all I got is 20 % discount ?? What the hell ? Product does not work and since I used it a bit and ca n't return either .
 Sorry Bio-Groom but this stuff stinks - and smells even worse on my long haired chihuahua .
 There are no ingredients listed anywhere -- not on the bottle and not on this site.It made the cat 's fur soft . And ?! But what is it doing to the cat and my skin?When is it not required to put ingredients on a shampoo container ?
 the product did n't work very well seemed very watered down . i have a bulldog and this product did n't come close to the stuff that i get at the vet . spend the extra money on your pet .
 My dog is now acting like his coat is on fire . He runs around the house diving and rolling around trying to scratch his coat . I am very upset with this product . I do n't think I can ever use again since now my dog is acting like he never has before . TF ?! it made his coat soft , but at what cost ? He is not happy!I have a Japanese Akita who has skin allergies . I thought this was a safe product but beware!Called BioGroom and all they offered was to email me the ingredient list . No offer to refund the product . Beware , this bottle does not contain a full ingredient list .
 Dont let the picture fool you . This jacket is not insulated . It is very thin and I dont get the purpose of it .
 What she teaches in her DVD 's can be easily found on Youtube for free . Wish I sent this back before my return time was up .
 I bought this product at a local Petco , hoping it would shut up the horrible barking dogs our neighbors refuse to control . I brought it home and pointed it first at my own two dogs . One dog -LRB- at a distance of only about 5 feet -RRB- had no reaction at all ; the other dog just perked up his ears and then went about his business . Outside , the neighbor dogs did n't even respond to it -LRB- not even a flick of the ears -RRB- and our dogs just ignored it totally.Our cat , however , FREAKED OUT and clearly heard the noise.Great for cats , very , very ineffective for dogs -LRB- at least the four I tested it on -RRB- . Do n't waste your money .
 Let me start by saying the dogs love it . They unwrapped for xmas and w/in 5 min had a hole from the close stitching on loose weave fabric . It is the day after xmas , I have sewed it twice and it is full of thread frays in the fabric and the stitching is giving out faster than I can keep up . The size and shape is good for my small dogs , but this toy does not stand up to the test of excited vigorous play .
 am sending this back because bottle came with dropper totally unprotected . twice ! first i thought was a mistake and sent back and they sent me a replacement . exactly the same deal came again -- bottle has no tamper-proofing of any kind . none.i can not give my pets something that came from unknown source OPENED.if tamper-proof packaging is what you expect , look for this product somewhere else.can not recommend because of this .
 This item is not very tough . I have an English bulldog , and she pull three ropes out in about 10 minutes of chewing . I think the ends are only glued in instead of somehow knotted together inside the ball . It is still mostly in a ball , but I was disappointed that it was torn apart so quickly
 I gave this to my 50 pound lab mix and it took him about 10 minutes to pull out the end of the rope from the knot and start fraying it . Instructions tell you to discard the toy if it becomes frayed so it made for a very disappointing buy . I would only recommend this for a very light chewer .
 This toy lasted about twenty minutes after we gave it to our Borzoi puppy and then became dangerous when all the strands of rope came away from the ball . A waste of money . I would not recommend this to anyone !!!
 My sister works for a vet . Although many dogs love these typr of toys , the toys fray , and the dogs tend to eat the strings that fray off of it . The strings tend not to digest and in some cases can cause balls to form in thier intestines , causing very expensive surgeries . Just a fair warning to any consumer looking to buy any dog toys made from string .
 Our lab puppy mix received this on Christmas morning . Within 5 minutes she was already pulling it apart . Do n't waste your $ on this one .
 I got this for my 7lb morkie ! It 's about the size of his head and pretty heavy but he loves it ! he carries it around and chews on it . He did start to unravel the ball and that gets all over the house expect to vacuum everyday ! I probably wouldnt buy this again just because of the mess it makes when its unraveled .
 It is tuff , but it untied in a few days and I only have a small toy terrier . Now it 's just a rope & I already have some of them .
 I have a golden retriever that rips every toy apart that she can . When this came in the mail I thought I had found a toy she could n't destroy , I was wrong . Although , this toy lasted a little bit longer than most , it also was destroyed by my one year old puppy .
 Our dog -LRB- Great Dane -RRB- is a prolific chewer . She will chew on anything from Kongs to cardboard boxes , but for some reason , she had absolutely no interest in this toy . I even tried stuffing the crevices with treats , and still no luck.Even if she did like it , I discovered that if it gets wet -LRB- washing , wet grass , slobber -RRB- , there is NO way for it to dry out , and it starts to stink like rotten cloth . Had to toss it in the trash a few weeks after buying it.I gave it two stars because if your dog happens to like rope or chasing a ball , I would say the construction of the toy was good quality .
 I have two dogs of the same breed
 We bought this for our labrador , who loves toys especially balls , but he has never been interested in this . It is really hard and heavy . He has n't been able to do any damage to it , but that 's because he does n't play with it .
 This is not Cotton ; the tag says
 Unfortunately this is awful ! I had high hopes for this toy but my 45lb black lab started shredding it within 2 days . The toy is still around but she SHREDS it every time she sees it . I do n't have the heart to take it away because she really likes it but man is it a pain in my backside having to go behind her and pick up clumps of yarn . I would n't recommend this toy and I plan on buying all new ones so I can secretly throw this away .
 My dog loves rope toys but he is not interested in this toy . I am not sure if it 's the shape or what ?
 I ordered several items at the same time . All the items arrived 2 days later except for this one . My order has n't even been processed and I paid for it over a week ago . I was really excited to get this toy , but the wait is not worth it .
 I feel that rope toys are almost ment to fall apart . My always do and it flosses my dogs teeth . However , as soon as she got through on of the ropes in this knot the whole thing fell apart and I have pieces everywhere . I have had dogs my whole like , they have always loved rope toys , however , NOT recommended .
 I bought this for my puppy . He loved it for the entire 5 minutes he had it . Within 5 minutes of giving it to him , all the threads were shredded and I had to through it away .
 We have a Weimaraner and she chewed this up in 10 minutes into pieces . I do not recommend this for a Medium to large dog who is an agressive chewer
 My dog loves this toy . She loves to play fetch with it . Unfortunately , when I tire from throwing the thing she starts chewing and within thirty minutes its an unraveled mess that I have to throw away . Even though it only costs five bucks I was hoping for something that could at least withstand a few days . If you want to play fetch with your dog and then put the toy straight away consider it . However , if you just do n't have the heart to take away your loyal friends toy -LRB- the dog -RRB- then skip this .
 The strings on this toy came unravelled within a day . Luckily , Harley did not swallow any .
 I got this for my little Boston/jack russell mix -LRB- BoJack -RRB- , and she had this ripped up within 10 minutes . I spent about a dollar a minute of fun for her . I was upset and dissapointed . Do n't get this toy if your dog is a heavy chewer ! Just buy then some bones and be done with the buying of toys !
 I bought this for my black lab and within 2 minutes -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- it was undone and shredded ! This toy will not hold up well for big dogs and / or chewers . I was very dissapointed in this product as it did n't hold up to my labs test of endurance so I give it one star .
 This is not Cotton ; the tag says
 My yellow lab had this apart in 10 minutes . It 's a cute toy , but if you have a power-chewer , I would go with something a lot more durable .
 $ 40 for a DVD that 's only 21 minutes long ?! You must be joking !!
 I have a toy Shih Tzu with medium size hair . I tried this product on my dog to avoid bathing her as often as I would like to . She was last bathed a week prior . I followed directions provided in the bottle . If my dog had short hair , maybe it would had work . When her hair was dried and combed , her hair looked dry and dull and a bit sticky . The smell took a turn to the worst . I had to bathe her again with oatmeal shampoo and conditioner to get rid of all the foam shampoo . Now she looks and feels clean , shinny fluffy hair and smelling good again . I do not recommend this product . I gave it a two stars rating just in case it works with short haired dogs . Good luck !
 My cat does okay with this brush - but it is very fine-toothed . It 's hard to tell from the product photo , but this is really more of a flea comb than a true cat comb . It works well around my cat 's head and ruff , but where he has thicker hair , it takes a lot of effort to keep from pulling at his fur as you try to remove the undercoat .
 Unlike their pet shampoos , these clippers are of inferior quality . The blades are not sharp and arrived with nicks on them . Additionally , some dirt/grease was all over the clippers.The cut was rough and it seemed to snap the nails rather than actually cut them . My dog 's nails were split after cutting . The only good thing about these clippers is the guard that prevents you from accidentally cutting too much nail on a squirmy dog.Better to spend $ 2 more and get a Gripsoft or a Bamboo brand . Your dog will thank you .
 The blades are not sharp enough to even clip my 11 week old kitten 's nails . It split his nails and left behind small jagged edges on his claws . The design makes it look like a small torture device , making my kitty even more frightened by it .
 It may be cheap , it may be cute but it does not hold up to gerbils chewing.We have two young gerbils , they have cardboard and sticks in their cage at all times ; both of them liked to snuggle up to each other and sleep together inside this igloo.BUT , for whatever reason , they decided to chew their igloo to bits ! After 3 weeks there is only one-third left of the little igloo house . -LRB- They also chewed the edges off of their heavy-duty plastic food bowl , I switched to a metal bowl . They have an `` old-fashioned '' metal exercise wheel that they gnaw on . -RRB-
 Our daughter 's dog is a Golden Retriever . I gave it to him and within a very short time , the ball on one end was already torn off .
 well not much to say about this worthless garbage . My dog chew thru the ball in about 15 minutes after I gave the toy to her . My only hope is it was n't toxic .
 I was recommended this item from our vet . She did mention it would take atleast 6 weeks before you could tell a difference.I have not noticed too much change with our dogs coat and skin itching problem . It is winter right now though and our biggest problem seems to be the summer time . Maybe I will see a better result during that time .
 I literally unpackaged this toy , gave it to my labrador and the toy broke . The ropes are held in their circular form by electrical tape . Needless to say , I got this toy in the mail yesterday and it was in the trash yesterday .
 Toy fell apart in less then an hour with very small dog . No quality to speak of at all .
 Somehow I have to make this at least twenty words . Anyway , the tank water is green as a lake and we changed the water three times , with DISTILLED WATER . All the fish died . Both batches . WASTE OF MONEY .
 I get the filter all up and ready to go but when I plug it in the damn thing wo n't suck up any water !!! I tried everything , like rinsing the tubes and interior with hot water , clean the motor , nothing would work !!! When I put the water in it and plugged it in it sounded like it was going to die ! I am never gon na buy another whisper filter again , waste of money !!!
 When I bought this filter it was working perfectly and was really quite . I took my tank down and put the filter up for two months , when I set my tank back up and hook this filter back up it was extremely loud . I 've tried jiggling the intake tube , pulling it up slightly and letting it catch on it 's own instead of me forcing the impeller in place , still no luck . I do n't know why this happened but the filter started off great . Even with the loud noise it still cleans the tank well .
 Not sure why the maker of this product puts a valve in the bottom of filter , more chances of leaking and I just received the filter that leaks , always fill the filter with water before you put it on the tank to check for leaks .
 This filter worked well for almost exactly 90 days and then it died . The pump stopped pumping like an octogenarian 's heart . It reminds me of `` Bladerunner '' when the replicants just die after a time . The same with this . Good thing filters for 10 gallon tanks are cheap . My tank is on it 's 3rd in 6 months . First was a Top Fin . Crap ! Second was this tetra whisper . Crap ! Now I have an Aqueon 10 gallon . I will hold off on reviewing that product for a couple of months .
 I bought this product in August to replace my very old filter , and it died in October for no apparent reason . I had done nothing that would effect the filter , and could not get it to start again . One night it was working , the next morning , it was dead . I am very dissatisfied and unhappy with this product , especially one that is meant to help keep your tank healthy !
 One of my zebra finches got himself trapped upside-down in this holder after climbing in from the top , trying to get at some leftover millet inside . He wedged himself so far in that he had trouble breathing and could n't get himself out . I had to cut the holder apart to get him out . Since finches can die if they ca n't get to food during the day , this is a dangerous holder to leave in a cage unsupervised!Get a smaller one if you have finches . Or better yet , just clip the millet to the side of the cage.Jonathan
 Very cheap plastic . Too small to hold a large spray . My bird was , however , was not able to chew throught the plastic .
 The motor would n't even turn on . It was a big disappointment , and we could n't wait until Amazon could replace it .
 Bought this based on mostly positive reviews , hoping that I was n't going to be one of the unlucky ones to end up with a dud -LRB- seemed like that did happen , quite often -RRB- . I have n't returned it , as it is the only filter I have on my aquarium , but I have been thinking about it ever since we got it . It was noisy right out of the box , it was noisy after their recommended `` pick up and then drop '' tip , it was noisy after 24 hours , and it is noisy now a month later . The entire tube assembly with the impeller is somehow out of balance , leading to an incredibly annoying vibration with occasional grinding noises . I have tried packing it with bits of sponge I found in the house , which helps a bit . But overall , I can not recommend this filter unless you 're the gambling type .
 I was happy when I got this in the mail to day and that night I was on my way to setting it up just to found out that it was n't pumping the water . I went through the troubleshooting tips 5 times and cleaning the magnet etc and still it did not work . So I kept at it and kept at it just to find out that the &#34; wonder tube &#34; had a hole in it at the top ! I place some tape on it and it suck the water up and began to work as should . but every once in a while the tape loosen up allowing air to get in and causing the water not to be sucked up . GEEESH !!! I 'm trying to think if I should just return the whole thing just to get my money back or keep it and just keep putting tape on it . Gosh ! I wish Amazon would just send me a replacement part for it .
 My puppy put a hole in this in about an hour .
 I sent this as a gift for my daughters dog . He is about 65 pounds and although he enjoyed it , he destroyed it in about 15 minutes ! So consider the size and type of dog you are buying this toy for before ordering it .
 This product sucks , I bought 1 for my dog to play with and in less than 2 minutes he had chewed it into as far as I 'm concerned this product was a waste of money . So do n't waste yours .
 If your dog/puppy is a big chewer avoid this . My 7 mos old 12 lb puppy broke the spikes off this and easily ate it . It is more of a hard plastic and not like a rubber tire .
 It took my Doberman puppy less than 5 minutes to destroy this toy ... waste of money !
 After just 2 weeks , makes a loud sound and stops intermittently . I have to use two brand new ones for 60 gals to cover my 65 gal tank ! Very weak . One malfunctioning and cant return since i disposed box . I ordered bew impeller hopefully thats the problem but it is stressful .
 Unplugged within an hour of set up . First off this thing was LOUD ... . and that 's an understatement . Second , after about 30 minutes of running I noticed a leak were the motor meat the housing . I disassembled it and noticed a small crack in the cheap plastic housing . If you do n't want a big head ache then do n't buy this ... . Returning this immediatley and buying an Aqua Clear . Do n't just settle on a product because in the end it will bight you in the butt .
 I got it , try it for 24 hour and I could not tolerate how loud it was and returned it !!!!! is a shame because the 30 gallon one literally you could sleep next to it .
 i was happy when i 1st startd using this but about 8months to a yr later it stopped working . i contecetd seller who never responded back to me then i read the back of the whisper book and it said to send product to the company w 5.00 for return shipping . well they sent back my 5.00 and kept my filter . no note saying they were going to fix it or not . i would not buy this product from the seller that sold it to me then again i wouldnt by it at all because all of my fish have died and im out the money i spent on the filter plus shipping cost to send it 2 company to be fixed
 I would love to give this filter a higher rating . I will not make any comments about the effectiveness of this filter since I did not have it long enough to see how well it keeps my aquarium clean . However , after running it for 4 days , I had to do something different . My aquarium sits in my front room and the noise of this filter was simply unbearable . In the end , the filter 's name was a complete contradiction . I ended up going with a Fluval 406 upon installation alone , I am MUCH more satified . There is a very , VERY slight humming noise , but not really noticable.The Tetra Whisper Power filter may be inexpensive , but just remember that sometimes , you really do get what you pay for !
 I got the Tetra Whisper 60 in a 55g aquarium kit , thinking I would save money . Not only was I wrong ... I was wrong and angry.Believe me , if you get a defunct product ... it 's really defunct . My Whisper leaks HEAVILY . Will never buy an HOB filter again.I see there are many positive reviews -LRB- despite the constant complaining about the noise - why would you give it 5 stars then complain about how loud it is ? ... because it IS loud -RRB- . Well good for you . I lost my receipt and ca n't get a replacement , so I 'm out $ 50 . Seriously people , if you 're going to keep fish , spend the money and buy a product that 's worth it . Do n't buy a cheaply made piece of crap like I did .
 The seller is good . My comment is on the product . I have a 10 gallon fiter , the same brand , and it is really a whisper . So I thought it is a good brand and I will get a bigger one , but the 60 gallon filter is not a whisper , it is a B-52 . When cow hears it , it will stop producing milk ! Besides , I have a 20 gallon tank , it takes overnight to make the water clear . It will probably take a year to make a 60 gallon tank water clear .
 I 've been using this filter for about 6 months . I got it with a tank that I bought used . It seems to be a decent filter for my 55 gallon tank , but I like having lots of small fish -LRB- from tetras to swordtails -RRB- and it sucked up dozens of them . Needless to say all of the fish and about 5 frogs were killed . I tried making a screen for the intake with both fabric and metal , but they got really messy and I gave up . I also tried adjusting the flow to a very low setting , but then my tank did n't get clean enough . I 'm currently looking for a different filter with a built in screen .
 Although this filter is very effective at keeping my tank clean , it is NOISY . My previous filter was essentially silent , while this one is audible in other rooms . I would n't recommend this to anyone who values a quiet tank .
 I recently purchased this filter an dwas greatly disappointed . The filter kid incredibly loud Ito the point where I have to unplug the filter when I am watching a movie . Another problem I am having is that it does n't clean my tank . I only have a 20 gallon and this filter kids recommended for up to 60 .
 I purchased a power filter 40I and it was very quiet and worked very well on my smaller aquarium , so I purchased one of these Power Filter 60s for my 55 gallon tank . It was so loud I could hear it upstairs . I have since purchased 2 more 40I filters to use in it 's place and hope to sell THIS one to some sucker on craigs list .
 Honestly I 'm rarely sure why I keep this filter.I purchased it as a secondary filter for my 55g to supplement my fluval . This thing is very loud and stops often . I often find myself taking it apart so that I can attempt to get it silent . Interestingly enough , the 30g version of this filter is really quite .
 I purchased 2 of these . I have 2 75 gallon tanks . I wanted to add these along with my Marineland Penguin 350 . They are very noisy . Spend the few extra bucks and go with the Marineland . If you do n't want the bio wheel , leave it out . I should have spent the extra few bucks and went with all 350 's . I tried everything to quiet them down . They are just loud and obnoxious . But , if loud means nothing to you , the large bio bags they come with are really nice . It allows you to remove the charcoal media and either insert something else or leave it out . It also comes with extra pieces of down tube to reach the bottom of those tall tanks . If it was quiet , 5 stars . But the noise kills it for me .
 I know it says colors may vary . It should say it will never be the color shown . This product is not double fleeced . And the product description also says fleece inner and crinkle outer it is exactly opposite . It is not the product shown nor is it as described , go with another product .
 I had high hopes for this . I have 2 female rats and when I saw this on Amazon I thought it looked perfect for them . After receiving it and examining it -- it did look pretty sturdy and made well . I put it in their cage and right away they both went right in it . By the next morning though it was laying on the bottom of the cage with both straps chewed completely off . I could n't believe the rats did that . They like to chew but I thought the nylon straps looked pretty strong . Oh well -- back to looking !
 I just received this product this afternoon &#34; Ware Double Fleece Hang-N-Tunnel Crinkle Small Pet Sleeper &#34; . It states that the &#34; color may vary &#34; which is fine but the only portion of the description that is correct is that it is fact a &#34; tunnel &#34; and it does have &#34; 2 straps &#34; , everything else is wrong.The outside of the product is a thin material and the inside is completely nylon , there is nothing fuzzy about it and no fleece of any kind . The good thing is that I ordered it from Amazon so they will take care of the issue for me I 'm sure.Good luck with your pets : - -RRB-
 Pay special attention to the ` colors may vary ' tag in the description . I do n't know what color ` zebra stripes ' falls under but not what we were expecting . ALSO the photo depicted shows the interior lining to be made of fleece ... what we got was a cheap nylon/plastic lining and we plan to return the item since it appears our guinea pigs nails will tear through it in short order . A major disappointment overall !
 UPDATE : I originally gave this product a glowing review . Not so much this time . When I ordered another one , I received a hanging tunnel with fleece only on the OUTSIDE . The inside is just plastic and is not nearly as pleasing to my rats . They use it sometimes , but they were always in it when it had fleece inside . With the cold weather , this has been a serious disappointment.OLD REVIEW : This hanging tunnel turned out to be much , much better than expected . It has a nice material on the outside , fleece on the inside and some waterproof material between the layers . It is quite soft and washable . My rats like to use it as a tunnel between levels in their cage but also just hang out in it because it 's comfortable and high up . Looks like it will last a long time . Highly recommended.It has been six months since I purchased this item . The rats did chew through one of the straps which I was able to change by replacing it with a chain of large paper clips . It took them about two months to do this . They just now started working on the inner fleece . I think the life span of six months for this product is respectable . I am going to reorder now .
 It was ok for temporary use . I find it better to find sleeper from smaller websites that have the metal links , not just fabric like this one , so it is n't chewed to pieces by pets . The straps were chewed to bits and made the sleeper useless . I wo n't buy this again .
 First off if you have an aquarium . . DO N'T GET ! There is no way to hang this product . . clips are tooo big.This product came in an ugly poop green color . When I found a very poor way to hang it my rats would n't play in it -LRB- I think the crackle paper in it scared them cuz each time one went in the other ran into her house freaked out -RRB- . Then they managed to be little trouble makers and chew the string that holds the tunnel up.This is now in the garbage .
 It is not double sided with fleece , I do n't want my chinchillas eating nylon . Not a good item , I broke it apart , and tool the fleece out and added it to my own stuff and made a real tunnel , going to try to post a picture .
 First off , the description says it is double fleece . That 's a lie . The outside is a soft material , but the inside is some sort of nylon . My rat immediately chewed through the nylon and the crinkle plastic beneath , and got trapped inside the layers . Completely unsafe for any small rodent.Second , t says color may vary , but i did n't think that `` cheetah print '' counted as a color.I 'm glad it was only $ 5 because my rats got less than 24 hours of use out of it . I do n't at all recommend buying this product .
 Not sure if it was just my guy or poor quality , but had the inside fur ripping up in a few days . Great idea , but had to throw it away .
 The item description says Double Fleece . The item I received has vinyl on the inside , not fleece . Looks like I may be returning .
 I purchased this filter for a 30 gallon freshwater tank . It was to replace my Tetra Whisper 60 which had run faithfully and quietly for 10 years . The Tetra Whisper 40 was very noisy from the start . I tried dismantling and cleaning the impeller and chamber with no improvement . I gave it a couple weeks thinking it may work itself out but it only got worse . I called Tetra customer service and heard the &#34; we are experiencing high call volumes ... &#34; message , so I opted to send an email to customer service requesting assistance . That was over a week ago and I have not had a response yet . In the mean time , I had to replace the filter since it was very noisy and sounding on the brink of failure . I ca n't recommend any Tetra products after this experience !
 WHEN YOU GUYS SAY IT IS LOUD AND NOISY , IS IT DUE TO THE MOTOR OR WATER FALL FROM THE FILTER PLEASE MAKE SURE YOUR STATEMENT ARE CLEAR BECAUSE YOU CAN CONFUSE BUYER.HAVING THE FLOW OF WATER FALLING IN YOUR FISH TANK WILL MAKE A WATERFALL NOISE WHICH IS TO ME VERY CALMING , BUT IF YOUR REFERRING TO THE FILTER MOTOR MAKING A LOUD NOISE THEN THAT 'S AN ISSUE . I 'M NOT HERE TO CORRECT ANYBODY JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE WHAT THE HELL YA TALKING ABOUT LOUD NOISE AND THAT .
 I had an old Whisper filter that was gradually failing . The new filter has a different impeller design and it looks like there is no way to tighten up the impeller to get rid of the vibration . The filter is so loud I have to turn it off when I get a phone call . Shopping for a new filter now .
 I purchased this filter at my LFS -LRB- Local Fish Store -RRB- and I am very disappointed with this product . I have over 200 gallons throughout five aquariums and I have used countless models of filters . This one is the loudest filter for its size I have ever heard . This product does have nice water flow , but that is made irrelevant by the deafening noise it produces . If you do n't care that you can hear it in a different room with both doors closed , then this is a product for you . I am not sure what happened to Tetra , but they are killing their own brand name releasing products like this . Save your money and buy a different filter.I hope I provided an unbiased and helpful review . Good luck shopping and as always , have a great day.-CollegeGuy
 I did not listen to the reviews noting excess noise with this `` WHISPER '' model . I have it running and the rattling is REALLY loud enough to be distracting . I would return it but it will cost $ 6 in shipping since it 's not directly from Amazon . I can put that money towards the new filter I 'm going to have to buy so will count this a total $ 20 loss . I 've have many filters over the past 40 years and never encountered one this loud . Listen to those reviews !!! Buy another model .
 Like others have stated , the filter is a bit noisy but that 's not why I hate this thing so much . I started adding frogs to the tank a month after using it and it has killed all of them ! Putting a dwarf frog in the tank was probably stupid on my part , but it does n't make any since that it even kills the larger ones . The first one got its legs caught and suffocated and the second one was in the top , severed in half . Even when I 'm just adjusting the knob to feed the fish , the power from the filter slams them into the glass ! I will never buy anything by this brand again .7 / 29 update
 It does a great job of cycling the water even in my 55 gallon tank . However the motor does not `` whisper '' . It is quite a loud and constant buzzy sort of hum . I would probably buy this again since it is such a good filter . But it 's not necessarily for a living room where you 'll constantly be competing with the tv during quiet scenes for what you hear .
 I have used the Tetra Whisper filters on many different tanks for many years . I was quite sad to see themapparently go away for a while . Seeing the filters available once again and I immediately bought a couple , actually three now . Two have been returned and I am using the current one till I find a replacement.The Whisper filters of old I thought were quite aptly named since were it not being able to see the water movementacross the surface of the tank you would never even know they were running.NOT the case now ... the first one was so noisy I thought for sure there has to be some kind of defect . Returningit and buyihng another . Well . . once again , incredibly noisy . Thinking third time was a charm I decided to tryone more . I do n't know what Tetra has done to these filters but whatever it was , please UNDO it . Unless you meantWhisper to be completely sarcastic .
 I had a good experience with the whisper 60 and the whispser 20 . but for some reason the whisper 40 is so loud ... . it started off quiet for about a month and i was happy -LRB- not to mention i could save some money -RRB- . but as soon as i took it out to clean the tubes and impeller . booom louder and louder it got -LRB- i went thru 3 of these -RRB- . i cleaned them up and returned them all . DO NOT BUY THE 40 FOR SOME REASON THEY CANT GET IT RIGHT ... I purchased the marineland emperor 280 power filter -LRB- it was 15 dollars more -RRB- but well spent and well made . its so quiet i only hear my air pump . sorry whisper . but u should revamp the 40 gallon powerfilter . its junk ...
 This is by far the noisiest filter I have ever heard . Gave it one star because I had to give it something . Have no idea how it filters because I could n't stand the droning noise for more than half an hour . My fish tank is in a semi-enclosed area where the noise echoes out into the room . My job requires me to transcribe work using ear phones . Could not hear with this going . Hopefully I can get my money back . Bought it replace a Top Fin because I could n't find a replacement for the strainer end . The much quieter Top Fin is back in place with a temporary strainer .
 Normally the Whisper filters are very quiet for me , but this one is so noisy with vibration , we decided to not use it .
 Just received the Tetra Whisper Power Filter . I have never heard such a NOISY filter in my life ! Lots of humming and clunking !! I talked to my local pet store , to see if this was normal . She said to check the for any blockages . I thought maybe something got shifted in shipping . Nothing looked out of line . I am consideriing sending it back , as I have noticed from other customers reviews , that this is common for this filter . Not sure if Amazon will take it back or not ? But I AM going to try !!
 I gave this to my lab , turned my back and walked across the yard ... and by the time I got back she had torn a hole in the canvas and was unraveling the woven rope ! It ended up lasting for a couple of days before it was * completely * destroyed , but it was a big waste of money -- especially compared to her other frisbees by Ruff Wear and Bamboo . -LRB- She 's had the Ruff Wear one for almost two years and it 's just fine . -RRB- I gave the disc 2 stars because she did like the squeaker inside it -LRB- although that probably hastened its destruction -RRB- ; plus , not all dogs are as destructive as mine , so this would probably be okay for a mellow dog . But for a reasonably priced , durable frisbee , go for the Bamboo Combat flying cow toy .
 This tug toy feels like it 's made more of plastic than rubber . My dogs had it broke into pieces within seconds .
 There are so many problems with this item it is difficult to know where to begin but to warn other potential buyers I 'll go down the list of why you should avoid this item.The knobby spikes for teeth cleaning are sharp and caused my dogs gums/tongue to bleed!It is slighly flavored - and the dog loved that - but it encourages chewing on a product that comes apart in big chunks that my dog swallowed before I could get him to spit it out . It 's chewy and flavored but breaks off easily which brings the final point ... It lasted all of maybe 30 minutes . At the end of that time period my dog had bleedig gums and tongue -LRB- I stopped playing with him immediately -RRB- and while my back was turned , grabbed the tug toy off the table to chew which immediately resulted in a big chunk coming off in his mouth that he promptly swallowed . Hopefully he will be okay but now we are left `` keeping an eye '' for things to `` pass '' . Save a trip to the vet and avoid this awful product !
 I should 've checked the product weight before I bought this . It 's hollow . Yes , hollow . And it has end caps . What a piece of junk . It 's life span was less than 10 minutes . My dog had both the end caps ripped off and a sizable chunk missing from the rubber . Because it was hollow , he was able to sink his teeth in and rip it apart . Do n't waste money on this .
 I have n't gotten the item yet contacted the seller 3 times and have n't gotten response .
 This looked like a hard plastic toy ideal for our 8 mth old puppy . When we got it , it was a soft plastic he tore through in 5 minutes . The plastic was just glued to the tennis ball which he ripped apart in seconds . This was a big waste of money .
 This bone looked perfect for my dog , it looks like good hard bad plastic , Well do n't be fooled and do n't waste your money , the bone you get looks nothing like the picture . I got this cheap soft plastic one my dog had it chewed up in less then 5 minutes , shame on you for show something you wo n't be getting . I sure will not be taken by them again .
 This collar looks great , but does n't work well . We could n't get it to stay tight so we would randomly find it laying on the floor or outside . I give this collar two stars because it looks good , but it 's not worth the money !
 I purchased this for my mom who has 2 cats , it cost me 4 $ for the bottle and 8 to ship which i thought was a rip off , and secondly it didnt even help the cats . they dont like it , and it was just a waste of money .
 While it is true that the company markets the `` World 's Best Chrome Cat Litter Scoop '' for their World 's Best Cat Litter , this is not to say that the product itself is actually the world 's best litter scoop.The pros : This scoop is long-handled with a good grip for ease of cleaning . It is made of chrome , which is more resistant to breaking than plastic is.The cons : The scoop is a glorified kitchen tool and less durable than a real utensil that costs less . The entire design is unsuited to scooping , as the long handle makes the weight of larger clumps uncomfortable and unwieldy , increasing the danger of dropping and breaking them and soiling the rest of the litter . This downside is increased if you are trying to use this scoop with a heavier litter than the ultra-light WBCL . The rounded design might be good for picking up clumps , but renders it useless for scraping if the need arises . The join where the handle meets the base is not reinforced and may give way over time , bending or breaking just like plastic scoops do.In short , there are cheaper ways to get the same benefits from this scoop , and for a comparable price , a far better tool is the Durascoop.www.durascoop.com
 We bought this because we thought it would be more hygienic and better than those big plastic scoops - we were wrong . Small clumps fall through the grates in the scoop . The scoop itself is rather flat , so when you jiggle what you pick up to have the unused sand grains drop off , the cat waste also falls off .
 This frisbee is much too hard and heavy to be safe when impacting a dog 's teeth . It is very heavy and has the aerodynamic qualities of a brick . It does not fly far or high no matter how hard you throw it . It also easily cracks when bitten by your dog . This is the worst frisbee I have ever purchased . I have been playing Frisbee with my dogs for almost 30 years . This product is junk ; DO NOT BUY THIS .
 If you have a dog that likes to chew like ours , the bone on top was chewed through the first time we gave it to her so a reg frisbee holds up much better
 nylabone makes flexible frisbees - this is not one . hard plastic . great for playing , but not for our dog . recommend for everything but .
 I bought one of these , my labrador loved it , the bone on top made it easier to pick up . but the plastic that it was made of was too easy to destroy . With all the time we spent playing she always managed to destroy some part of it . It sould be tougher .
 It works to control litter tracking . That 's the best thing I can say about it . It is poorly constructed with badly cut , unfinished pieces , and the outside panels easily fall off when challenged either by at or when attempting to move the system . No attention to quality whatever . After 1 year , we have decided to get rid of it because as our female cat was using it , a certain amount of urine was spraying on the back wall and actually ended up leaking out the bottom of the unit , ruining the rug and wood floor underneath . Ergo , merely cleaning the unit interior is not enough ; you may need to move it regularlyto ensure you clean underneath , and when moving it you will have problems with it coming apart . While it worked well to control litter tracking , that 's about the only nice thing I can say about this product , especially for the expense , which in my opinion is better than twice what it 's worth considering what you get . You can get much nicer and better constructed litter containment furniture without the litter tracking control capacity , and ultimately , that 's what we are going to do . We keep the litterbox in our living room so litter tracking was a big issue , but not as big as the rickety construction and urine leaking out of the bottom of the box !
 I bought this litter and loved it , I could flush it , it had almost no dust , THEN ... one day I opened a new bag , and 2 days later I went to clean my litter box , and there were millions -LRB- probably not exaggerating -RRB- of wheat weevils in the `` cat bathroom '' . It was COVERED in these tiny creepy crawlies . They are so small , you can barely see them , until there are millions , then you ca n't miss them . And their rate of reproduction is crazy !! I loved this litter for about a year , then I got a contaminated bag and BANG !!! I immediately threw out all of the old and new -LRB- unopened -RRB- litter . I guess I will be going back to the reliable -LRB- but not flushable -RRB- clay litter . : - -LRB-
 Because this litter is a wheat product , it attracts meal bugs . My bag actually came with the bugs in it - when I opened the bag , left it in the bathroom , and came back a few hours later , the bugs were crawling out of the bag and up the wall . I have done everything to eliminate the bugs . Naturally I disposed of every crumb of Swheat Scoop . But once you have these in your house , it is very difficult to get rid of them permanently , due to the life cycle of meal bugs . You think you 've eliminated them , and then a few months later , they 're back . Do not buy this product , even if you think it works great as a cat litter . You run the risk of being plagued by bugs forever .
 I tried and tried to like this product , as I despise the clay based toxicity of most kitty litters , but there is one `` con '' that outweighs every `` pro ''
 Okay , my cat of 15 years just died , have one remaining cat that i want to do the best for decided to go with this product as opposed to clay which may have been part of the reason for my other cat 's health problems.This product not only does NOT CLUMP , after one pee in the new litter , the entire litter smells of urine ! Now if you have cats you know that they are clean animals , and more than not , will NOT USE THE BOX if it smells and is n't clean.Really wish i had saved the boxes , -LSB- . . -RSB- Also , threw out the other litter !!!! This is a mess , i guess i have to go back to clay until something good comes out !!!!! AWFUL PRODUCT will def be calling company in the morning !
 Started using this litter regularly about 6 months ago . Love that it 's natural and keeps the litter area smelling fresh . However our apartment has been infiltrated with little bugs , and they are definitely attracted to the wheat litter . Now they are in the kitchen too . The exterminator has to come and I 'm just hoping we wo n't be dealing with this for months down the road . I 'm switching back to bug-free litter .
 THIS LITTER IS DISGUSTING !!! I HAD MAGGOTS IN MY BASEMENT UNDER MY LAUNDRY AND HAVE BEEN KILLING THEM FOR THREE DAYS . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! i was so hopeful that i was buying a natural product and i am now completely paranoid about maggots and pupae i keep looking for them everywhere . i am completely disgusted . if you are the company and you are reading this , please contact me ! jwhowa2@aol.com
 I love the idea but this litter spawns beetles that have taken over the house . After starting using saw little beetles flying around the house . Looked in the bag and it was just swarming with these little beetles . Had never seen them before this litter , they must be eating the wheat and eggs laid in it before it arrived at our house . Gross ! Avoid this !
 It took my cats about 5 minutes to figure out how to `` cheat '' the timer on this feeder . They can just stick their paws into the tube where the food comes out , and get food whenever they want . This product would definitely not be safe for any cat that needs have his/her food intake controlled . It might be fine for a large dog with paws too big to fit into the tube .
 Like some other reviewers here , my cat figured out how to trick the autopetfeeder . Now he 's not a particularly bright cat , so it took him about 5 weeks to catch on . During those 5 weeks , he actually did lose weight !! The petfeeder kept him on a regimented diet and kept ME from overfeeding him . Then , he noticed that the food was coming out of the little hole , so he started sticking his paw in there . A few jiggles , and voila instant snack ! I 'm still fiddling with it , but it seems hopeless . With a small re-design , this product would be perfect . As it stands , it is useless .
 It came with the wrong timer ... thus dispensing 0.5 cups of food at a time ... way too much for my cat . If you decide to get it , make sure you get a timer with a `` seconds '' option so , in theory , you can actually control intake . However ... do n't count on it for a cat ... within 5 minutes of opening it my cat had figured out how to dislodge the food cap and get into the area where it comes out . This , in part , was due to the see-through storage container and the gap that enabled him to smell his way to food . This enabled him to get to twice as much food as he should have . Also - the system does not give a sealed storage area ... thus leaving it wide open to bugs .
 Was very small ! Looks a lot bigger in pict ! Did n't even end up using it ok for very small fish
 The vase looks snazzy , I 'll give it that . But when I got it , I washed it and soaked it in hot tap water -LRB- no stove , no soap -RRB- to make sure it was clean . When I took it out , it smelled like turpentine , and the smell did n't go away for several weeks . It seems fine now , but I still do n't trust it enough to put it in my aquarium and it now just adorns a shelf nearby.I 'd bet all of the plastic ornaments like this will have similar problems . Beware .
 Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . Fool me * four times * , well I just do n't know what to say ... I 've had four of these pumps in the last five years . One was in my pond when I bought the house , I purchased two and one was was replaced under warranty . Every single one failed . Two of them lasted only a little more than a year . The last one died after only 4 months . The failure mode is always the same
 I 've had three and none has lasted much more than a year . I 'm going to try a mag drive pump next .
 As the previous reviewer noted , my Cal PW3500 lasted just about a year . The seal failed allowing water to enter and tripped my GFI circuit . This is very unfortunate because this pump performs very well for the cost and provides a steady flow of water . Buyer beware .
 It only worked a short time before it stopped . Our last one worked 4 years . I do not recommend this pump .
 I have not used this pump due to the fact it is not the same as the photo . The intake is not the same . It is the same as GPH of 3500 . Not the same as the photo.check before you order . Looks like they are shipping older pumps and showing phones of new.Will not use they again
 Over the 6 years I have had my pond , I have gone through 4 of these pumps . Yes , perhaps I should have stopped buying it after the second or third one , but all of my connections , hoses , and fittings were designed for this pump . The main problem with this pump is it will shut off a GFI plug as the internal drive starts to arc on itself . This starts to occur anywhere from 2 months to 1 year after install . It produces great water pressure , but this thing is NOT built to last . I will be purchasing a different brand of pump from here on .
 If you already have an infestation this does n't help . It may help prevent one , I do n't know , but wo n't help get rid of one . We combined this with washing , diatomaceous earth , and vacuuming to no avail . What ended up working was a combination of Little City Dogs brand Lufenuron and a dose of the same brand Nitenpyram . That combined with washing and vacuuming got rid of a several month flea infestation .
 Just killed six fleas that were on my dog despite the use ofFrontline Plus and a product containing rosemary and cedar oils . The herbal spray does not seem to be every effective .
 I received this product 2 weeks ago . I used it on the one cat who I have been finding fleas on . He is an indoor cat and I do not know how he got them . I started to notice them when I was combing him one day . I carefully chose the product to use and I chose this . Omg , I thought he developed more since I used it . I used it 3xs . unlike others , I hate the smell , and wish I could of used it outside . all the windows are closed , because it is winter . This did not kill a flea . . so disappointed . .
 This product works great ... for about three days , then any fleas will come back onto your pet with a vengeance . Too bad , because I liked the fact that it was an all-natural product .
 I ordered this product when I found a few fleas on my cat . It does not work at all . I spray him every other day and spray right on the fleas and they are still living . It does not work do n't waste your money .
 There is another cuttlebone product like this made by the same exact company -LRB- Hagen -RRB- called `` Living World Cuttlebone , Large , Twin Pack '' and this is one of the customer 's review : `` I 've had birds for almost 25 years and given them a lot of cuttlebones . This is the first package I 've ever opened where the cuttlebones both had a putrid fishy odor . One had discolorations on it as well . I 'm not going to use it as there is clearly something remaining besides the mineral . I 'm not blaming the seller , but it 's the last time I buy them online . These were from Thailand . `` Now he 's lucky his smelled like fish . One of mine arrived discolored as well and smelled like dog poop . I 'm not kidding . DOG POOP . I opened up half of the package , took in a deep whiff -LRB- expecting a pleasant smell -RRB- , and BAM ! There it was . I 've bought cuttlebones before and so I know what they 're supposed to smell and look like . Birds will peck their way through one leaving some remains at the bottom of the cage unless you have a certain holder for it . There 's no way I am going to let my birds have this . Their face , feathers , and the cage would smell like dog crap . It 'd be hell to try and scrub them -LRB- the birds -RRB- and the cage down -LRB- that would cost even more money for the proper bird friendly cleaning supplies that are strong enough to eliminate such a smell and a cage to put them in while cleaning -RRB- . This item is sitting in a bag in my kitchen right now -LRB- I ca n't help but stare at the thing sometimes and wonder WHY it smells like dog poop ... -RRB- . I 'm uncertain if I should send it back or just accept that I just lost about 3 dollars . Like the man before , I am not blaming the seller -LRB- the transaction , independent seller and Amazon were great -RRB- , just the product . Overall it looks good in the photo but really , buyer beware . I was so happy to see such cheap cuttlebones eligible for free shipping and now wish that someone had written a review for this product . This is my first time ever giving a negative review -LRB- I do n't like bringing anyone/anything down unless I have to -RRB- and it 's because I do n't want anyone else or their birds to get such a foul smelling product . It may cost me a bit more but I 'm going back to my old ways to buy some cuttlebones from Petco -LRB- online but preferably in store -RRB- . Petco 's cuttlebones do n't smell like dog poop and come in different flavors/colors . The only good thing that happened was that I intentionally had my brother , sister , and even my mom smell this product and their expressions were priceless.Overall , I suggest you do NOT buy this product or anything from Hagen without doing some research . Their products MAY be good but if that man and I both got duds , you should be careful because you might get one too .
 My dogs loved this , however once we got half way though the bag they ended up with loose stool whenever they had Missing Link . I used half the recommended dose .
 i have a great dane and an american bulldog . we have over an acre , but have recently fenced in a smaller area near the house so all of the grass would n't be destroyed . after a couple of months of using this newly fenced in area , we developed a terrible odor . we live in CT and it 's awfully humid lately in the 90s . i came across this product -LRB- except i bought the version with the citronella -RRB- and gave it a try . i first sprayed down the area w / water and then applied the entire bottle of the odor eliminator . yes , it does have a nice clean citronella scent to it . however , within a few hours the odor had returned . the bottle says it has a 100 % money back guarantee , however an email to customer service has not been returned and nobody answers on the phone number on the bottle . great , now i 'm out $ 16.99 . i purchased it at petsmart so i 'm hoping i can return it to them . i have n't found a solution yet for the odor , someone recommended i try putting down limestone ... i would try bleach , but that will kill the little grass that is left in the fenced in area . save your money ! 1
 I bought this item hoping that it would deodorize my synthetic lawn -LRB- about 400-500 sq ft -RRB- from all the dog pee . Had a little trouble at first with opening the nozzle which was a little frustrating , but finally got it after a few mins . The stuff smells like simple green and of course immediately after using it the lawn 's pee odor was n't there . However after it dried the odor returned so I 'm not sure how effective this stuff really is .
 Considering the cost of this product , I would have expected it eliminate the dog urine and feces oder in the back yard for more than 2 days . Even if it lasts a week , that 's still a lot of money to be spending on this type of product .
 I 've had birds for almost 25 years and given them a lot of cuttlebones . This is the first package I 've ever opened where the cuttlebones both had a putrid fishy odor . One had discolorations on it as well . I 'm not going to use it as there is clearly something remaining besides the mineral . I 'm not blaming the seller , but it 's the last time I buy them online . These were from Thailand .
 Product arrived broken . In the future I 'll just buy these locally . I wish the packaging was better . I 'd return it but I 'm not going to jump through hoops to save a couple bucks .
 I 'm not sure what sort of cages these things are meant to latch to , they certainly do n't fit on to my smallish metal ones . Maybe if you have a cage with VERY thin bars with no more than 1/2 inch of space between the bars . I 'll probably end up crushing these and using them in bird bread , and they 're sort of worthless if you planned on having them available for your bird to use in their cage .
 this is a waste of money when compared to the bulk . you will spend less and get a much better product .
 Everytime the birds tried to use it , it fell down . They hate it and I do also . the holder was flimsy and cheap , Wo n't buy anthing like that again , willgo to the petstroe from now on . What a waste !!!!
 I am a 60 yo female and ca n't throw a ball very far at all . After reading all the rave reviews , I got a Hyperdog . What a disappointment . I can throw the enclosed balls further with my hand than with this thing . After having several male friends try it for me , we decided the rubber tubing provided is too stretchy and weak . Off to the store to get the stronger rubber tubing used with hunting slingshots to see if that helps.UPDATE
 I hate writing negative reviews , however I was very excited when I saw this product and its claims and now that excitement has left and all thats left is the overwhelming urge to eat a whole bottle of TUMS.First off I own a 3 year old Australian Cattle Dog -LRB- rescue -RRB- and a pretty garbage rotator cuff -LRB- due to years of vball and baseball -RRB- . I currently throw a 2 lb Kong -LRB- round or knobbed -RRB- about 50-60x 's a day EVERY DAY . * FYI * if you get an ACD , you 'd better be up to this level of exercise , or live on a farm with loooots of animals to herd !!! So I saw this wrist rocket for tennis balls and I thought WOW ! this will be great , and 220 FEET , WOW ! thats 73 ft. in the air , thats great.So I held off buying it -LRB- barely -RRB- until I received it for Christmas.OKAY HERE IS THE REALITY : This launcher does n't , the band snapped after 4 shots , and the ball rolled 50 ft but flew about 30-40ft . I can throw a ball farther than that.NO replacement bands or case included with inital purchase , tennis balls are proprietary ? -LRB- alittle smaller than a normal ball ? -RRB- I 'm not sure about this , they seem smaller , but I also have only used a Kong for a long time -LRB- tennis balls last about 30 min in her teeth ! -RRB- and its alittle bigger than a normal tennis ball.The handle is junk plastic , and huge , so your hand get fatigued holding it after awhile -LRB- trying squeezing a soup can for 30 minutes and you 'll get an idea how it feels -RRB- plus its 2 part -LRB- glued -RRB- and yep , it 'll most likely break apart over time , mine is already starting to wiggle.Metal frame is fine , epoxy coating -LRB- to keep from rusting -RRB- is average and will last a few years if not left outside . Ball retriever on bottom is fine as well , works like it should , but nothing spectacular.Why not use a ball that actually bounces ? Why not make different tensile strength bands -LRB- for stronger people or dogs that like running more -RRB- . I 'm hoping Kong sees this item and develops a rubber ball to shoot out of it.Why not have the option to mount a little fiber optic -LRB- like compound bow -RRB- sight on the bottom of Y ? So you can actually aim it , I can already see the great games this would start , even if the dog is too tired to run after the ball . * Think water balloons !!!! * I also hope that Hyperdog actually makes a website , and has consumer info and customer support someday.Or maybe a company that has experience in dog toys buys it , and makes some changes -LRB- how about REINFORCING THE STRESS POINTS OF THE BANDS ! -RRB- . Seriously , the band should shoot minimum 100-200 times before breaking , not 4 . I am buying another set of bands , and if these bands break as well , this is going up for sale on Amazon , CHEAP!Another great idea , poorly implemented and marketed ... sad , really .
 I loved the launcher at first . It was smooth to operate and consistently launched the balls high and far . After about one hour of use the strap broke . I put the strap back on and the other side of the strap broke . This time stiking me hard enough in the neck to leave an eight inch raised welt . After puting the strap back on one more time and being a bit more cautious , I launched a few more tennis balls before the strap broke again . I reported the strap problem on the company website and am waiting for a response . I am extremely disappointed -LRB- Not half as hearbroken as my dog -RRB- since the product worked great but just broke down .
 The below email was drafted a day before Hyperdog actually contacted me , apologized , resolved the matter and managed to convert me to a happy customer . Evidently , the company was purchased by a new group and they are working on cleaning up customer relations and their products . Cheers to the new owners at HyperDog . ===== > original post belowDo n't get me wrong . The launcher is a great idea . It 's just poorly executed and backed by horrible customer service.The launcher that got me hooked is a model that I think has been discontinued . That 's the 4 ball , no-fold model that was probably discontinued because it 's so long . Like , crazy long . Its major weak point is the small welded cross-tab that help solidify the ball trap . Those cheap `` welds '' blew off within the first week , but since the launcher is still usable without them , I gave it some slack and did n't bother yelping about it . I eventually purchased a foldable 4 ball model so that I could have a more portable sling , but the cage welds broke within 3 weeks . I sent Hyperdog an email about the breaks on their web form twice , but they never got back to me . Not even a peep . I was too busy to keep on them , so I ended up just using my original non-folding launcher and taking it as a loss.Fast forward about a year , I figured that they likely had their act together so I bought another foldable 4 ball launcher . My wife used it twice and one of the welds broke . C'mon . One breaking might be allowable . Twice is kind of bad -LRB- maybe super bad -RRB- luck . But a 3rd time with absolutely normal usage ?! That steps beyond bad luck or coincidence . That smacks of a poorly made and horribly designed product . Top that off with bad customer care , and you have a company that 's waiting for some real competition to knock them out.I can plainly see that there are many happy people with this product , and I can understand why . I love my `` other '' launcher that still works even though I modified it into a better design . You see , the problem is n't just the slings breaking . That 's inevitable with rubber , especially once it 's exposed to UV , usage , and the elements . But coming from a product designer with an engineering background , the design baffles me . The angles place undue stress on the band itself , and the angles create torque stresses on bad spots . I modified mine , solidified the stress points , changed the angles of the band attachments , altered the shape of the launch yoke , smoothed all rough edges that could affect the band , and voila ! Faster , stronger , better . I should have just made it from better materials from scratch . But for those who are happy , I wish you better luck than I. And if it breaks , do n't hold your breath with their customer care email form .
 BANDS WILL BREAK AFTER ONLY A FEW TIMES . OUCH ! PUT A DANDY WELT ON MY NECK . PRODUCT SHOULD BE REMOVED FROM SHELVES .
 It broke in two days was a waist of money . The concept was great the band broke there after.not woth it
 When it works , it works well , but the bungee broke about 12-15 shots after I first tried it . I reattached the shortened bungee , and it broke again after about 20 shots . Then I put the new replacement bungee/pocket on , and it broke after only the second time I used it . I 'm not pulling it back too far , either . The rubber used in these bungees is junk .
 I want to like it , but my dogs simply will not touch it -LRB- Pom and terrier / poodle -RRB- . Maybe others will have better luck .
 Typically I do n't write negative reviews and my experience with the scat mat was n't successful.First of all , I order the Scat Mat in the hopes of keeping my cat Kato off of our turtles enclosure . We have a large enclosure with a lid and window where we keep a Red Ear Slider . Routinely my cat sits on the enclosure and watches my turtle and occasionally will pounce on the glass , startling the turtle and send him back into the water.We placed the scat mat right over the window so our cat would not sit on it or peer through it . Our cat learned his lesson and just moves the mat to the side by touching the points that are not electrified.I 'm not sure if my cat is especially bright or if this is a common occurrence . The mat now sits in a closet , useless .
 Either my cat is too smart for this product or it is just not designed correctly because it did not work to keep her out of certain areas . It quit working after a very short time too even though I replaced the batteries .
 I ordered this thing about a month ago and STILL have n't received it . My credit card has been charged and I received a `` we 're looking into it '' email several weeks ago . Basically they took my money and gave me no product . To say I 'm annoyed would be the understatement of the century .
 I found that Green-Um did not help one bit . Although a little tomato juice in the water did not eleminate the problem , it certainly worked better than Green-Um .
 My dogs are each about 75lbs and the one dog had this rope ripped to shreds in a matter of a couple of hours and in the garbage it went the day it arrived
 The BAG itself says `` $ 10.49 '' !!! Regular list price for Amazon , almost $ 50 ??? But you can have it for the low low bargain of $ 20 !! Yes , you can buy a $ 11 bag of cat food for $ 20 !! Act now and get a free proctology exam at your local bus station !
 After our very first experience of our cat urinating on our brand new mattress , we bought this product and applied as directed . The urine stain was about 8 days old when we discovered this product , Nature 's Miracle . After the application , the urine smell came back even stronger than had we done nothing . We kept the cat out of the bedroom for two days as the application was heavy and it had to dry . Once dried , we put new sheets on the bed and the very same night we discovered cat urine in the very SAME spot on the mattress . I 'm disappointed in this product as it did not remove the smell , in fact , it amplified it . Use with caution .
 I have seriously tried everything under the sun . I tried Nature 's Miracle , I went the cheap route and bought the Petco generic enzyme cleaner -LRB- strangely , this seemed to work the best ... which is n't saying much because the smell came back in almost a week -RRB- , I tried Anti Icky-Poo -LRB- do n't judge , I was desparate ! -RRB- as well as the homemade concoctions -LRB- vinigar , hydrogen peroxide and baking soda -RRB- . Nothing would work ... not even a little . Everything did have a tendency to make the smell worse.Pretty much , if you have a little kitty that prefers your carpet to his/her litterbox , you have two decisions
 The rope came in the mail and my 1 dog tore into it and shredded it in no time at all the ropes from petco are much better they last much longer
 My golden retriever was able to tear this apart and eat some of the rope within a couple of weeks . Very poorly constructed . I would not recommend for a large dog .
 I needed a very good product for my dogs in the Vetri-Science Glyco-Flex Stage II joint support . This product came highly recommended from my Vet . I reviewed the Amazon site for what I thought was a good price when the Ad showed 2 bottles of the product . I thought I was getting two bottles for the price . I only received One bottle . I wrote the company customer Services who agreed that the two bottles was misleading and they would get back to me the next day after she talked to her supervisor . That was on December 13 and today is December 23 and still no response , even after 3 other emails from me . This company is very , very poor in customer service as well and misleading in their ads . I believe that Amazon is partially at blame for this problem and that this company should no longer be able to sell their products from Amazon Market . Avoid PetFoodDirect.com because you will get taken .
 Do n't order this product if you think you 're getting two bottles . Only one bottle arrived and I 'm having a wonderful time trying to get my refund . Fool me once , shame on you .
 The extra large size is very difficult to handle ... by no means you could carry this with you as it looks in the picture , because it 's almost as big as a door ... I bought this for my rottweiler , but we both fit inside it and still have space left . It would be impossible to take your dog inside this camper in the back of your car , because it 's unbelievably big.Besides , I was charged a lot in taxes at the customs in my country , and I was making a fight because it was a dog accesory and it was like a backpack , only a little bigger ... my God when I saw the box !! The customs agent must have thought I did n't knew what I was talking about.I am referring specifically to the size extra large ... probably in smaller sizes it works much better .
 Broke the 1st 2 seconds of use , the head is not attached to the handle at all well , danger of swallowing the pieces , -2 stars really .
 I was wondering - - IS there a product made for cleaning cats ' teeth really ? This one is the worst product for cats of any size in my experience , it just DOES N'T FIT an average size cat 's mouth , not without great force and trauma ! I have encouraged my cat-owning friends to write letters to -LSB- ... -RSB- O MAKE A SMALL SIZE FINGER BRUSH FOR SMALLER HANDS/CATS TEETH . Too bad for me , I have issues with both - I am very petite and my hands are the size of a child , plus and I have a 7 pound Tonkinese cat whose head and mouth are the size of a kitten . If anyone finds a small hand and real cat mouth size product , I 'd like to know about it .
 I found this brush difficult to use and my dogs really struggled when I tried to use it .
 Bought this thinking it will work better than a regular brush . Unfortunately it has a small head and the three brushes are very close to each others making it very difficult to brush the back teeth . Also , my dog will not allow me to brush his teeth and it is even more difficult to use this brush . This brush may work well for those dogs who are okay with the idea of brushing teeth . But I would not recommend it for people who have dogs like mine . I tried it a couple of times and then switched back to the simple toothbrush that the Vet gave us .
 I bought the first one and it broke within a couple months of using it on a very cooperative golden retriever . The place that sold it to me gave me a second one free . It broke just like the first one but even more quickly the second time . Would n't buy one again .
 As title , everything get caught inside , hard to clean it since my dogs drink a lot . We quit using it after two weeks .
 I ordered what the picture showed ... . but received the `` Smart Blend '' type.The reason I ordered the type I saw in the picture was because our cats had a bad reaction to the Smart Blend type . I do n't know why . but they were throwing up and had very loose bowels . We still had some of the other Tuna and Salmon dry food and found no more problems . I could not find the old type in the stores and that is why I ordered from this picture . I wasted $ 15.00 .
 This filter worked like a charm when I first got , and then once I turned it off it would n't start back up . This filter is really hard to work with , sometimes you need to add more water to your aquarium to start it up , and sometimes it just wo n't start up at all . It is n't worth the money . Save up , and buy something better you wo n't regret it .
 I got this filter last December for a 10 gallon setup filled with minnows . It did a good job filtering until about June when it started to get finicky -LRB- I would have to unplug and replug a few times to get it working again -RRB- . Then about two weeks ago it just gave up , outright.I gave it two stars because when it worked it did it 's job . I 'm just upset that it only worked properly for 6 months and then stopped working outright after 8 months .
 To start off , I 'd like to say that this filter does n't do a bad job with actually filtering the water . In fact , for a month , without water changes , it kept the water crystal clear in my 10 gallon tank . However , when I finally cleaned the tank after a month , I discovered an insane amount of debris in the gravel and had to do a full water change , which was okay only because I use that tank for a betta . It is possible that I just had bad gravel in there at the time and no filter actually sucks out of the gravel , but I feel as though so much debris should n't have accumulated at the bottom.That being said , there are other filters that can do the same while not being problematic in the following areas like this filter is :1 -RRB- The suction cups on this filter are terrible . In addition to that , its design is horrible . Basically there 's no way of raising the lip of this filter high enough to keep your water level all the way to the rim of the tank . And the suction cups ca n't seem to properly support the weight of this filter , so it will often fall off .2 -RRB- It looks ugly and consumes a lot of space in the tank . The reason I 'm taking appearance into account is because the whole purpose of having an aquarium is so that it looks nice . When you place a large bulky object into it , it wo n't look aesthetically pleasing at all .3 -RRB- After only a few months , I began to notice that it keeps alternating between being quiet and loud . So for some time you will hear nothing and then suddenly you start to hear this loud humming noise . Then , after five minutes of making this obnoxious noise it will quiet down again . This is probably my biggest problem with the filter.My suggestion is to buy the Aquaclear 20 for 10 gallon tanks . It is a much more complex filter and it hangs over the side . The motor is quiet and the intake tube does n't create the strong current that this filter creates as its sucking water in . It costs a few dollars more , but is totally worth it .
 It 's been a year since I bought mine and it has done it 's job till now but I do n't think I 'll be getting anymore Tetra products . The heater only lasted a month and this whisper filter a year . It sucked up one of my flatter fish a while ago but it is silent .
 It 's an okay filter in that it does a good job of keeping the tank clean , and it is very quiet . However , if you have small fish , they will get stuck in it and they will die . I actually could n't find one in the tank one night and then saw him struggling to get out of the place where the cord sticks in on the side . After I turned off the filter , he managed to get out , but was injured and died the next day . I 've lost a number minnows because of this filter since I started my tank up two months ago and I 'm going to be replacing it with an external filter very soon .
 i purchased this filter for my 6 gallon tank , i have 4 fish in it when i inserted the filter , worked beautifully , when i got up the next morning myfish was sucked into the vents on the outside , it died , same thing happened the next day . i would not recommend this for a tank any smaller than a 10 gallon tank , even then it sucks the fish up if they are an inch or so small . you need to partition the front vent , i put a small plastic plant in front of mine just to make the current a little less .
 I 've had this filter for over a year . Went looking for my betta fish tonight to feed him because he normally hides under his little `` barrel '' in the tank for a few days , got to looking at he was sucked to the bottom of the filter dead and brown as dirt . Wonderful . Do n't buy this unless you want dead fish .
 The filter was constructed very cheaply but seemed to work well for about a week . Then it started shooting water out the back , over the top of the tank , and onto the wall . My son caught it before there was major damage to the wall and floor , but I had to clean over a gallon of fish water out of the carpet in my boy 's room and missed the first quarter of the 49rs game .
 I have purchased two of these for my turtles tank . At first it seemed to be doing well and my turtle really like the water fall . After a week it was just humming and not filtering . Hubby got it to work again , but it was not filtering as good as it did the first week -LRB- I Replaced the carbon pad -RRB- . On the third week it quit working all together.I thought it might be defective so I bout a new -LRB- same brand-type -RRB- . Again worked okay for about a week and two weeks later this one quit working two . They just do not do the job for turtle tanks . Very disappointing product . I bought a fluval and love it !!!
 The filter and brand itself is good , BUT it is NOT adjustable ! I bought a 5 gallon tank from Petsmart and it came with this filter which is appropriate for a 10 gallon tank -LRB- hence the 10i -RRB- . Needless to say the filter is WAY to powerful for anything OTHER than a 10 gallon tank . It LITERALLY sucked my Mystery Snail OUT of it 's shell , if that 's any indication for you . Nuff said ? It 's good , BUT way too strong for small fish , frogs , snails , etc. . DO NOT BUY FOR SMALL AQUARIUM INHABITANTS !
 This filter came with my 5 gallon tank kit . At first , I thought it would be good because the filter packs are easy . After the first week , a gunky film developed at the bottom of the tank . I tried to siphon it out and change the filter more often , but it kept coming back . I finally bought the Aqua Clear filter and it is much better . The water is crystal clear and there is no built up on the bottom of the tank .
 Nice looking Cage IF you could actually get it non bent and broken.This was the 1st of 3 cages so far to arrive bent and broken , The packing is real bad so when it arrives it is junk and unusable.This was the 1st , Then I got another one , Same Manufacturers as this cage , Both of those , same thing again , Bent and Broken.All if them sold by amazon as a seller.Amazon is now Looking into it removed the other cage from there listing , But not this one , So I thought I should warn the Unsuspecting people that my get there hopes up about this cage.unless Amazon packs this one different as well it will always arrive bent and broken Just like all 3 of mine did.Im now waiting till next week , for them to get there investigation done , so they can pack it better and Hopefully FINALLY get my cage Unbroken !! Here is a link to the other cage-http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006G5IC8/ref=oss_product
 I was hoping that the previous review saying `` Amazon has fixed its packaging issues for this item '' was correct ... not even.Outer box looked like it 'd been hit by a bus . Box containing all the hardware an accessories was shoddily taped together , and all the stuff was just in there loose . There were stray washers floating around in the outer box . Instructions are a joke . There 're like a dozen long bolts , a dozen short bolts , and nine washers . No indication on which bolts to use where , or where washers should be used.During assembly , noticed one square upright post had abrasions and chips in the finish -LRB- which will allow it to rust -RRB- . The rear panel had a number of bent bars with cracks in the finish -LRB- ditto -RRB- . Figured I could fix those issues with pliers and the included touch-up paint , continued assembling.Slide-out bottom tray has a badly bent-up glide . Eh , I can probably fix that as well , or it 'll still at least * function * . Front cage door was swinging open , went to latch it before I put side panels in . The latch promptly ejected its pin , spring , and some kind of washer-looking thing that -LRB- I think -RRB- is supposed to be welded to the latch housing . Maybe I can fix that too ? Keep going.With all four casters installed properly and pushed all the way in , the cage does not stand level . The whole thing is wobbly . Spun it around to see if it was maybe due to the floor not being level , and one of the -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- casters shattered.Also ? The latch assembly is screwed to the cage door with EXTREMELY SHARP metal screws that are COMPLETELY ACCESSIBLE from inside the cage -- your bird could very easily tear its foot open on one . Or leg , or tongue , if he decides to bite it.Anyway . I spent an hour unpacking this thing and putting it -LSB- mostly -RSB- together , and another hour taking it back apart and repacking -LRB- much better than how it arrived -RRB- . It 's going back tomorrow . Seriously , this is the worst $ 300 I ever spent . Packaging issues aside , Amazon should straight-up stop carrying this item , or anything else from this brand . Shoddy welds , shoddy assembly , and the dangerous sharp screws on the inner latch facing ... this is not a good product . This is not even an acceptable product . It is objectively a BAD product . Badly made , badly packaged , BAD .
 I have had this filter since August of 2012 . For the last 2 weeks the filter has been ANYTHING but whisper quiet . It sounds like it has rocks rolling around in it and it definitely does not . It has been cleaned , it has had it 's filter replaced , and yet it is the noisiest filter I 've ever heard . I would NEVER buy a tetra filter again .
 Easy to set up BUT easy to FALL APART . After just one month , the glue that keeps the plastic together started to wear off . While the pieces are not broken per-say , the whole filter setup keeps falling to pieces !! Superglue and hot glue gun methods would not keep the pieces together . I had to keep the heavy intake piece propped up to keep it connected to the rest of the filter . It was a HUGE hassle !! Also , after the second month , it started making lots of noise even when the water level was very high . NEVER buying this whisper series product again.EDIT
 I bought this power filter and it is totally inefficient and a waste of money . My tank water was always cloudy , smelled fishy , and my gravel was nasty ! I bought a Hagen Aquaclear and my water was sparkling within 24 hours !
 I do n't often write reviews , but when i do i prefer ... hahaNow , i needed a new filter and was debating between this one and a traditional one -LRB- aqueon power 20 -RRB- with a little tube that sticks into the tank.i decided to get this one because it was a single piece . I figured less parts = easier cleaning.But i missed the point.The choice was not between more or less moving parts , it was between having the entire filter inside the fish tank vs outside of it.This thing is a giant black brick of an eyesore inside my tank.It is huge . Maybe if you have a 50 gallon tank the volume this thing takes up will be negligible.In that case this thing is super quiet and works well . But now i will have to buy some plants to hide my mistake and shame .
 Received shipment promptly . Bottle much smaller than expected , however , drops works well for small dogs . Will order biggerbottle next time .
 So I bought this to try for controlling/lessening seizures in my dog . However , it contains rosemary extract , which is contraindicated for dogs with seizures . Does it make sense to put an ingredient that is known to possibly trigger seizures -LRB- does n't affect all dogs but some and one is too many -RRB- in a product that is recommended for controlling seizures ? Would n't it be nice if ALL the ingredients were listed before one spends money on something they ca n't use ????
 This product works - but at the cost of possible liver damage from the alcohol . I have read many places of this being the case , but thought I would try and have liver enzymes tested . Yep , my dog 's liver enzymes were elevated , and that was using only half the recommended dosage . No liver problems before . Be aware , use with caution .
 I have used this product on my dog for about a month now . She absolutely hates the spray and I have not been able it very much . I put the get on a washcloth and rub it on her teeth . I have not seen any real change in the plaque build up on her teeth .
 I thought I did enough research , but may not have . This product does make my dogs breath fresh for a short time but I have not seen any evidence of brighter teeth . I have been using it along with brushing and the are still very discolored . I really have not noticed any improvement at all . It appears I will have to go back to the vet and have both my pugs put to sleep and have it taken care of that way . This does not make me happy .
 My dogs were afraid of the spraying procedure . Maybe a paste would have been better . I want to try to return the product . Sent e-mail to mfg. have n't heard back .
 I could n't get my beagle to stay still to use it . Perhaps I should have gotten the meat flavored version !
 I bought this for my chihuahua and Chinese Crested girls . I used it for awhile then brought them in for their annual blood tests . Their ALT 's -LRB- liver enzymes -RRB- were high . So , I started checking everything they were getting to see what could cause it . I read about liver enzyme levels and discovered that high ALT 's is often a sign of alcoholism . That 's when I noticed that a primary ingredient -LRB- 1st or 2nd -RRB- in this product is grain alcohol . Did it cause the liver problems ? I dont know for sure . Then years later , in case it was n't to blame , I tried it again , just a tiny bit , much less than they recommend , on my chihuahua whose teeth were bad . she 's a bit old , and I did n't want her to get a reg . teeth cleaning . That night she was woozy , disoriented and swaying around during her walk . That 's it . I threw it away and will never use it again .
 My dogs liver enzymes are off the chart !! stopped using this and will get an other blood test in a month . not sure if this is the product , but they should state on the front with alcohol . i believe it did remove some tartar years ago when i first used it , but not in the last 2 years . i wont use it any m ore because it is a deceiving label and should state alcohol on the front
 I was really looking forward to trying this product on my dogs but was very disappointed because my dogs would n't let me near them when they saw I was getting it ready . I got one of my dogs to swallow it for a few days , but after that , he spit it out and I could n't get near him with it again . The other dog smelled it and would n't let me get near her to even try it once . It did n't work trying to put the gel on their toys .
 I ordered the Petzlife Oral Care gel & spray and I only received the gel . I contacted Amazon who said I could only ship what I received back for a refund ... well I did not want to return it I just wanted my complete order . I contacted the company directly who pushed it back on Amazon and claimed they had zero responsibility . I paid $ 28.00 and only received half of my order . This should have been a simple customer service fix ... send the customer the missing item without making them jump through hoops . UPDATE 11/10/10 I still have not received the spray neither Petzlife nor Amazon would take accountability for the mistake .
 I would not have bought this product had I been able to read the small print that states the dog can not have food 1/2 hour prior or 1/2 after it is used . I do n't know about most people but we give our dogs a treat after they get their teeth brushed and with this product we ca n't do that .
 My dog did not like the taste and it does smell different . Althought highly recommend , my 16 yr old sheltie did not like it . Still searching for something that would work .
 I am pretty dissatisfied with my recent purchase of this item . I saw that the title of the item was Hartz Frisky Frolic Latex Squeakable Dog Toy assorted characters 1 each . But there was only a picture of one toy . That is the toy I have been searching for . I have previously bought the other two toys from local stores and my dog does not play with them . So when i saw the picture of my dogs favorite toy i decided to buy three . I was surprised when i received my shipment arrived . I understand that the advertisement says assorted characters , but you only show me a picture of one . Show me what you are going to ship to me . The company is willing to refund my money for the two I dont want , but I am going to spent five dollars to get back 10 dollars , and I am still out the additional six dollars in shipping for the 2nd and 3rd squeaky.I would not have purchased this item if I knew what I getting .
 Just to let you know - the pictured item may or may not be the `` character '' that you receive . I ordered 3 of these and none was the pictured item . Obzo -LRB- seller -RRB- response to my complaint was `` We are very sorry but this item is listed on Amazon as being ` Assorted Character 1 Each ' because you will only receive 1 toy and we are not able to let the customer choose which character they would like to receive -LRB- Assorted -RRB- . Certainly seems to be deceptive to show only one item and then not have that item be what you recieve . They should , at the very least , show all the various items that you might get . SO ... If you do n't care which character ... fine . If you care ... do n't order from this vendor .
 I was extremely disappointed when I received my order which only consisted of 3 Frisky Frolic toys . I was charged over $ 43.00 + shipping for 3 of these toys which normally costs -LRB- $ 2.50 - $ 4.99 ea -RRB- . Based on the advertisement and price I thought that each order consisted of 3 toys . Also , the toys received were not the ones shown in Tool King 's advertisement nor was the same quality of the Hartz Frisky toys I have purchased in the past online or in the store . My dog -LRB- Yorkie -RRB- destroyed all three toys in less than 30 minutes . Nonetheless , upon receiving my order I immediately contacted Tool King 's customer service to check the status of the missing -LRB- 6 -RRB- toys . That 's when I discovered that I had paid $ 43.00 + dollars for 3 toys that normally would cost no more than $ 4.99 each . Also , I scanned the barcode located on the toy 's tag and the price that came up was $ 4.99 . I am really disappointed in Amazon for directing me to this merchant . I 've come to realize that Amazon may not be the best place to shop if you are looking for deals or trustworthy merchants . However , I must say that Tool King did offer me a refund provided I return the unused merchandise . Unfortunately , the merchandise was destroyed by my dog . What a waste of money .
 I was so excited to find the one toy that our dog dearly loves . I found it by going to hartz , searched through the pictures , and clicked on the picture that was an identical match to what he had for many years . He has a boxful of toys , but when we say `` go get your toy '' , he only goes to this one particular toy . A few days later , I read the confirmation of the order and that a toy selected from an assortment was being shipped . That is not what I wanted . I even called them on the phone and told them that I was willing to buy a second toy if that toy was the exact copy of what I thought I was ordering . The semi-rude lady from customer service seemed to care less if the customer was happy with his order or not , and that they would not hand select the toy that I wanted to order . On Christmas , I helped the dog to unwrap his toy , squeaked it a couple of times , and tossed it in the air for the dog . The dog was sitting on the couch and just watched it bounce on the floor and never made an effort to jump down to play with it . To this day he has not shown any interest in it . The dog is smart enough to know an inferior product when he sees one . The only way anyone can make me happy -LRB- and the dog -RRB- is to send the exact toy that I ordered .
 I was expecting the Hartz ice cream toy as showed on the picture . I was counting to get 3 of them , as this is my dog only toy that she like.I got 3 that she have ignored.I will apreciate if someone know who sell this Ice cream toy . It seems Hartz no longer do this toy.Return does not make any sence as it will be more waist of money .
 I have purchased Hartz Frisky Frolic squeeker toys in the past and they were MUCH more durable . These new ones were very soft and cheap feeling . In fact , out of the three that I ordered , two of them had large holes in them within a few days of receiving them . I guess that 's what we get for buying products made in China ... poor quality !
 When i first got my turtle , this is the tank filter i got . It was okay at first because i did n't know much about taking care of a tank , but now i know better . There is a lot of cleaning , making sure all the waste is gone . But it gets really annoying when your tank filter is full of the waste . There 's many places you ca n't even get to , you just have to trust that you got all of it . If you own any animal , you know you probably did n't get it all but it 's best you get most of it . The tank i have right now is way better . You really only have to rinse it and change the filter every month . It lasts a lot longer than this one . I had to change the filter every week and even than it did n't seem to help . I would say buy a Zoo Med producted first , they seemed to be more techical and better filters .
 I purchased a tank 6 days ago that had a smaller version of this same designed filter . This was a replacement home for a fish that my girlfriends kid won at the fair . The flaws are the intake holes are too small for how much water is drawn in by the pump and that creates strong suction . The fish swam too close to the water inlet of the filter and got sucked right to it.The suction was so strong that it held the fish there and ripped the tail off the fish . I hurried up and unplugged the filter . The fish swam a little bit and sat on the bottom . I was going to return the tank the next day and get something a little safer for the fish . I rechecked the fish later only to find it died . I would not recommend this filter for anyone . It is unsafe to use with fish .
 I bought this filter to go into a turtle tank . The design suggested that it would be suitable for this application . I have also had good experiences with other Whisper filters I 've owned in the past . I have not been putting up with it for about 1.5-2 months . I loath this filther . First , the suctions cups do n't stay on so the filter continuously falls into the tank . There should also be at least 4 suction cups . Having 2 placed in the center of the filter means it rocks back and forth and is not secure . Second , the bracket you can use in place of the top suction cup does n't fit on the lip of my tank . So again , it keeps falling into the tank . If I ca n't return it because it 's been used I may actually just throw it away . If you 're looking for a good internal filter check out Ovation or Fluval . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 The package arived promptly . Unfortunately it arrived too soon , aparently , as they forgot to package the extra refill and batteries -LRB- that which makes this a good deal to buy on amazon . -RRB- . Hopefully they will rectify this quickly , however I got an answering machine when I called . The machine should have stated that I was calling their company so I knew I had the right number , but it only said to leave a message .
 One of my dogs -LRB- 8 lbs -RRB- was able to remove the treat disc from the ball and promptly made a huge icky mess on their futon :-LRB- The other pup -LRB- 3.75 lbs -RRB- is n't as agressive a chewer , so it 's fine for her . I just have to figure out how to give it to the little one without the big one stealing it from her , lol !
 I have this collar for my Yorkie which worked ok . Before using it , test it on your arm with the force you would use on your dog . It leaves a lasting pain and marks . When used on my 9 month old German Shepherd , the collar broke by the ring with very little tension . It can not be fixed . I would rate this collar as a 1 out of 5 . I have recently purchased a different type of collar that is not painful and produces the results I was looking for . I would suggest you shop around before using a collar that hurts your dog .
 I tried this but felt way too guilty to continue using it on my dog . We got a dog from the pound that really lacked discipline but this was the wrong approach . It really seemed to hurt him . We took him to a professional trainer instead and he helped us with advice and some training . I highly dont recommend this device , I think it is too cruel .
 I took this collar -LRB- which was ordered from Amazon -RRB- out of the packaging , placed it around a dog 's neck and attached a leash . The metal part broke almost immediately , and the dog was free to run away.Fortunately , the dog I was working with came immediately when I called him . I reattached his leash to his normal flat collar . Good boy.However sound the concept behind this product might be , this is a cheaply-made , dangerous item . Thank God we were working in a low-traffic area with a fairly obedient dog .
 This collar is great in theory . But , considering it is meant to train dogs , it should be stronger in order to handle dogs that might pull , etc. .
 No clasp provided to take collar on/off quickly/easily . Removal of collar only done by taking apart the links -LRB- the same way that you initially size the collar -RRB- . This is extremely difficult and unacceptable . Rope is also cheap and will break w/daily use . I have a 60lb dog and this collar is tight . Also plastic is cheap and sharp . I had to return it because of all these things .
 I bought this for my 2 year old pit bull and while it did slow him down a bit while walking him , it was hard to open and close . The links had to be twisted a certain way which was physically too hard on my hands . I was also worried it would open up when I was walking him .
 I got this for my Great Dane several months ago and it 's been completely ineffective in curtailing her pulling . If anything , she pulls more against this than she has anything else collar-wise . This is far from an ideal collar if you have a 130 pound puppy that seemingly has ADHD .
 I would never , ever do this to my dog . It is unnecessary and cruel . If you do n't think so , ask yourself this : Is it ok to put your child in the same device ? Why not ? The immediate answer is `` It would hurt them . '' Exactly.This is grotesque.We use collars and leads for our dogs because it keeps them safe , and it is the law in many places . Putting your dog in a collar with inward spikes ? That 's monstrous .
 Before buying this sort of `` training aid '' , ask yourself if you really have the right personality for dog ownership . Dogs are independent free agents . They will misbehave . If you think you need to harm them to extract compliance , I 'd like to see you with kids . -LRB- -LRB- Dog abuse predicts child abuse -RRB- -RRB-
 I would like to put this collar on any person that bought one of these for their dogs and give it a good yank.Then they can tell me how humane it is.People that put collars like these on their pets make me wonder who the real animal really is ?
 What happened to gentle training and positive reinforcement ? When a dog pulls , with a regular collar , just stop everytime he pulls and make him sit . When sitted , praise and walk . He pulls , do it again . It might take some time but you should manage . Forget about this sadistic device .
 A friend of mine got one of this collars . Their unsafe for the dog , My friends dog had small puncher around his neck and are painful for the dog . Those of you who gave this product a 5 star are retarded . Their UNSAFE and in my opinion cruel on the animal.Not saying All of you are out to abuse your pet , Not saying that at all . But their are better , safer , more conformable to use on a dog . I would LOVE to see a person put this around their -- neck and jerk it around their throat .
 Lets just start off to say that I would assume some durability with this type of collar . My 1 year old husky managed to break through the bindings after trying it once . Its the first time for her to be on this type of collar . But she freaked out and managed to break through this collar . Mind you my leash had done its job but my Luna just kept running .
 I bought this collar for my dog who is an 80 pound mixed yellow labradork . IMO his strength is above average and this collar did n't hold up very well to his aggressive pulling . The first day it seem to be a hit but within a few days the nylon rope that you would attach the collar to got stretched out and the collar went from being snug to loose within that short time.It gets worse I used the collar for about a little over a week three times a day for anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour each time . The last day I used it , my dog seen another dog and went bonkers , he gave a few hard pulls and the collar snapped in half . Luckily when I yelled he cowered long enough for me to grab him before he injured the other dog . The lady walking the other dog was soooo mad ! Also a park ranger seen it as well and gave me a few words . It was a really embarrassing moment that could have escalated into something much worst if my dog did n't react to my voice.With that said I think my experience is the extreme and this collar would work well on smaller dogs maybe under 50 pounds that are not overly aggressive pullers.Since then my yellow labradork has a new therapist -LRB- Dr. GETYOURBUTTINTHECRATE -RRB- for his social issues and seems to being doing very well and I have n't needed a prong collar since.Finally , I bought this collar along with all my pet needs from `` The Pet Store '' which can be found here -LSB- ... -RSB- I sent a brief email telling them what happen with the product and they gave me an immediate full refund . The collar was obviously not their fault and I would highly recommend using them for any online pet purchases .
 I first got this collar as an alternative to a metal prong collar , however the results were very disappointing . It is very hard to take the chains off . The prongs do n't give enough of a pinch to refocus my dog 's attention back to me . I would recommend sticking to the traditional metal prong collar or this version with the clip
 I have a Pit Bull mix that pulls me down the street when we go for walks . I have tried everything such as Gentle Leader , etc. to train her . I was excited to see so many five star reviews on this collar . I am a woman with small hands and I was not able to wriggle the plastic prongs apart . I re-read the directions six times to make sure I was doing it correctly but the collar would not budge so I could correctly fit it around my dogs neck . So I guess if you are a man with hands of steel you can make this work but if you have weak hands then do not purchase . Back it goes ...
 I purchased the StarMark Collar after reading about it in the puppy book by the Monks of New Skete . It made no difference to our golden retriever puppy ; she pulled on the leash as much with the StarMark Collar as with a traditional collar . My wife had a hard time fastening it at first ; it took her about a week-and-a-half to get used to putting it on . The collar popped apart 3 times when I was walking our pup ; twice was when the pup was confronted by hostile dogs , and the situation could have gotten ugly ; the other time it popped apart was when she was playing in the park.I talked with Martina Contreras , a dog behaviorist , about the problem . She recommended the Premier Easy Walk Dog Harness -LRB- Amazon product number B0009ZBKG4 -RRB- . It instantly and dramatically reduced the amount and force of pulling on the leash . When we first got the Premier Harness , our dog did not like it , but after two days , when we say `` walk , '' she runs to the harness and sits for us to put it on . We did not train her to do this ; she just likes the harness.I threw the StarMark Collar in the trash .
 I have an active 9 month old border collie that can be difficult to control on walks . This collar seems to be made well but it is not effective unless it is placed in the right position around his neck . To be effective on my dog I must place the collar up high on his neck . That means I have to constantly adjust it since it keeps sliding down . When it is in the correct position it does help control my dog 's pulling but with the constant adjusting it is n't worth it for me . Possibly this collar would work better on short hair dogs .
 I was very happy with this collar up till about 30 minutes ago when it broke , on a busy street , with a cars driving by . I 've had it for 3 months now and used it daily on my 45 pound Olde English Bulldogge . She 's strong but this should n't have happened . If she was n't so well behaved she easily could 've ran into the street and been hit by a car . I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this product .
 Tried this collar on my 90 # rottweiler , who gets a bit excited around other dogs and requires a good snap on the leash to keep her from pulling . It works well , getting the dog 's attention back , and is n't harsh , but the thing is FRAGILE . It made it about a week before one of the plastic links simply snapped , and I was left holding a leash with no dog attached.I subsequently purchased and highly recommend theHerm Sprenger Prong Collar 22 inch XHeavyweight . This item is more expensive -LRB- not by much , once you purchase the extra links necessary for the StarMark , which the Herm Sprenger does n't need -RRB- , but it works just as well - and it WO N'T BREAK . I think the Herm Sprenger is probably a little gentler on the dog 's neck , as well - the prongs are n't sharp like the teeth on the StarMark .
 Collar cost a touch under $ 10.00 it is very tight on my dog and now I have to pay half again to make this `` large '' collar fit my large dog . Come on folks , the links ca n't cost more than a few cents to make . Sell a product that does the job and does n't cause problems .
 This does n't work at all . My dog is still pretty small and he had no problem whatsoever continuing his pulling and tugging . I got this one because the others just look like they could pierce his skin and I did n't want that . Just save your money or try some other product . This one wont work .
 Might be the worst collar I have ever purchased , it did absolutely nothing to prevent either of my dogs from pulling . I would not recommend this collar to anyone what so ever .
 I have a lab pup that is under 6 months old and under 35 lbs , I am trying to train him to walk along side with a chocking type harness , regular collar and then tried this.This collar is the lease effective . All it does is only chocke and then does not release back . The metal chock collar with longer spikes have a better desired effect to stop the dog from pulling or tuggind . These plastic ridges are not deep enough and if the dog is fluffy or has skin , it probably does not have any effect.I would not recomment to anyone who has a fluffy or hairy dog or for any dog with loose skin .
 As a dog trainer for over 40 years , this type of collar s CRUEL AND WRONG . I do n't care WHAT breed of dog it is , it is WRONG to put something like this around a dogs neck ! Everytime I see some nimrod using a collar like this , I want to force them to wear it and then yank on it to see how THEY would like it . Choke collars are the same thing ... they are cruel and WRONG.Dogs react to kindness and positive reinforcement . I have raised many different breeds over the past 45 years and I have NEVER , not EVER resorted to this kind of collar for any dog . I have had dogs that are extreme `` pullers '' on a leash , and have trained them through positive reinforcement to walk correctly . There is also a device known as the `` Gentle Leader '' which goes around a dogs muzzle and mimics the way the mama dog would herd her babies . I currently have a Brittany that is a very strong dog and being a slight woman of 5 ' 3 '' and 112 pounds , believe me , he is very hard to control on leash . However , through training with the Gentle Leader , using POSITIVE REINFORCEMENT , I can now walk him using a regular leash and collar . Personally , I do n't like using any collar on a dog as it is not good if the dog is a puller ; it can cause serious neck/spinal injuries . That is why I use the Gentle Leader for training and once trained , the Gentle Leader comes off and depending on the dogs personality , traits , and habits , I then graduate them to either one of the nice comfortable padded collars , OR a HARNESS . Using a harness is best of all as there is no strain on the dogs neck at all . Some dogs , such as Owen , my `` bad boy '' Shih-Tzu is able to pull a collar right over his head and he did that at every opportunity . So for him , the best thing is a harness . Also , on such breeds as the `` squished snouts '' breeds , the Gentle Leader is not very useful unless you can find one to fit that breeds muzzle . I have not found one yet that fits a dog with a `` squish face '' . So for Shih-Tzu 's , Pugs , any breed with the squished in nose/muzzle , use a harness ... and POSITIVE REINFORCEMENT . It is NOT NECESSARY to PHYSICALLY HURT a dog with these types of CRUEL collars ... and I do not want to hear the nonsense that they `` do n't hurt '' the dog . Before you spout off with that kind of crack , put the collar on yourself ... and then have someone drag and yank you where they want you to go.Do not tell me that the collar only gets shoved into the dogs neck when THEY pull ... because I have seen too many people yanking their dogs with these types of collars and in my opinion , they should not ever be allowed to own a dog of any breed ... and they should have the same treatment done to them .
 too cruel.Reverted to positive assoc. training.Caused dog too much stress ... Rather keep trusted , good relationship with my dog.So not worth it .
 seriously , it is amazing to see what people come up with and put on their animals , inhumane , painful , a real trainer will help you avoid painful methods to train your dog , our dogs put up with so much crap because humans are lazy , ignorent . . sad ... Please dont use prong collar , shock/electric collars or this collar on your beloved friend . It is ineffective , create more problems , and animal is not learning to use the mind , just to avoid certain things because of pain
 I purchased this product and was extremely unhappy with it . The ease of use leaves much to be desired . The product package states that the collar should fit `` snug '' around your pets neck . It also states that the links can be unsnapped with your thumb and forefinger ... . NOT ! If your lucky enough to get the collar unsnapped in order to put it on your dog `` snuggly '' as instructed ... . good luck removing it . Basically , you 'll be strangling your dog to remove this torture device . Or you 'll eventually cut it off which then leaves you with no collar . As a dog trainer of many years , this product is the worst I have seen . I would n't have given it even the 1 star but there was nothing lower available . In my honest opinion , if you really need the control , stick with the traditional metal prong collar . You 'll be much better off .
 Torture device for dogs . Pulled my dogs hair and pinched his skin.There are better products available to train your dog .
 Why do n't you wear it for a day and have someone yang on you when do something they do n't like .
 If you have to use pain to get your dog to do what you want him/her to do , that 's not training . Stop being so lazy and learn how to properly train your dog -LRB- s -RRB- . Take a proper training class with your dog . My pup will do anything I ask , no collar , no pain .
 This collar ripped my dogs neck to shreds in one walk . The points are way to sharp , I feel so bad for using this collar on my dog , luckily he healed , but some hair did n't grow back . Do n't get this product .
 My German Shepherd wiped the floor with this collar . I thought it would help and it was quite the bargain and 10 $ / prime .
 Got this for my 4 month old German shepherd . First I thought this was going to be bigger I got large but its about the same size of a small metal Training collar . I have a metal training collar I use for my other German shepherd which works great but thought hey for only 10 dollars I will try this out . Well my 4 month old did n't even notice it was on did n't listen at all did n't slow her down from pulling , so I put the metal one on her she started to pull and then quickly noticed it was on and stopped . So for others it may work well but I recommend the metal training collars feels a lot more sturdier than this one and works great .
 Better for smaller dogs.The links can get twisted undone easily with a strong hyper , big puppy .
 Do n't purchase this item if you are looking for the collar used by The Dog Father , Don Sullivan . You have to pry open the links to put the collar on the dog 's head , unlike the one sold by The Dog Father which is 100 X easier to put on the dog.I performed an Amazon search on Dog Father collar and found this pitiful product . Do n't make the same mistake I did . Spend the extra time and money to get the collar from Don 's website directly.I returned this product and promptly ordered from Don 's website with much better results .
 This collar is one of the dumbest inventions next to a stupid clicker . At least you can use a clicker for cute tricks.The little pins holding those plastic snaps together does n't even hold and comes apart in one pull . This collar is n't a choke , pinch or a martingale . You honestly are better off using a regular collar .
 I purchased this product because it seemed more humane than a prong collar . I have no idea how well it works , I did n't get far enough to try it . It has to be taken apart to be put on/off the dog . It 's incredibly awkward and difficult to take it apart ; that alone makes it unusable . I hate the idea of trying to snap it off while it 's on the dog . This is a really bad piece of designTriple Crown Large Dog Training Collar -LRB- large 21 '' adjustable collar -RRB- . On top of it all , they wo n't let me return it , a little detail that 's somewhere on the page but not easy to find .
 This collar arrived in the mail & I put in on my husky to go for a walk . I walked inside to get some water , & by the time I got back outside to my dog , he had torn the collar into tiny pieces & was chewing on them . This thing did n't even last an hour out of the box .
 What you see on Tv or what you read about this collar is alot different than the results you get for the most part . My dog has alot of fur around his neck so it doesnt work so great . Its USELESS as far as trying to keep my dog from jumping up on people , or stopping him from pulling . He still pulls , not always as bad but it doesnt stop him when he has his mind set on something . As far as putting it on him -- RRIIIGHHT -- What a joke ! If you can manage to Not get your dog to move for 2 minutes , maybe , but good luck with that ! Its a pain in the ### to get on him . I honestly stopped using it because its so frustrating trying to get it on his neck . You cant just slide it on or off your dog , you have to mess with it and twist and turn it until it snaps on or off . I could see it working if you have a tiny dog , but on anything bigger -- good luck ! I wouldnt reccomend this product to ANYONE !
 This collar is just another rip-off with regards to training the dog . It is the equal to the old choke chain , just different . Does not work any better .
 IF YOU NEED A PINCH COLLAR FOR YOUR DOG , GET THE METAL ONE !!!! I put this plastic one on my dog and on our first walk the nylon tie broke !! I had to chase my puppy for over half a mile to catch her again . I could n't believe it !!! I threw this piece of crap away and bought a metal one with the plastic tips on them . I did n't want something too sharp , because I do n't want to be cruel ... but my husky was bred to pull . Not so great for walking on a leash . Buying this plastic `` training collar '' only TAUGHT ME to quit trying to save a few bucks because sometimes a few more dollars will buy you something that actually works , AND DOES N'T BREAK ON THE FIRST USE !!!!!
 I was hoping this would work for my 8 month 65lb pound Lab . He is a very hyper pup , so I 'm not sure if its the product or just him , but it did n't work at all for him .
 This collar is EXTREMELY difficult to hook AND unhook from my dog 's neck . While walking , the prongs tend to slide to the underside of her neck instead of staying on the top . Since this is supposed to simulate discipline by mother dogs , it should stay on top of her neck , in my opinion . Consequently , her pulling is somewhat lessened , but not completely .
 I like the idea of this collar , it 's light and a quick snap really gets the dog 's attention . However , I broke one while applying a semi-light correction . One of the plastic connectors that holds one piece to the next broke so the whole thing came off . Luckily I was able to keep my dog with me.I would recommend using a regular metal prong collar instead , and , whether you use this plastic collar or a metal prong collar
 Definitely worked well on my 6 month old German Shepherd puppy . Made a world of difference taking her for walks and getting her attention when she got excited.Unfortunately , it is not that strong and pulled part when she went after a cat . This is the second time it pulled apart . The first time it happened , I thought maybe I did n't click the links together properly . But this time , if you look at the links , you can clearly see the plastic deformed to allow the separation . I am returning to Amazon and recommending that they inform the manufacturer .
 I was really happy with this collar , and would give it four stars . But the design appears flawed . The pieces come apart so you can adjust the size as well as place and remove the collar , perhaps too easily . Maybe it 's because they wear out from use , even though I 've only had mine for several weeks . On three occasions now , the collar has spontaneously come undone . On one , my puppy ran into the street in front of a car .
 I purchased the StarMark Collar after reading about it in the puppy book by the Monks of New Skete . It made no difference to our golden retriever puppy ; she pulled on the leash as much with the StarMark Collar as with a traditional collar . My wife had a hard time fastening it at first ; it took her about a week-and-a-half to get used to putting it on . The collar popped apart 3 times when I was walking our pup ; twice was when the pup was confronted by hostile dogs , and the situation could have gotten ugly ; the other time it popped apart was when she was playing in the park.I talked with Martina Contreras , a dog behaviorist , about the problem . She recommended the Premier Easy Walk Dog Harness -LRB- Amazon product number B0009ZBKG4 -RRB- . It instantly and dramatically reduced the amount and force of pulling on the leash . When we first got the Premier Harness , our dog did not like it , but after two days , when we say `` walk , '' she runs to the harness and sits for us to put it on . We did not train her to do this ; she just likes the harness.I threw the StarMark Collar in the trash .
 This is n't something I would recommend to anyone . It 's not like the prong collar , it has no bite like the prong collar does . My dog after a while started pulling and did not care or notice the corrections . Im very unhappy and it was a waist of my money . This product is the cheap version of the '' Don Sullivan command collar '' . I should of used the money I waisted on this product and instead payed a little more and purchased the Don Sullivan the perfect dog product . Do not buy this cheap collar
 I bought this collar to help control a dog I got from a shelter a couple of months ago . It works well just walking with no distractions , I 've used it for several weeks , but when a woman came close with her dogs , my dog pulled so hard the collar came apart -LRB- where it is supposed to come apart to take it on and off -RRB- . He went after the two dogs and the woman got knocked down . The collar is useless for me as it only works when there are no distractions for the dog .
 This has got to be some form of animal abuse , this is the MOST ridiculious thing I have come across on amazon ! I can NOT believe people would actually toture their dogs like this ! There are better and safer ways to train your dog , this is just as STUPID as a **** shock collar !
 This is a TERRIBLE product ! There are no snaps or anything like that to allow you to actually put it on your pet !! It is not adjustable . So , you can not size it for your pet or get it on your pet !! If I had the packaging I would be returning it in a heartbeat ! IT IS UNUSABLE !! DO N'T BUY IT !
 This product is cruel and inhumane . This violates animal cruelty laws . People that even consider buying this and similar products should not be allowed to own pets .
 I bought this collar for a miniature poodle who only barks at people visiting my home and he barks at them the entire time they are there . When Sam came to live with me almost 3 years ago he was 6 months old ; he still barks at my son when he comes to visit which is frequently . The collar works but I must have the leash attached to it so that I can control his barking ; therefore I must have notice when someone is coming so that I can put the collar and leash on him ; of course that does n't always happen . There is no latch mechanism on the collar ; you have to unclasp a link to take it on and off ; this is not easy ; it may loosen over time but it has not yet . I bought 2 ; one for my toy poodle who barks at everything except visitors ; needless to say I returned that one . Next I will try a shock collar .
 This is a horrible collar . . I got ot for my dog and it claws into her skin hurting her . I have NO idea why anyone would buy this and keep this ever . BAD BAD purchase !!!!
 I bought the small version of this collar thinking it was the same as a similar looking Command Collar that I had previously purchased from Don Sullivan for our giant breed dog . The Command Collar by Don Sullivan is an excellent product that I would rate 5 stars . In my opinion , this StarMark collar rates 1 star.I encourage would be buyers to read the other 1 star reviews . This collar is so poorly designed that it is extremely difficult to open and I think borderline impossible to put on a typical dog who will be excited to go for a walk . I struggled to open the collar . I never tried to use it because my dog would not sit still for the length of time that I would have needed to close it properly . I found it completely impractical .
 not nearly as good as the original `` good dog '' collar as seen on t.v. which I own . This collar was less expensive now I know why . This collar does n't come apart easily to place the collar on the dogs neck making it way too hard to use . Especially since this is a training collar the last thing anyone should struggle with is placing it on the dogs neck . Save your money and buy the one on t.v.
 I do n't like this collar at all . I did n't look at the picture close enough when I ordered it , so I did n't notice that there 's no way to hook it . You have to separate the links every time you put it on or take it off . Since you 're not supposed to leave this type of collar on the dog except when you 're training , that means every time you use it . It does work well once it 's on to keep the dog from pulling . I bought Don Sullivan 's dog training kit and needed a 2nd collar for my other dog and thought this was the same as the one that came with the kit , but not having a hook makes a big difference . They should have spent a few more cents and put a hook on it . I would recommend buying Don Sullivan 's collar and not bothering with this one .
 I purchsed this product to help train my two young dogs . The design of this product requires that you take the collar apart and put it back together again on the the dog . It 's virtually impossible to snap the collar back together on a dog that wo n't sit still and is squirming around . -LRB- That 's the whole idea is to train them not to move around when not wanted -RRB- I thought this was a very poor design as it makes the collar pretty much useless if you ca n't get it on . It is evidentlly a knockoff of another product from a well known dog trainer , but his collar has clip hooks that allow easy on and off . This could be a very useful product , but you need to put a little more thought and development into how to get it on and off on a dog that wo n't sit still yet .
 This collar did not work any better than any other collar that I have tried and the plastic makes it difficult to get on and off
 OK very rarely write a product review but needed to on this one.Tough economy so need to be smart with our money.I researched all the training programs out there for our GSD puppy and decided to go with the Don Sullivan perfect dog system.Great call as I/we -LRB- GSD puppy -RRB- love the program but to save money I bought the system in pieces buying the Starmark collar instead - BAD call.Fitting the Starmark collar on and off on our puppy is just bad . Bad design as every time you want to remove the collar you have to disconnect the links while on the dog to remove the collar . It is not easy and it weakens the links . I remove the collar at night before I put her to bed . Again , it weakens the links connectors and I am sure they will break here shortly . I wish I saw this before or understood this before was I wasted money.Buy the Thane Command Collar Instead and here is why
 This collar is one of the dumbest inventions next to a stupid clicker . At least you can use a clicker for cute tricks.The little pins holding those plastic snaps together does n't even hold and comes apart in one pull . This collar is n't a choke , pinch or a martingale . You honestly are better off using a regular collar .
 Garbage . Dog ate it in half an hour . Material that leash hooks up to and that tightens collar made out of cheap stuff . My dog is only 15 lbs and he destroyed it in no time at all .
 I bought one about 6 months ago , for the same problem as the other reviewer -- my cat would pester me at 5:30 am . At first , it seemed like a godsend , but I quickly found some major issues with it , and now it 's broken . My issues :1 -RRB- The 9v battery lasted only about 2-3 weeks , which gets pricey after awhile to keep changing ; 2 -RRB- I had to time my refills of it with the next scheduled feeding -LRB- every 6 hrs for my cat -RRB- , or else his schedule would be thrown off . There was no way to ` set ' feeding times . It resets itself every time you refill it . So for example , if I was leaving for the weekend at 2pm , and I normally fed my cat at 6am/pm and 12am/pm , then I had to make sure I cleaned/refilled the feeder precisely at 12pm , or else it would get off-cycle . Perhaps not a big deal for most , but it was frustrating for me to make sure I was home at 12pm or 6pm so I could set it to his schedule . I thought this was supposed to make my life easier ?! I found I often had to overfeed him , or let him go longer than 6 hours without a meal in order to coordinate times .3 -RRB- At times when I could n't coordinate the feeder refill to my cat 's schedule , and set it for whenever I could , when I got back from being away , there was no way to tell if he had eaten recently or not . My cat certainly was n't telling me he was full ! So I probably ended up overfeeding him at times because he is a master manipulator , and I could n't tell if he was really hungry or just begging ! I started marking one side of the feeder as TOP , then I 'd have to count the number of times it rotated to see when he last ate .4 -RRB- On that same note , the feeder does n't know when it 's full or not , so if it 's turned on , it just keeps rotating until the battery runs out . I once forgot to refill it , and it kept rotating , empty . My cat ended up clawing it to try to get to a full food compartment . Poor kitty ! Bad mom ! 5 -RRB- The dial turns VERY slowly , as it is also automated , drawing on that same 9v battery , which is why it drains so fast . My cat waits for the feeder to kick in , so as soon as it starts , he 's got his head stuffed into the compartment , and he inadvertently -LRB- or purposely ! -RRB- pushes the lid along , which I think caused it to break.For me , there were too many factors making it not worth replacing . I ended up spending more at Petsmart on another feeder -LRB- C50 Auto Pet Feeder -RRB- which only does 5 meals , but it runs on 1 AA battery , and you can ` set ' the timer anytime you want . Only the timer draws power . The rest of it is on a simple hinge mechanism , so it swings very fast , is QUIET -LRB- unlike the first feeder , which is loud -RRB- , and is n't dependent on what time of day you refill it . One other feature is that it has a finite turning radius , so when the feeder is empty , it knows , and it wo n't keep rotating . To restart it , I have to reset the clock , then turn the lid back around on that same simple hinge mechanism , in the opposite direction . It 's REALLY easy to reset , but what 's good is that if I forget to refill it , it does n't taunt my cat with an empty bowl by continuing to rotate.It also has a battery-life counter so you can see when your battery needs replacing , as well as a cover for the timer mechanism so your cat wo n't bump it or otherwise damage it.I 've had it 4 weeks now , and the same AA battery is going strong , and it 's a breeze to use . I only wish it had more compartments , but I 'm more than satisfied with it !
 I bought 2 of these for my cats , and they worked fine for a while . It 's a smart design , but they 've got many flaws.They use a LOT of batteries - the 9 volts die after 2-3 weeks -LRB- so you have to keep a * close * eye on it -RRB- , and they turn very slowly because of the weak , poorly designed motor . They both died within about 6 months , and I had to replace them.Also , it 's not really a 6-day unit - it 's a 6 * meal * unit . Each tray only holds up to 1/2 cup . Since my cats -LRB- normal size -RRB- eat 1/3 cup per meal , I must set the unit to go off twice a day . I ca n't imagine this working for a large dog . And , since the sixth compartment is perpetually open , you can only set it for 21/2 days in advance . Not much help for vacations.The person who said their unit has been working for 8 years is either mistaken or lying . This Asian company is barely 3 years old . I have a sneaking suspicion that the seller wrote a review of their own product , using their `` imagination '' & hyperbole.If anyone knows of a better system , please let us know or post a review .
 I tried this for a week before I actually needed it . It worked for 1 week and broke the next . Who needs to worry if their feeder is going to break while they 're away ? Unreliable with unsympathetic customer service .
 I purchased this product for our 2 cats so while we were on vacation our pet sitter could come every 2nd or 3rd day instead of having to come every day . It was also going to be perfect to use when we were away for an overnight trip or a short 2 day trip.The first time we used it my friend came to check on the cats and said the clear top of the dial had been opened and broke off by the cats , but it seemed to work ok.The second check she did on them she found the entire thing in pieces . Either they had figured out how to pry it apart or she put it together too loose when she filled it - she assumed she did something wrong . So did I.We used it again a few months later , only for a trip of 11/2 days and it seemed to have worked fine.We used it a third time just 2 weeks ago when he had an overnight trip and I realize now my friend did not put it together badly ... the cats really do know how to get it apart!I filled it and set it and left the room to pack . When I came back in , one of my cats had managed to get the top off enough to move it to the next opening . I fixed it , made sure it was clicked into place and went into the bedroom again.Sure enough , when I returned he had the top off , exposing all 6 chambers.When we returned the next day I could only laugh to see that sure enough , the top was off and about 3 feet away from the base.YES , cats and dogs can , indeed , figure out how to use their paws and their noses to get the top off and get to all the food.Points to consider ; * only holds 1/2 cup servings which wo n't work for dogs or multiple cats * must be set exactly on the 6 , 12 or 24 hour set time to correspond with your feeding . -LRB- Can not turn it on at 2:00 if your pets are used to being fed at 6 : pm and 7 : am -RRB- . * I found the battery lasted almost a year as long as it was turned completely off while being stored . * Smart pets CAN get entire container opened to get to all the food or get it loose enough where it spins freely to allow them access to all openings.Overall I like the concept . I would purchase a similar product again , I would just inspect it to make sure it was a little more heavy duty in construction so I could feel comfortable leaving , knowing the animals would n't be able to get into it and eat all the food in one or two sittings .
 My stupid -LRB- I mean it , not smart -RRB- cat managed to pry this thing apart and get to the food within minutes . I do not recommend this product to anyone who hopes to spread out their animal 's food over the course of a week . If you do n't mind allowing your pet to eat all the food on the first day and suffer throught the rest of the week starving , however , then go for it.AWFUL RIP OFF !
 dont waste your money or time on this-these collars come apart at the most inopertune time - scary if you have a beast for a dog-get the metal one piece collar sized right for your dog .
 This collar is one of the dumbest inventions next to a stupid clicker . At least you can use a clicker for cute tricks.The little pins holding those plastic snaps together does n't even hold and comes apart in one pull . This collar is n't a choke , pinch or a martingale . You honestly are better off using a regular collar .
 I have a Rotty.Young.She twisted when she pulled on the collar and the link became unlinked.The collar opened she got loose.For a smaller dog I would say this is a good product definitely.It is light weight and is better then a regular metal choker for training in my opinion because it is lighter and has the pointy spikeys . Not though for a strong hyper , being trained dog .
 I have a 18mo . pit-shepherd mix with an apparent high tolerance for pain . This collar did nothing for him . I even dremeled the points to be ` pointier ' . -- Still little effect . There is also no swivel on the leash loop . During a trip I used this to hold him in the back seat . The seat belt was run through the shorty leash , then attached to this . Within 2 hours I caught him panting , He 'd managed to do about 20 twists around the whole system and had the nylon cord on this tightened up enough to cut off his air . Had to make an emergency stop to change to a collar with a swivel . However , the links do change out relatively easily . I bought this for control of my animal , so I 'd have to say the Myth of this actually working as such is Busted .
 This is a classic case of great idea , bad design . Really hard to put on your dog . They should have used the same clasp they used on the large collar and it would have been a 5 star product .
 I ordered the `` add a links '' when I purchased two small collars , based on the advertising that they worked with the small collars . The packaging even states that they work with small collars . Not so ! They are bigger and will not snap onto the small collars . Money wasted !
 My tiny little Yorkie was able to chew through these treats in MINUTES . AND they make a HUGE mess . I 'd give NO stars if that were an option , really . Everlasting my behind , ugh ! For what they cost , they should last longer than that , and not make a huge mess .
 Ordered this product to help clear up a skin rash my dog had . Did not get favorable results as the condition spread . Tossed the product and received proper treatment from the vet .
 This paste gave BOTH my dogs diarrhea each time I used it . It 's also got disgusting fillers . The price is WAY too high for how little use you get out of each can . Just buy a large peanut butter or cream cheese or throw left over chicken in the Kong and freeze it . Why pay this if you can get 20x the use out of a jar of peanut butter ? I only caved because I had been curious for months AND it went on sale .
 When I purchased this litter I thought it was going to be a clumping litter . It is NOT . It says on the bag that its a clay litter but its not like a clay that I 've ever seen before . Its white and blue and doesnt clump and my cats dont like it either . If you 're looking for a clumping litter , definitely do NOT purchase this . I was very disappointed and now have to buy more littler .
 The picture for the product was hilarious , but my dog does n't carry it that way , I do n't think any dow will . My dog chewed it up in less than a day .
 It would make more sense to get your supplies one at a time , especially since the dry food is useless . The rule with food is this
 My 35 lb . springer spaniel mix is a brutally aggressive chewer . She quickly tore very small pieces off the ends of the jack legs . But the damaged area only extends one half inch or so from the tips of the jack 's legs . Neither of my dogs seems particularly interested in the toy , but they will occasionally chew on it if I involve the toy in a game .
 The item I received was not what I ordered . It said the colors may vary but it did not say the brand or type of boxes . I also ordered four and received one . I will not order from this place again
 You are not buying 25 hooves as the details state . You are buying 1 chew hoof . Had no problems with company refunding me the price i payed and they also sent me another hoof free of charge .
 The price on these rolls is double the normal suggested retail price from the manufacturer . The rolls can be bought anywhere selling them for $ 8.19 / roll !!
 These things melted , cracked the tank in several places , and almost caused a fire . DO NOT USE . I followed the instructions to the letter and am only glad we were home and the house did n't catch on fire .
 I bought this for my 10 gallon hedgehog 's cage.The directions says that it 's better to put it on a side , to avoid contact with water that could produce an electroshock.Well , I did that and only the part where it was got warm . The rest of the cage was still cold.I waited for six hours and nothing happened.So I decided to put it under the cage , under my hedgehog 's sleeping place.At least it warmed that small zone.It 's been like 8 months since I purchased it , and yesterday it stopped working.Wasn ' t worth my 20 bucks -LRB- that 's the price at Pet Smart -RRB- .
 this thing can even keep my kingsnake warm and she 's in a 20 gallon tank and it says it 's for 10 - 20 gallon more like 5 - 10 gallon . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 The heater did n't heat up my 10-gallon hermit crab tank to the temperatures needed to obtain ideal conditions . Even after adding another smaller stick-on heater , I still have to provide supplemental heat . Not impressed with the product , but the speed of delivery was fine .
 I thought that it would be ok for the lizard that we have . I installed just like the directions said and it broke . Very disappointed : -LRB-
 I needed a small heater for a glass terrarium in which I raise cockroaches . I looked around on amazon for some and at the pet supply store . The pet store only had this brand , so I figured it was reliable since they did n't carry a selection -LRB- even though they have a big selection of reptile/terrarium goods -RRB- . I remembered reading some bad reviews on Amazon and was kind of worried , but I needed one right away and the pet shop had them so I bought it.I followed all the instructions properly and used it on a glass tank -LRB- you can not use it on a plastic tank it says -RRB- . First , despite the name being `` under-the-tank heater '' they strongly recommend that you do n't use it under the tank , but on the side instead . I thought that was weird , but then I remembered people talking about it overheating under the tank and breaking the glass and burning their pets.So I put it on the side of the tank . It seemed to be okay , but it did not generate much heat . It was slightly warm to the touch and my room can be very cold . The roaches did not gravitate toward it or seem to notice it at all . My game consoles and computer each generate more heat than this heater . I could have just set my Wii up next to the tank because the Wii generates more heat than this in standby mode.Then , the adhesive wore off within a week and the thing just fell off onto the floor . Well , all wadded up and on my carpet , it really started generating some heat !! It burned me when I picked it up -LRB- expecting it to be like before and barely feel warm -RRB- . It could have started a fire if I did not notice it in time , I 'm sure . It did not fall off while I was in the room , I just found it on the floor after work . I 've tried to use it again since then , but no dice . I can actually see it slowly peeling itself off when I try to put it up . I put it with the cord on the bottom so it should not have been the weight of the cord.This is a terrible and shoddy product . I am severely dissatisfied . I would always buy another and give it a second chance , but reading all the reviews on amazon , it seems like other people have similar problems often so I 'm not just unlucky . I never go out of my way to write product reviews , but this product is dangerous as well as a waste of money so I felt I should warn other people .
 I attached it to my 10 gal hermit crab habitat and it did n't do anything ... It sat attached and plugged in all night long and have n't raised temp . a single degree . I returned it
 Maybe I had unrealistic expectations , but this did not help my situation . My son as two hermit crabs in a glass ten gallon tank , I applied this to the side of the tank and it never stuck well and only felt slightly warm to the touch , expected hotter . Did nothing to increase the temp in the tank , but I have no lid so maybe it would n't work due to that ? I ended up getting the best results by buying a red heat bulb for our clamp light .
 We have a leopard gecko that should have his warm side of the tank around 85 degrees , this heater is not able to heat it up to that temp . We did install it properly to the bottom of the tank , but we are disappointed in it .
 I purchased a ZooMed heating pad for my corn snake 's terrarium about a year ago . After using it as instructed it worked fine for about a year or so but then it overheated , melted itself , leaked black fluid , and created multiple large cracks in the terrarium 's glass . Before anyone goes and says that I should have used a thermostat to regulate the temperature , I was using one and somehow the pad overheated ruining my brand new terrarium anyway . I 'm certain it was a problem with the heating pad and not the thermostat because the heating lamp still turned on and off in relation to the temperature.Thankfully my snake was not harmed nor did the heating pad start a fire but I was very concerned that it could have happened . I am very disappointed in this product and will find it hard to trust a ZooMed product again.If you are concerned for the safety of yourself or your pet , DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT .
 Some people on here said it can only be used on glass . Mine apparently was the opposite . Destroyed the glass on my over $ 200 cage , burnt my snake , and then melted itself . Came on here to find the issue was probably the cord being `` pinched '' , and that some heaters come with a lifter to prevent this . Obviously this one does n't . The goddamn thing has `` under the tank '' in its name in the company does n't think to include an item that will keep the pad from melting your pet to death . Add a housing around the cord for Christ sakes , or reinforce it . What a terribly disgusting flaw.I will not buy anything from this company ever again , and will highly recommend against anyone else doing it .
 I bought this heater for a 10 gallon tank , followed all directions , and it only heated the tank up 5 degrees above the surrounding room temperature . This heater should only be advertised as a secondary heat source .
 My room is at a constant 74 degrees and this heater only raised the temperature of the `` hot side of the tank '' to 79 degrees . This is a ten gallon tank as per specifications . This heater is not sufficient as a primary heat source . Now I will have to ad a warming lamp to raise the temperature even further . This will now be used only as a night heater .
 This pad seems to cycle through different temperatures or wattages ? I 'm not sure , but what I do know is that sometime it is luke warm and sometime its burning hot , so be careful , do n't let your loved one -LRB- s -RRB- get burnt !
 This was a complete waste of money . We put it on a 10 gallon tank , followed all directions to the letter , and now wish there were a way to get our money back ! I can feel SLIGHT warmth if I put my hand directly against the glass on top of it and focus really hard -LRB- and if the room is kept at least 80 degrees -RRB- . It definitely should not be labeled a `` heater '' . It seems to do nothing at all if I turn off the heater in the room and let the temp go below 75 in there.HOW does this thing have such a good rating ??? And why is there nothing in the description that says it 's only supposed to be used under dry tanks ? I have a couple of inches of water for my turtles , and it was n't until this thing was bought , paid for and delivered that I saw that in the directions . It should be stated up front so those of us with aquatic reptiles do n't waste our money !
 In a pinch , this hay will do . I get much fresher Oxbow products from my vet . In the future , I will purchase these products from my vet instead of online .
 This stuff is okay once in a while , but a little too expensive to use instead of the timothy hay . The guinea pigs were n't that thrilled by it .
 Worked for maybe 3 months ... Save your $ . I 'll be looking for a more reliable brand and tossing this in the garbage .
 Am not very happy with these two products I purchased . I placed the Zoo Med ReptiTherm under tank heater and did not even last 1 month , then the second one lasted a week and it was ice cold . My reptiles and I were very unhappy . BOO ! I emailed the seller and by golly I have n't heard one word . That 's to bad , because earlier I ordered a minidome and had to return to because it was also non functional .
 Update
 I purchased this product and about a month later , it was n't working . I purchased another , and it is not working . Fortunately , customer service has responded to my complaint quickly . However , they will not refund my money , but claim they will send me another new one . I guess I 'll just keep faxing them a receipt every time and get a new one . Terrible quality .
 I bought this product to heat my hedgehog 's cage . It had excellent reviews on several sites and was highly recommended by hedgehog breeders . However , after getting mine , I removed the paper backing to stick it to the side of his cage , and it refused to stick at all . Although it heated up just fine , it was useless as it would not stick to the cage . Very disappointed with this product
 Like other reviewers , I experienced a short lifespan on this product . It lasted a little over six months , then failed while I was at work , letting the temperature drop dangerously low .
 THIS IS MY FOURTH HEATER IN A LITTLE OVER A YEAR . WORKS FINE FOR A LITTLE WHILE THEN EVEN THOUGH PLACED AS IT SHOULD BE , TANK RAISED SO AS NOT TO SIT ON CORD , IT STARTS TO UNSTICK & BUBBLE UP . TRIED HOLDING IT ON WITH DUCT TAPE AS SUGGESTED BY PET STORE , STILL DOES N'T STICK . I HAVE OWNED SNAKES FOR OVER 30 YEARS , AND HAVE NEVER HAD THIS MUCH TROUBLE WITH A HEATING ELEMENT . I 'LL NEVER BUY ANOTHER ONE .
 I may have gotten the wrong size . But I needed a UTH for my 20g long tank and the dimensions listed for this product are ideal - yet when I received the product - the dimension were 18inx7in instead of the listed 10inx9in .
 After only ONE month of use the unit shorted out and melted a hole in the pad.See photo here ... -LRB- apparently Amazon removes the link to photo - but just picture this product with a giant hole burnt into the center !! -RRB- I followed directions to a T and used this unit with a proportional thermostat -LRB- set at 90-degrees -RRB- . Nothing was resting on the pad , it was placed under tank and spacers were used to keep weight off the pad . Good thing I smelled the burning odor because it continued to power on and may have caught fire !! The Zoo Med Repti-Fogger I bought died after only FOUR months !! I 'm DONE with Zoo Med .
 I have purchased two of these , both are broken , one during regular use and the other broken out of the package . While this heating pad seems ideal because of it 's adhesive side , and relatively low power usage , the packaging fails to warn about it 's ridiculously fragile construction . First , the heat is created by running current through a tiny and very brittle metal line that weaves up and down the length of the pad . Upon opening and inspecting a broken one -LRB- I had discarded the receipt -RRB- I noticed the weaving appeared to have been accidentally crossed in places with entire inches of line moving diagonally across others causing it to short circuit which should have caused the pad to fail even sooner , but at least cause a decrease in heat output because entire sections of the resistor are shorted out -LRB- never mind the possible dangers of malfunction -RRB- . This line is also nearly as fragile as the filament of an incandescent bulb which means you must be very careful not to bend it in anyway during the installation process . I would expect even a bump against something slightly pointy while moving your tank will also break the heating line . Once it breaks , you are left with an open circuit that you can not easily fix -LRB- and probably should n't -RRB- . The plastic pads that sandwich the heating element will warp and bend on their own when they are warmed , so if the adhesion to your tank is n't strong enough to combat that , the pad will pull itself off in places and eventually bend itself enough to break the element.Long story short , do n't buy this if you ever intend to move your terrarium around , or clean your terrarium , or look at it funny . Also do n't buy it if you want to have a power rating you can trust , and a heating element without built in short circuits . I 'll be perusing something more solidly built .
 I would n't even give it one star . I got it in January for a 50 gallon tank . It was applied correctly , raised the right amount . Worked great for keeping the correct temperatures for my corn snake.Tonight I was cleaning her tank and noticed a spider web crack on the bottom over this pad . When I moved the tank out to get a good look at the pad , there was a glowing ember smoking at me ! -LRB- No the heating pad was not damaged in any other way . The tank was not moved , the cords were not moved , no lightening , etc -RRB- Now I have to get a new tank and heater -LRB- different brand for sure ! -RRB- It is only October -LRB- a mere 10 months later -RRB- and if I had not cleaned the tank when I did that little ember would have smoldered until my two toddlers and I were running from a house fire , not to mention the danger to my poor snake and her neighbor -LRB- my husband 's ball python -RRB- .
 worked as advertised . I did receive a larger size than expected as another reviewer mentioned , it is indeed 18x7 . The reason for 2 stars is it just stopped working out of the blue after just 2 months and 2 days .
 I have had this for a while and it has been connected to the bottom of my 30 gallon terrarium for my ball python . It is a glass enclosure with a thin carpet covering the bottom . I was told that this was the `` safe '' way to go and it could not exceed a certain temperature . So wrong . My snake enjoyed laying over it and I thought she liked it and it kept her warm . But recently when I took her out to clean her terrarium she had horrible nasty burns all over her belly on the lower half of her because her cave was positioned over the under tank heater . I took her to the vet and she had severe burns . I have to give her a bath 3 times a day for maybe 2 months and I have to give her a shot to protect from infection every other day . All because of this heater . I feel horrible that I did n't know better and did n't catch it soon enough . if you decide to get one , make sure you have a thick , protective substrate on the bottom of your terrarium , or place it on the SIDE of the cage so your pet does not get harmed . Or purchase a rheostat to make sure the temperature stays under control .
 Bought the medium heat mat . Installed it on the bottom of my herps tank . The tank does not rest on anything and actually is held up for display by the sides so there is nothing to pinch or inhibit the heat mat . At first it started acting weird and would get super hot or barely hot at all . Then it got so hot it melted and destroyed itself . This was a little over 1 month of using it . Ordered product 7/18/12 , received heat mat 7/20/12 , started using 7/24/12 , return policy is only until 8/20/12 , first week of 9/2012 it melts itself . When it destroyed itself by becoming so hot it melted itself it was plugged directly into the wall outlet and secure to the bottom of the tank without any inhibiting factors like being pinched or such . Went to the reptile shop near my work and they said this was common and the only type of `` mat '' they reccomend is the film strip mats aka Flex Watt Heat Tape or Ultratherm .
 I do n't know what happened , but it nearly sent the house up in flames . Pretty shocked to see what happened here . This was in my daughter 's room . I ca n't think of anything worse than nearly setting my daughter 's room ablaze . The pad was under the glass terrarium , with the added feet on the tank . It did n't seem to be putting any heat out so I looked under the tank and found the pad charred , burn marks on the dresser ... the thing must have been an inch from lighting on fire.Horrible .
 This shipped in excellent condition from what I could tell , but after installing it I 'm not even sure if it 's working or not . I put this on the bottom of a 20 gal tank -LRB- the rubber feet they included to elevate your tank are great btw -RRB- , and before lowering it back to position after 15 mins I put my hand on it and felt nothing , no heat . Maybe it just takes awhile to warm up , so I may update this review -LRB- and give a higher rating -RRB- if this turns out to be true . Otherwise , it was simple and easy to install !
 The base of my housing reads 154 degrees F. With 4 layers of newspaper , it 's still reading 100 degrees . This is still an issue , since snakes like to bury under their substrate for use as a hide . Such high temperatures will no doubt burn -LRB- possibly kill -RRB- my snake if I put him in there . I 've since read that the larger Zoo Med heating pads get way too hot . I should have purchased a smaller version , and so should you if possible .
 Obviously nothing lasts forever . But surely it should last at least a year ? It works fine , but make sure you have a substrate to protect your critter from burns . My corn snake did not get any , luckily . I am now using a regular human heating pad with a timer to turn it off at night.Also , after about two months the pad no longer stuck to the glass . I had to prop it with cardboard and wood .
 Having the same issues as the others . I set it under the tank , punt my hand on it and it warmed up . I thought it was great . Next day , put my hand on it again and no heat . Pulled it out and in the middle of the pad was an area the size of a dime that melted . Thank god no damage to the tank .
 I have had this heater on the bottom of a 40 gallon breeder tank for approx . 9 months . It worked great at first . But I noticed today that the heater is coming loose and falling off the bottom of the tank . Interestingly enough the glue is still stuck to the tank . It is the heating pad that has let loose .
 You would think that what is basically a heating pad would be one of the most reliable devices possible . Ours broke in a few months . Even when it worked it had the major drawback of having no temperature sensor . It just always heats , no matter how hot the tank . I guess this could work for some where the room temperature is constant the the equalibrium reached between heat added and heat lost results in precisely the temperature you want . But that seems to me very unlikely for most . The wattage is not really enough to work well even with a separate -LRB- and likely expensive -RRB- thermostat . And as I say , mine broke relatively quickly . I 'm still not sure how that is even possible in a heating coil with no moving parts . Overall I 'd say this is an unsatisfactory and certainly overpriced product .
 The item shipped very fast . But when I plugged them in , they became very hot to the touch . Almost to the point of burning my skin . One shorted and melted the casing in 24 hours . The second did the same in a couple of days . I sent the third back along with the first two because I was afraid of shorting out and causing a fire . Do not buy .
 This is the second heater I have purchased of this type , from this manufacturer , and sadly , it only lasted about two months . I even made sure the cords were n't crimped , plugged into any suspicious outlets , etc. . I just noticed my snakes acting strange and lethargic and lo and behold , their hidey place was as cold as the room I had them in : -LRB-
 So , I bought this heater maybe 3 months ago . It was working fine . Had it on a timer and everything . Every once in a while I would check on it to make sure it was doing its job , by sticking my hand underneath my tank to see if it was warm . Eventually it stopped working . I was n't sure why until today I looked at it , and it had melted to my terrarium and shattered the whole bottom . Now not only do I need to buy a new heating pad like I thought , but a whole new terrarium , which I spend about $ 350 on . Every product I have ever gotten from zoo med seems to malfunction . A lamp that shorted out and caught on fire , this heating pad , and a fogger , have all malfunctioned within a month of getting them . I would suggest to anyone that buys this product to watch over it very very carefully . I would also suggest to not actually stick it to your tank , but press it with something , such as a towel.So to sum up : Pros - Works well on a timer and does its job well -LRB- when properly functioning -RRB- Cons - Can cause your terrarium to break from over heating , costing hundreds of dollars in damages to your tank , and possibly your animal.Hope this helps .
 Bought this for my sons corn snake . It is too hot to put it on the bottom of the tank . Was going to send it back and ran out of time . Now we just use it on the side . Will buy something different before winter with a thermometer that can be set on a temp . And manage itself .
 I had to stick this to the side of our tank , and it does n't heat the tank at all . Very disappointed .
 I bought this item a few weeks ago and only have been using it for 2-3 weeks tops . I used it correctly as an under the tank heater and one day it just decided to stop working .
 I was not crazy about how powdery this product is . This product was not for us . I found it to be highly potent . When the cat would urinate the product absorbed but the scent of the litter was overpowering . Definitely an affordable litter just not for us .
 Mine also came re , but I do n't mind the red.I do mind that it came in about 10 pieces , instead of two . This is made of cement . It needs to be packaged better . I ended up just -LRB- unsafely -RRB- gluing enough together to cover the heating element . It 'll work for now , but I would n't recommend buying online . It 'll just end up getting broken .
 i ordered this thinking i was ordering a gray cave . a red cave arrived and it was broken at the base and is unusable .
 I ordered this heat cave and I must say that Zoo Med does a crappy job of packaging it ! It was put in a cardboard box without any kind of cushion , and this is a heavy , kiln fired type ceramic , and it arrived broken in half and broken shards falling out of the box from the edges of the cave that also chipped off due to their poor packaging!Also , I do n't know what they coat it with , but it had this black powder on it that I say is like coal dust and it gets everywhere & on everything !! My hands were covered , my clothes , the kitchen table !! It was a freaking MESS . And , it did n't come off easily . I had to wash my hands multiple times , and scrubbing on my clothes only yielded black streaks , that made the stains worse , and even machine washing it did not yield a full removal of it!Piece of garbage !! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PILE .
 Product just arrived in a bunch of pieces . In red . They say it comes in two colors in the descrtiption , but there are no color options . You 'd think grey would be default given the picture , but thats not the case either . It basically comes in red only.Not that any of that matters right now since It is basically made of chalk and will break before it even gets to your house.Im so pissed I paid money for this .
 Adorable toy , but lasted 15 minutes : -LRB- This santa loofa was very cute to look at , but my Shih tzu destroyed it in about 15 minutes , first ripping the santa hat right off it and almost choked on it . From there she ripped the whole thing apart and I found her chewing on the plastic squeek toy inside . I 'm glad I came in to check on her , she could have easily choked on the hat , foam inside , and the squeeker .
 I have been using pet safe doors for over 20 yrs . I have a Great Dane , a Doberman and a German Shepherd so the doors get plenty of use . I have had the sliding glass door panel as well as the ones that fits into the door . I have the old double flap system in the door that goes from the laundry room to the garage and it works fine but the U flap wears out . If you reinforce the U shaped outside flap with duck tape and use large washers and wing nuts you can keep the flaps closed pretty well and the flap will not pull out from under the screws , when the dog runs through it and gets a caught , which is a safety thing I guess ; when you have 100 lb plus dogs it is not a concern they will just take the flap with them . I have also attacked some extra heavy duty magnets to the old frame . It is not the prettiest thing but it certainly is superior to this new door.Well I needed another door to go out from the garage into the back yard when I bought this new house and I bought the new and improved door ... sorry it is not . The magnets are a little stronger but it leaks on both sides . It is not a good fit at all and the flap is already curving from the dogs heads hitting it . Maybe this will work o.k. for a 20 lb dog but not for my big boys . It keeps the rain and snow out of the garage pretty much but would not work for the door into the house , just to much leakage around the sides for direct inlet . Insects get around it for sure . The flap wo n't come off but it doe not keep the cold or heat out . It is not any better than the old door , but what are you going to do . I would not think of the animals not being able to go in and out when I am gone .
 After putting in the new door flap 3 time and unable to find out why it would keep falling out every time the dogs would use it . I then got the old one from the trash and measured the top only to fine the replacement door had smaller attachments at the top where it was held in place . Then I had to remove the door again and put the old door flap back in until I could get a whole new door to replace the old one . A lot of wasted time . I will never buy a replacement flap again . The door is just to easy to replace then to put your self through a lot of frustration with a replacement part that did not fit properly .
 I have been using this brand , petsafe , dog doors for 18 years . We had to replace the door a couple times through out the years . They have all work great in keeping out the weather . The last door we had was great . We tried to find a replacement flap for it . But could not find one to fit the door we had . So we had to buy a whole new door . This new door is the worst one that we have bought from this company . Their quality has gone down hill . The flap is very light weight . The magnets on this door do not always hit . And the door stays open letting in all the cold air . The flap is smaller than the frame . There is a half inch space on the side letting in the cold air . The reason for the dog door is for the dogs to have the freedom of going in and outside when they need too . With this door I have to keep it closed . No freedom there . I wish I was able to bring this door back . But I bought it last year and no longer have a receipt . When the funds are available . We will be looking for a new dog door . I will no longer be buying the petsafe brand .
 The seller was very professional with quick shipping and solid product delivery . I must however say that feeding these kinds of treats to your rabbit can be DEADLY !! Our poor little Casanova -LRB- Netherland Dwarf Rabbit -RRB- had to be rushed to the emergency room when he quit eating entirely after excitedly eating one of these treats daily . The doctor confirmed a case of Gastric Stasis , a common and sometimes fatal condition caused many times by diets too high in digestable fiber , proteins , and sugar -LRB- all of which Vita-Kraft foods are rich in -RRB- . We ended up saving our poor bunny after 4 weeks of critical care and an all-hay diet , but one more treat could have killed him . If you love your bunny feed him or her hay , lots more hay , small amounts of high-fiber pellets , and fresh veggies . Avoid the sugary treats even if they fiend for them like my poor bonded bunnies do . You will save yourself heartache and money in the long run .
 Hey i have had these before and my reptiles have actually been Burned on there bellies . Hot rocks are definately unsafe for reptiles there are countless reports of this happening BUYER BEWARE .
 My little terrier tore this up in under an hour . Hardly worth the price .
 I have a 2 and a half month old yellow lab puppy and he would rather play with his other non scented rope toys . They look the same as this one just different colors but he does n't really want anything to do with this one . Maybe it 's the way it smells but he does n't chew on it or play with it , he kinda just lets it be where it 's at . I even try to play tug-a-war with it with him like I do the other similar toys and he is n't interested .
 I ordered these particuler seatcovers because they claimed that they were waterproof . I had just purchased a new subaru outback . I frequently take my 4 small dogs with me ; one of which is still only 9 months old & still a rambuncious teenager ! He can get into things & I wanted to be prepared for any spills , etc. . To make a long story short , he tipped over my almost finished latte onto me & the drivers seat . I immediately pulled over & cleaned up the mess -LRB- about 1/4 cup total -RRB- ! It blotted right up , but when I checked under the seatcover , it had leaked through in that short amount of time . The covers appear to be made of a strong material & they were easy to install , BUT they are not waterproof !!!
 I bought this about 6 months ago and it was falling apart within a few months of normal use . The waterproof backing is peeling off , so it does at least function somewhat but I would not recommend it ! It is not the most secure thing on the seat either , the bottom part does n't always stay put . I do n't know if it is my car or the cover on that one tho , I am putting it on a front seat bucket seat and I have a big dog in and out of the car .
 I returned this . My pup was not the least bit interested in this toy . My Golden Retriever puppy was 12 weeks and 20 lbs when i purchased this ... if i had gotten a larger one he MAY have liked it .
 I did n't like it very well . If you put a ziggy in the large hole it falls out , and the end that treats go in-not too good either . If you use the peanut butter suggested to be used with it , too big of a mess .
 I was so disappointed with Tidy Cat scoopable litter that I was about to go back to the regular litter , but decided to give it one more go with a different brand . The trouble with Tidy Cat is that the soiled litter would turn to a thick , sticky mud that was very difficult to scoop and would leave a lot of mud-like residue behind . I would end up emptying the entire litter box , clean it out , and start from scratch which defeated the purpose of scoopable litter.Fresh Step proved to be a major improvement . It is so much easier to scoop and does n't turn into the sticky mud that Tidy Cat would form . I can actually scoop now and not have to empty the entire litter box.Both Fresh Step and Tidy Cat controlled odor . Tidy Cat 's plastic container was a bit easier to transport . Fresh Step prevents litter mess and waste ; thus , saves money as pound for pound it scooped better and last longer . Fresh Step wins hands down as it is by far the most scoopable litter . I discarded two containers of Tidy Cats as it was n't worth the mess and trouble .
 Honestly , I 'm not a great fan of any of the tidy cats line . They are ok , but I 'm not really blown away by the odor control of any of them . We used to use feline pine for our older cat , and I absolutely loved that , but when we brought a kitten in he refused to use it , and so we switched to a clumping clay litter to avoid issues . In trying to find one that would handle multiple cats well , my favorite brand is actually Liter purrfect -LRB- carried at costco -RRB- but in a pinch I can run to target and get tidy cats if I 'm out and cat make it to Costco . The Tidy Cats small spaces worked pretty well actually since we keep the box in an office , but I must say , whatever scent they use in power blend gives me migraines . It has a really strong odor in and of itself , and when the cat uses it , it just makes it worse . I ca n't even clean the box without feeling woozy from the scent . It does n't clump at all either , so even if I could handle the scent , I 'd be going through it twice as fast . On a positive note , I have almost a full tub of the stuff to donate to the local shelter .
 This is NOT what it says it is - i bought this because i thought it would be silica and its just regular cat litter with crystals mixed in . not worth the price at all
 My tub of kitty litter did not state if it was scented . Unfortunately when I opened it - it was so - I figured I 'd give it a shot and well ... . this litter is great if you do n't mind your house smelling like cat pee + litter.I have a brand new Litter Robot that I empty every other day and a 4 month old kitten . I 'm pretty lax about my litter standards - it just needs to keep the poo/pee smell in for 48 - 72 hours , not stink up my house , and not coat my house in a layer of dust . After a week there was litter everywhere , my cat smelled like the litter , and I could n't get over the combined smell of cat waste + the scent of this litter.It took me a week to de-funk my LR . It took me multiple applications of Zeolite , Nature 's Miracle and trips to the Carwash . It was a disappointing experience .
 My kitty was separated from his mom at an early age . He does not know how to cover his `` stuff '' so it smells really bad . I saw this and thought it was different and it says `` locks in odor '' and its more expensive than regular litter . WASTE OF MONEY . DOES NOT DO ANYTHING . And when he pee 's this does not clump so I have to change it more often . DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 both my cat -LRB- 2 years -RRB- and kitten -LRB- 3 months and eats anything -RRB- would put one in their mouths and just spit it back out onto the floor.i seem to find that cats are very unlike dogs ... not real big on treats .
 Non of these analog gauges are accurate . They will work in a pinch but they can be off as much as 10 degrees very easily . Save yourself the trouble and get a digital thermometer .
 I bought two of these for my reptile cages because I need an ACCURATE reading of my temps and humidity levels ... After removing them from their packaging I set them side by side on our kitchen table for over an hour . They did n't agree with each other . There was a 5 degree difference in the temp reading and about 6 points off on the humidity reading between the 2 IDENTICAL Thermometer and Humidity Gauges ... Oh and it get 's better ! -LRB- Actually worse ! -RRB- ... After installing them inside my reptile enclosures I put my digital Thermometer/Hydrometer in the same location of one of the Zoo Med ones side by side . They disagree EVEN MORE ! ... As I type this they have been side by side for almost 24 hours and my digital Thermometer/Hydrometer reads 75 degrees F. and 38 % humidity . The Zoo Lab -LRB- right next to my digital one -RRB- reads 78 degrees which is n't that far off but it says the humidity is 52 % !! That 's a 14 point difference !! I expected better from a `` Zoo Med '' product and for $ 12 . a piece they are way over priced ! The quality of the plastic is less than a McDonalds Kids meal toy ! Extremely disappointed with this product !!! . **** I would n't have even gave it one star but it would n't publish this unless I did !!! I see others have the same complaints - I should have read the customer reviews before I made a purchased . What a total waste of my hard earned $ 25.00 !! I should have bought a second digital !
 Being a bearded dragon owner , I needed a thermometer and hygrometer to keep track of the temperature and humidity in its tank and ensure it met the strict tolerances for a healthy dragon . My expectations were not high - I do n't need -LRB- or want -RRB- fancy bells or whistles , just for a thermometer to do what it 's supposed to . You know , tell the temperature.Unfortunately , this chunk of plastic is useless even for that . It consistently measures the temperature at over 90F on the cool side of the tank , even though that is not possible given the cool -LRB- and often air-conditioned ambient temperature -RRB- . There have even been times that it reported temperatures greater than the hot side of the tank , where I have a heat lamp shining right on another -LRB- working -RRB- thermometer.This makes me question the accuracy of the hygrometer as well . Maybe it 's the spring mechanism , maybe it 's a shoddy design , or perhaps I just got a bum unit . But if device that only has one purpose ca n't even do that well , then it is a horrible product .
 Velcro absolutely does not stick . It felt off the wall 2 days after attaching - and would not stick to -LSB- clean , dry -RSB- glass at all afterwards . What a waste : -LRB-
 I was going to use this with the Zoo med nt 3 terrarium.When I first got the package the room temperature seemed slightly higher than indicated by my digital thermometer.After I installed it into the terrarium , the temperature was still showing higher than it actually was -LRB- I have 2 other independent digital thermometers installed in the terrarium at the same level and area as a back up to see if one goes whack -RRB- Next , the humidity measure was also way off , my terrarium needs to maintain high humidity -LRB- 90 % + -RRB- both of my other humidity measures agreed that humidity was kept at or over 90 % while this product jumped between 80 % - 50 % . In my opinion this product is way over priced and does not live up to its promises , just go digital -LRB- buy a couple units to make sure they agree on temperature and humidity levels if you 're paranoid like me on reliablity -RRB-
 This is not what I expected it is made of cheap plastic . The thermometer is 7 degrees off . I would not even pay a $ 1 for it . Not recommended .
 The thermometer is fine . It 's within about 2 degrees of what my calibrated thermometr reads . That 's the most I really expect out of this.The humidity indicator is * WAY * off however . It reads 65 % when there 's really 40 % humidity . That 's a big problem .
 These used to be the only treats my dog would eat . He loved them , and would not eat anything else . I saw a news report about the FDA warning on china imported jerky treats , and thought no way could that be reason my dog has been having health problems , they sell them at Whole Foods and advertise the chicken as organic and free-range , words which just are n't used in china imported meat . I took a close look , and there it is , made in china in TINY print . I stopped feeding them and slowly my dog has stopped throwing up all the time , has his energy back , and just obviously is feeling like himself again . Please do n't play roulette with your dogs life . Check all packaging closely , and tell this company to stop importing from china ! Dogswell , btw , will not respond , and has banned and blocked and deleted my inquiries on their facebook page . They do not care about your or my dogs health .
 The dogs loved them , but then I learned they were made in China . After the horrible events of last year there 's no way I 'll feed my dogs products that are made in China . I 'd love to find an equivalent treat made in the U.S.
 This was given as a gift to my Keeshond puppy when he came home from the breeders . Does n't like it wo n't chew on it , once treats are gone which is a matter of minutes . My puppy says no thank you .
 The heat emitted is really limited . Only can warm your turtles up within 20cm distance . So regret buying the bulb now I have to return it .
 Poor quality - stopped working after about 2 weeks of night use only . Considering it was a 60W bulb I expected a life-span that would come closer at least a year -LRB- considering they advertise 5-years -RRB- . All I have now is a paperweight with a jingle -LRB- the loose filament -RRB- .
 I bought this not knowing the measurements of the toy since they were not listed in the description and there were no reviews . This is the smallest dog toy I have ever seen . It is literally 11/2 '' wide X 4 '' long . I am concerned on it being a chocking hazard for my dog , especially the removable squeaker which is only an inch across . I have a small Boston Terrier -LRB- 11 lbs -RRB- and this toy is way too tiny for her . However the concept is a good idea and the packaging and material is nice . They should just be more specific on their sizes !
 This is very pretty but over all a bad product ! Ours started leaking right away so now that makes the item totally worthless , had to toss it in the trash .
 My dog has been enjoying these and I did n't even notice they were made in China ... until today when I stopped into a local `` natural '' pet store that had put all of their remaining Dogswell stock on sale ... because it is made in China and some dog food products made in China have recently been taken off of the market ... just trying to be on the safe side ...
 When they say `` mini '' they really mean it !! I can hold bones from one package -LRB- priced at almost $ 9 -RRB- in my right hand . Even with the free shipping , I could have bought 2-4x this quantity at Walmart for the same price .
 I bought this collar set up for my two dogs . In the beginning this was an excellent system . However , after approximately six months the components started to break . First , the handheld remote stopped working . I contacted Innotek regarding the remote and I was advised that even though the product was manufactured by them I did not buy the item through one of their `` authorized retailers '' so they would not cover any of the repairs . I was advised a new remote was $ 100 plus shipping and handling . I opted to work on the remote myself . I repaired it to working condition only to have it fail again within a couple months . Along with the remote problems we also had to order a new charger for the collars because the one supplied suddenly stopped working . So after 6 months of use we have a $ 250 dog training systems that no longer works . I could understand if the system was used on a daily basis that it could break but we only used the system on a weekly basis . When the system is in working order it is worth the money but with all the failures and additional money put into the system I would go with another manufacturer .
 So does the base of this feeder come apart ? Yea the glass is easy to clean but the base is very hard and I am about to throw mine in the garbage and buy a No. 1 Best feeder .
 wanted to like them ... greatest reviews online ... . hung them both ... . cost too much to return and were open and used ... . plastic base leaked in a pinhole ... . tried to fix and could not
 I just bought several feeders , ant guards and nectar which are made by this company.My purchase was through Amazon , so I have searched comments for help in here.The 203 CP is missing one bee guard , , as well as 2 yellow flowers for the model 209 . There are no instructions for attachment . Do I use string , wire or monofilament ? Was some cord supposed to be included ? What is the purpose of the red plastic rod in the jars?I am disappointed , because it 's impossible to put these out unless and until the company replaces the missing parts and answers questions about hanging ...
 I bought two of these feeders about 18 months ago . I was looking for a couple of the best feeders I could find . These were very well-reviewed , and they were made of glass.The bottles are heavy-grade quality glass with screw-on hanger tops . The bottlenecks are very narrow , which makes cleaning difficult , particularly if any mold has developed inside the bottle . Also , these are almost impossible to fill without a funnel.The feeder base is red plastic with snap-in flower feeders , and they are prone to leak . Worse , quite a variety of flying bugs and ants are able to get inside the feeder . The feeder base does not come apart , so you can only keep rinsing until the dead bugs stop floating out . You ca n't see the inside edges of the feeder to see if it 's clean enough . After about a year , the plastic flowers started breaking , so I gave up and tossed both feeders.Curiously , when I first ordered these and was waiting for them to arrive , I picked up a cheap little plastic feeder at a local store . Not only am I still using it , I just bought four more . They 're made by First Nature , and they come apart completely for cleaning . Bugs do n't seem to get inside these , either . They were less than half the price of this model , and the hummingbirds like them a lot .
 -LRB- This is Frank 's wife writing . He is n't in to dealing with hummingbird feeders . He just likes watching the birds . -RRB- I 'm not sure how well this hummingbird feeder actually works as I never tried it . As soon as I opened the box and found that the bottle for holding the food had a neck of less than an inch in diameter along with `` square shoulders '' , I realized that I would never be able to clean it thoroughly . -LRB- Had I been able to see a picture of the individual parts of the feeder , I would have realized it was n't for me and not ordered it . -RRB- I have hummingbird feeders that are truly easy to clean . However , they hold only 2 cups of food and at peak season out here on Whidbey Island -LRB- Washington state -RRB- , I was having to refill/top off my four feeders twice a day . So , the larger capacity of the Perky feeder appealed to me . Nevertheless , the ability to clean my feeders properly is more important to me than the convenience of not having to tend to them so frequently , so I returned the feeders to Amazon unused .
 First off , when I opened the box I noticed it had a very heavy glass bottle type dispenser . If you want this for a patio made of concert or stone you are going to be asking for a mess of broken glass to clean up when it falls . Yes it is goning to fall because of the design of the top cap . The top cap is a NOT a screw on . It just snaps into place . The cheap plastic hanger is just a coated wire that does n't hook to anything under the cap itself . It just sits there under the cheap plastic cap . One strong wind gust and it is a goner.Then there is as in the other reviews about the cleaning . Yes , it will almost impossible to clean inside the bottle , but I will not have to worry about that since mine hit the deck after just 5 days.Since I see so many good reviews about this item , I wander if the manufactor has changed the product since they were written . Here is a list of why not to buy this item .1 -RRB- 30 ounce HEAVY GLASS Bottle .2 -RRB- Cheap Design of a electrical wire hanger3 -RRB- A Lite Weight Plastic Top Cap with not enough strength to hold the 30 Onces of nectar , let alone the Heavy Glass Bottle .4 -RRB- Bottle Design makes cleaning next to impossible .
 Received the one I bought two days ago . But it has a design flaw . I wanted to use it by hanging it and did so . The problem is as long as it is perfectly flat as pictured every thing is OK . But the second it is slightly tilted -LRB- as when a breeze come through or a bird uses it -RRB- all the `` nector '' runs out and you have a mess on the ground or floor . Been using hummer feeders for years and this is the first one with this flaw . I beleive the flaw is the feeding holes are too big and any tilting outof perpendular breaks the surface tension and all the fluid runs out . Mine is now going in the trash . Barry
 I 've had this feeder for years and years and have fed many zillions of hummingbirds with it . It does n't leak , it holds a lot of nectar and as long as you do n't lose the yellow flowers for the base bees and ants do n't get in -LRB- if you lose them you can buy them seperately and replace them -RRB- But I 'm about to replace this feeder . It is just too much of a pain to clean.The reservoir is very large and made of glass , which is good . But the opening is very small . Its especially a problem if you forget to keep the nectar topped off and mold grows inside -- be prepared to scrub it out with a long handled bottle brush , and then rinse rinse rinse rinse rinse . Rinse some more.The base is even worse . It is full of edges and crevices and the only opening is through very narrow openings in the top . It does not dissassemble . How many wasted hours have I spent trying to get the base clean ? I 've had enough . I 'm getting a humzinger dish-type feeder .
 This feeder did not have a top or hook to hang it . It did have a wire but ???? I had the exact feeder that I liked and it lasted for years , but the feeder had a screw cap on top with a round hook . I returned the feeder and received another with a missing top .
 I doubt anyone could design a feeder that is harder to clean if they tried . The sealed plastic base is formed with so many internal nooks and crannies that it is impossible to clean without soaking the base in bleach . It is impossible to get a brush or cloth into the base to remove any debris or mildew . The base should have been fabricated so that it could come apart for easy cleaning . The same can be said for the narrow mouthed glass bottle - extremely hard to clean . The 30 ounce capacity is overly generous if you have one or two birds , because the nectar quickly ferments in warm weather and you end up tossing most of it away . On the plus side , the hummingbirds like the perch.My advice would be to purchase a feeder that :1 -RRB- is easy to take apart for cleaning and is relatively smooth inside , like a two part flat feeder that unscrews -LRB- see the Aspects Hummzinger -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- has a perch ; 3 -RRB- has no more than 12 ounce capacity , or you 'll waste the nectar ; 4 -RRB- is easy to hang -LRB- the wire on my most recently purchased Perky Pet feeder was too short to wrap around even a small branch -RRB- .
 I have had this feeder for 4 months and it is now leaking around the seam in the base . I wish I had listened to the bad reviews and not taken my chances !
 Having three Perky-Pet feeders , I find the 209 which allows 30 ounces of nectar to be too large . Since it is recommended to change the nectar every three days , I fill it at no more than 25 percent capacity . Also , I find if I fill it more than that , the downward pressure of the nectar forces droplets out of the feeding holes .
 It looked fine out of the box , but then I filled it with liquid and immediately it leaked out of the bottom -- the seal in the plastic base is defective , so the water leaks out of the opening in the seam . _ Really _ disappointing , since I 'm on an island and I ca n't just go out and buy another one .
 I bought 2 of these and they seem to be well built but they may be to big for my use , it takes to long for the birds to empty them and I only fill them halfway . I am cleaning my feeders every week or ten days and I am throwing a lot of sugar water away . A nice product but make sure you really need big feeders . I bought 2 because there was free shipping if I bought 2 . After using these feeders for less than 2 months they have both begun to leak , they drip sugar water on our concrete patio and ants are attracted to the small sweet spot on the concrete . I have also been unhappy to find that there is no way to open and clean the lower portion of the feeder . This is unhealthy for the birds that use them . Since I have had them past the return date it is not worth returning them to Amazon . I really got burned on this purchase and I have been a good Amazon customer , that may end . Do n't buy these feeders
 We have had several of these feeders and have never had a problem until now . The two halves of the lower pastic bowl wer n't welded together -LRB- or sealed -RRB- and leaked like a sieve . After taking it apart and gluing the two halves together it no longer leaks . There appears to be a small o-ring inside which did no good whats so ever since it 's ends did n't meet . We have always used these feeders and this is the first time we 've had this sort of a problem . We will continue to buy them but be more careful and test them when first using them .
 This product arrived broken , in suspicious packaging . Please see my review on Birdscapes 279 Deluxe Rose Petal 12-ounce Glass Hummingbird Feeder .
 Have owned this feeder for three years and the plastic rail around the bottom has busted off due to detioriation from the sunlight . Probably would be worth buying at a lower price .
 I did look this product over at a local hardware store.My husband saw an antique glass feeder that was being sold next to this one and we bought that instead and it works great . Important things to remember about feeders is that you need to be able to clean them every 3 or 4 days at the latest . Hummingbirds are delicate so its really important to keep to a cleaning routine . I make my own nectar 4 pts water -LRB- 2 cups -RRB- with 1 part organic sugar -LRB- 1/2 cup -RRB- . You boil it for 1 to 2 minutes , then cool and put in the fridge . Fills a glass feeder twice . I change usually on Sundays and Wednesdays . The hummingbird comes all the time . They are such wonderful creatures . Also , please do n't add red food coloring . You do not need it to attract them and its also potentially damaging . I place the feeder among my bleeding heart bushes.The bird frequents the feeder all day long .
 I have had so many problems with the quality of these feeders , all the Perky Pets , that I can no longer recommend them . The first several I bought in 1999-2005 worked great but subsequent ones all leaked .
 The base of the feeder was cracked and the water poured out . Had to be repaired before use .
 I was all set to love this feeder . I love the glass container , which holds a lot , stays looking clear , and is easy to clean thoroughly . I like the shape and appearance , and the birds love it . What I do n't like , and what is forcing me to retire it , is that the bottom plastic compartment is very difficult to thoroughly clean , and so black mold builds up . If you 're happy to clean the feeder and refill it everyday , this one would be fine . But if you 're like me , and view the large capacity as an excuse to empty it only once a week - not good . It will be moldy by then , despite all the boiling of the food and hot soapy water washing of the feeder you do . Bummer .
 When I bought this I though that the bottom would open so that I could clean it . It does n't . There is no hook on top , just a wire that you need to twist into a loop , which does n't seem secure . I would not buy it again .
 the feeder holds the large amount of liquid i need to feed the hummingbirds but the bottom keeps falling off and all my liquid keeps pouring out onto the ground . not to happy about that .
 hard to take apart the base . And the glass bottle has a VERY narrow opening . All in all , difficult to clean . Not recommended .
 I already had a Best Hummingbird feeder and dumb me I took a chance on this one . First of all it has a design flaw . The hummers around here are a bit shy at times and will `` hide '' on the other side . You ca n't see them . My other feeder has a glass bottle like this one , but a flat base , you can see the birds on the far side.It also leaks out of the seam and has to be returned.I wish I had another hand so I could give it three thumbs down.Get this kind instead : Best-1 32 Ounce Hummingbird Feeder
 Was a pin to me seeing ants infest the nectar I like the ones that have a any mote MUCH better , I bought this and one tha has the ant mote at the same time , and the ant mote one . . was by far better for our needs
 This is the first feeder that I had . It works ok and does attract hummers . It does not attract more hummers than my new feeder -LRB- Aspects Hummzinger Excel -RRB- but it does function.The real problem with this feeder is that it is impossible to clean quickly . I do n't want to spend ten minutes every three days scrubbing and soaking and all that . This feeder is simply a pain in the neck to clean . I have had other inverted bottle feeders and they are the same way . For ease of cleaning a basin style feeder is far better and is also bee/wasp proof by nature of design , not by some cheap snap on components . I also wonder why Perky-Pet insists on yellow flowers as yellow attracts bees , yet another element of poor design.For the money there are better feeders in both construction and design out there such as the Aspects Hummzinger feeders . Aspects stamps the nectar recipe on the feeder thus saving the consumer some money and safe guarding the hummer 's health . Hummingbirds do not need nutrients added to the nectar and red dye is also believed to be a possible thread to the hummers . Again Perky-Pet by selling artificial nectar shows a blatant disregard for the birds and a solo interest in profits ! Do n't waste your money on buying nectar , sugar water is cheaper and believed to be safer for the birds . Natural nectar is not dyed so do not buy colored nectar , or any nectar for that matter . Perky-Pet is only looking out for it 's financial interests by designing cheaply made feeders that are hard to clean and by selling nectar that is unneeded to an all too eager and hummer ignorant -LRB- like I was -RRB- public . If Perky-Pet had the BIRDS in mind they would engrave the nectar recipe -LRB- 1part sugar
 I had high hopes for this feeder , truly I did . I like the large capacity . I know my hummingbirds are attracted to the cheap red/yellow spouts . But I have no idea how to hang it . The box contained not a single instruction as to what to do with the screw-on lid with a hole in it and the flimsy red plastic/wire that comes with . Not so much as a picture hinting at optimal hanging procedures.So I have a relatively heavy glass hummingbird feeder that I 'm supposed to -LRB- somehow -RRB- suspend from a tree with a 7 inch straight red plastic/wire ? And once I add 30 ounces of fluid , how heavy will that be ? And how can this tiny plastic and wire concoction possibily support it?Methinks this may go back to Amazon.com for lack of basic instruction and/or common sense . I have an email out to the manufacturer who can hopefully clue me in as to how to efficiently deal with the essential issues .
 We purchased this hummingbird feeder last year for a spare and it has been hanging in storage until we needed it . Yesterday we decided to put it up since we have an abundance of `` hummers '' all of a sudden and much to our chagrin it immediately started leaking from two spots on the plastic bottom . It was brand new , never in contact with anything , just hanging up waiting until we needed it , and it started leaking immediately upon filling . We have had many hummingbird feeders and never had this problem . I would have asked for a refund but it has been a while since we ordered it , I guess we should have tried it out immediately just to test it but like mentioned , we never thought of it since it was new . I would not recommend this feeder for this reason .
 VERY POOR DESIGN !!! If I were you , I would be ASHAMED to say , `` This is our BEST PRODUCT '' . Only fills from one TINY hole , in the bottle . You MUST use a FUNNEL to add the nectar . This is a PAIN . Also , because the fill hole is SO SMALL , BOTTLE IS EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO CLEAN OF DRIED SUGAR & gets STICKY . GLASS LOOKS DIRTY , ALL OF THE TIME . VERY EASY TO DROP & BREAK . In addition , bees amd wasps are naturally attracted to the color YELLOW . So , what color did they make the flowers ? YELLOW !!! MAKES NO SENSE . ALSO , WHAT HAPPENED TO THE HOOK ? They give you a THIN PIECE OF WIRE , YOU HAVE TO BEND and fashion your own hook . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME . YOU 'LL SEND IT BACK ! WORST I 've purchased yet .
 Over the last eleven years I have purchased this item on three different occasions . Nonetheless , I will not buy it this time . Though the feeder 's capacity it excellent , cleaning it is absolutely impossible.As hummingbird enthusiasts know , these creatures are exceptionally sensitive to chemicals . Not only should n't you clean these feeders with ANY kind of dish-soap , but you CAN NOT clean them with bleach . This can potentially kill the birds . Likewise , hummingbirds are sensitive to mold . Here 's the catch-22 !! Unfortunately , as noted by other reviewers , this feeder 's reservoir does not disassemble , and cleaning this feeder properly is exceptionally difficult , IF NOT IMPOSSIBLE.One reviewer wrote to use grains of rice to clean this feeder . This is a brilliant idea ... and if you buy this feeder , try that !! But , please , do n't use bleach.As for me , I can not stand another year of cleaning this demonic `` thing . '' So , off to the hummzinger dish ... which is not as attractive , but it is safer -LRB- simply because I can not invest the time in cleaning this !! -RRB-
 It works fine until it 's time to clean it . Cleaning it is neigh impossible . The base does n't disassemble and there are lots of little crevices where mold can take hold . Mine has gone in the trash and I 'm looking for one that feeds birds AND is easy to clean . This one is n't it .
 i have bought many a hummingbird feeder , and this one i will not use or even pass on to someone else to use
 Purchased two feeders late lat year . This spring I noticed one of the two now leaks at the seam between the top and bottom portions of the base which is below the liquid level . No abuse or freezing , just leaks now . Soft slippery plastic is impossible to glue so feeder is junk .
 I purchased two more of these feeders because the hummingbirds emptied the 8 oz feeders -LRB- which I prefer because of ease of cleaning -RRB- with in 4 to 6 hours . The last two Perky Pet 209 feeders were useless , the top did n't fit , the tops had to be forced on and now wo n't come off . The tops would not screw on as they should , and of course wo n't screw off now . I would have returned them but I made the mistake of shredding the invoice.As mentioned by someone else in another review , the bottom feeder portion is impossible to clean . I take them apart every night now and rinse out the top with hot water and leave it soaking in clean water all night . I am not sure how long this will keep mold away though . I have purchased two types of brushes for cleaning feeders and they are both useless too . Do n't waste your money on the perky pet mop , or the other brushes Amazon sells that come in a set of three different sizes .
 2nd one I have bought , the first one lasted 6 months , the second one lasted two months . The plastic bottom leaks , purchase at your own risk .
 This was a Christmas gift and now just 3 months later the feeder is leaking around all the flowers ... totally useless . I have used this same type of feeder before and never had a problem like this .
 I ordered this thinking that the bottle fill opening would be as wide as the picture indicated , but it was n't . The opening to fill is about 1/2 -3 / 4 '' wide and hard to fill . I had to use a funnel . Yuk . Would not have purchased if I had known that . But , the large size bottle is nice .
 Ok , I am a hummer feeder , and I use the pictured feeder 100 % of the time-30 oz . I go through more than 1/2 gallon per day , so keeping clean is no trouble -LRB- 4 OF THEM -RRB- . If you are having trouble keeping clean , use a smaller glass feeder so you do n't have the build up . It may be a hassle to fill them more often , but so much safer . Keep a couple extra feeders so you can rotate and thoroughly clean your bottles just as you would when you use `` canning jars '' , even air drying is helpful so I rotate.The main reason that I am writing
 Here 's a great solution for the bleach debate - OxyClean or OxOBrite -LRB- latter is Trader Joe 's brand -RRB- . It 's non-toxic and safe for the environment and I would surmise a safer alternative to bleach for hummingbird feeders , yet , works like a charm . Hydrogen Peroxide works well too , but the foaming action of these products helps a bit . These products loosen that muck around the ports , but you really need a Droll Yankee port brush -LRB- GREAT PRODUCT ! -RRB- or a toothbrush to really get rid of that black gunk . It 's not possible to get at the inside of the ports with this feeder and that worries me . The saucer type feeders are by far the easiest to clean thoroughly . I have eight saucer feeders so I need EASY TO CLEAN as my # 1 priority . This one will be a spare for when I go on a trip and need to stretch my visiting hummers ' nectar needs beyond 2 days .
 I believe this to be a very nice humminbird feeder , however . mine arrived in 50 + pieces due to the packing . It was simply placed in a box along with a book that I had ordered ; there was no padding around it . The box was in tact , but even the book cover was scratched because of the broken glass slipping out of the feeder 's box . I am dissapointed in Amazon for taking such little care in their packaging . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00004RA8P Perky-Pet 209 Our Best 30-Ounce Glass Hummingbird Feeder -RRB- -RSB-
 We have used Perky Pet hummingbird feeds for years . We get so many birds , we have always chosen this larger feeder ; they still ran out daily due to the number of birds . Wanted to replace an old one so we ordered this one . It is not made as well as the old ones and the opening for the water is not as large and my funnel will not fit in it .
 The hook on the cap is flimsy and the first week we had it the hook broke !
 The fact that this is one of the most popular hummingbird feeders on the market is mostly due to its wide availability , cheap price , and gaudy styling rather than its quality . I used these feeders for years before discovering better designs , and I came to hate them . The first thing I noticed was that they 're hard to clean , with too many small parts and hard-to-reach tubes and crevices . It takes way too long to take the feeder apart , get all the parts clean , and reassemble it.The next thing that became apparent is that the bee guards really do n't do a very good job . Honeybees and wasps ca n't reach the solution , but some long-tongued bumblebees can , and tiny bees just crawl right inside the bee guard -LRB- and often right into the bottle ! -RRB- . The insects really swarm around when the solution oozes out , as it 's prone to do on warm days -LRB- particularly if you refill the bottle with refrigerated solution -RRB- . It did n't take long to discover that this feeder is also not very durable . The plastic parts do n't hold up to exposure to sunlight , becoming brittle and loose over time -LRB- more quickly in sunny or high-elevation areas -RRB- . The hardened glass bottle is actually the most durable part of this feeder , while the yellow bee guards are the first parts to break down . The size is okay , though if you 've only got one or two hummingbirds visiting you wo n't want to fill the feeder completely.The best hummingbird feeders cost about twice as much as this model , but they will last at least 10 times as long . The feeders I use now are the Hummzingers from Aspects , the Droll Yankees LF , and the Hummerfest from Nature Products Inc. , and the only one I 've ever had to retire got a crack in the basin when I dropped it on a sharp rock -LRB- it was full at the time - I do n't think it would have broken had it been empty -RRB- . I never use anything in my feeders except the solution recommended by all hummingbird experts
 I had this hummingbird feeder . The birds used it , but the feeder was very difficult to keep clean . It tended to get mold in all those little nooks and crannies . In hot weather , you need to change the sugar water every 3-4 days . Choose a hummingbird feeder that is easy to clean .
 This feeder works well , but I 'm now looking for a non-plastic feeder . The plastic base has already cracked and made it very difficult to screw the glass container back into . Flimsy product . Try something more long-lasting . This product lasted less than one year and now is only good for the landfill .
 When the feeder is filled to the top , its thin plastic sides come apart under the weight of seeds , spilling them along the joints and preventing the anti-squirrel cover from sliding down or lifting back . Returning right away .
 I was having serious trouble with the squirrels eating all our bird seed , so I decided that I was going to try this so-called squirrel proof feeder . It worked for a short time until the squirrels figured out how to open the feeder from the top ! No matter how many times I tried to snugly attach the lid , they were able to get in and eat the entire supply of bird seed.Finally , one night , we heard some strange sounds outside . We went and looked and there was a squirrel stuck upside inside the feeder . He was freaking out . We ended up having to get the Humane Society guy out in the middle of the night . Because the squirrel 's foot was wrapped around the wire inside the feeder , the Humane Society guy had to tear the bird feeder apart to rescue the little guy . The squirrel had a bloody foot , but was otherwise okay . And that was the traumatic end to that bird feeder.Since then , I 've invested in one of Wild Birds Unlimited 's Advanced Pole System with a squirrel baffle and I have n't a problem since .
 Purchased this feeder and the squirrels ate over a Lb of food in one day.I have adjusted the springs to the lightest setting with no help in avoiding them eating from it . I have watched them hanging from it and the way they avoid setting the slide to go down is they keep both rear feet on the lid . Save your money ...
 I purchased this feeder locally and was very disappointed . The holes are not covered completely when the frame lowers down from the weight of the squirrel . Our squirrels would just let it slide down , and then reach their hands right through the narrow opening that was still there . Unlike some other similar style feeders , the spring on this feeder can not be adjusted . It 's also very tricky to get the lid to stay on after filling the feeder . It has a clamp to adjust it , but if the feeder tips even a bit sideways while you are hanging it , the lid falls off . Amazingly , the weight and shifting of the squirrels did not make the lid slide off though . I brought this right back for a refund after about 4 days .
 Birdscapes 350 Squirrel-Be-Gone I Feeder , 6 lb capacityThe squirrel be gone feature works well but the design of the feeding stations allowed too much seed to fall onto the ground.I watched the sparrows spill half of the feeder in a very short time , now I have to attach a seed catcher to save the seed that falls .
 This is NOT a squirrel proof bird feeder . We have had it up for about a week and the squirrels have had a feast .
 This feeder drops the seed even when there are no birds on it . Poor design is the problem , not a feeder that I would recommend to anyone .
 These bird feeders are not squirrel proof at all . Within 10 minutes , the squirrels had emptied the feeder . We refilled and tried again with no success . I have bought much cheaper feeders that worked better . I am terribly disappointed in the product and would not encourage anyone to buy item .
 I 've had this feeder for over a year and as a regular feeder , this is great . However I did n't realize it was squirrel proof until it popped up in my search for a new feeder . I 've been watching a few obese squirrels run up my pole , reach over and gorge . Or they simply jump to the feeder and attach themselves to the sides as they shove seed and mix into their bulging mouths.Yes , it may pull the feeder down blocking the stations , but only after some time passes and then I have to lift it back up . If you have baffles then it 's a great feeder , but there 's very little squirrel proof about it . In fact my squirrels seem to love it and have gained lots of weight since its been out .
 Although this feeder appears very sturdy it leaves much to be desired . The center wire that runs through the center of the feeding bin allows for the feeder to spin wildly in the wind . I had to drill a hole on each side of the roof and attach a ` Y ' shaped wire that eliminates that spin . Further , the feeding tray where the birds eat the seed has no drainage holes and fills with water . Again , I had to drill four small drain holes to correct that problem . All in all , the feeder is not worth the money unless they correct these flaws . Other than that , it 's perfect .
 Perhaps the squirrels in Maryland are more creative and determined , but ever since we hung the feeder last week , we 've been inundated with squirrels in our backyard . So far , we 've seen one bird using the feeder . The squirrels are able to balance themselves on the bar without it dropping them in order to get to the seed . Twice they have knocked the feeder onto the ground , spilling the contents everywhere . A relative of ours who also has this feeder reports the same problem . The feeder is more secure now and they ca n't knock it off , but they are still able to readily get to the seed.We 've admitted defeat to the squirrels , but at least our cats have a blast chasing them out of the yard !
 I purchased this bird feeder as I have others in hopes of them being squirrel proof . The squirrel 's always seem to out smart me because they are succeeding again because they do n't pull down on the bar . The feed tray holds water if you get a hard rain and their is n't a drain hole which is a little problem.The feeder is easy to fill which is a plus .
 I chose to order this particular item because of prior success with the brand . This one has been a huge disappointment . The top will not stay on , and the squirrels seem to actually enjoy climbing down and knocking the top off . Would be very happy to exchange for one that will live up to its name ...
 Its been up for about a week ... we replaced our regular hopper-style feeder with this in hopes of saving birdseed and to stop feeding the squirrels which would literally EMPTY it out faster than i could keep it full ... so much for that . Now , birds RARELY go to this one and sure enough ... the pesky little squirrels STILL found a way to beat the ` trap ' no matterwhat I do ! Its cheaply made , the plexiglass behind the feeding area was bowed in so when its filled with seed it flows out there ! Im probably going to be returning this $ $ $ feeder for something better if I still can ?! Avoid this and save your money !! -LRB- check out the photo for proof ! -RRB-
 i was sent this as a gift and it worked for about one week . Squirrels simply unscrewed the adjustment screw til it fell on the ground . I put it back on so it unscrewed it again and brought the screw into the woods where it is to this day . Ca n't find it . No screw and the squirrels are just emptying it to their hearts content . I 'll try another one . i miss the birds . My cats miss their little form of TV outside from the screened porch . Too sad .
 Does not workThe squirrel jumps from the ground and feeds awayI have adjusted to bar in many positions
 I have to agree with those not recommending this feeder . The squirrels in my yard somehow just pry the lid up and crawl into the feeder . I have tried several things to make the top more secure , but ended up buying a different feeder .
 This feeder seems well made however if you hang it , it will spin in the wind and the one I received hangs crooked because it is not balanced . It is also heavy and you will need a strong hanger . I intended to mount it on top of a pole attached to the bottom of the feeder . However the bottom of the feeder is attached at an angle to the sides . Therefore if you mount the feeder to the top of a pole it will sit at an angle . I would suggest you keep looking !
 Squirrel climes up . Tray closes . Squirrels pull the feed out from around the `` closed '' tray . They stay perched up on the tray for 20 minutes at a time as they eat through the feed.This is n't a bird feeder . It 's a squirrel feeder , masquerading as a bird feeder .
 This is a great looking bird feeder , there are two drawbacks 1 . It 's very heavy and of course heavier with the addition on the seed . 2 . There are NO DRAINAGE HOLES , the seed quickly molds and goes bad .
 I loved this container despite the fact that the lid can fall off when my dog wants to tip it over . I know it 's suppose to `` snap '' but it does n't seem to hold too well if 40 pounds of dog food is pushing it when it 's on it 's side . But I overlooked that fault because it looks better than the regular vittles vault . HOWEVER , I 'm so upset how I found ants inside the container the other day . I always make sure it 's shut tight because like mentioned above . . my dog will open it if it 's loose . Maybe I just got a weird one but sad I ca n't return it because it 's been past the 30 days .
 This would have been a great container . The spinning portion of the lid works great . However , you are supposed to snap the lid onto the base to create a permanent seal . Both my husband and I could not get it to snap . I also tried calling the company to see if they could send me a replacement lid , but they never returned my call .
 This absolutely did not work as advertised . It says to `` snap '' the top in place and then use the vault opening . Well , the top does not snap in place or stay snapped . There are gaps in the top underneath where the ants got in and invaded my dog 's food . I tried everything to get the lid to snap airtight and it would not . I even had several strong men helping me and they could get it on but it would pop out again . Obviously manufactured poorly or I got a bad one somehow . I bought duck tape today and taped all around the lid to see if that helps . I am beyond disappointed and have notified the manufacturer .
 We used this container to store our dog food . The lid sealed very well but the plastic of the container was n't very thick or sturdy . It definitely was not heavy duty . One day it slipped out of my hands while getting my dog 's dinner and it fell about three feet to the ground and the whole bottom shattered . I was worried my dog would ingest plastic shards while going for the food everywhere . It was a little bit scary.We emailed customer service and they responded within a few days to say the plastic was n't covered because we had too much food in the container . It was only about 1/3 full so what 's the deal with that?If you purchase this container do n't let it ever leave the floor !
 The vittles vault , although it looked like a definite winner , was not airtight . Not sure if this was an issue for everyone , but with my vault if you squeeze on the side a bit it will expel and bring back in air . After further inspection , the sides of my vittles vault will not clamp all the way down . Even if forced to do so , the clips just pop back off . For this reason I am giving it a 2 star rating , as it is not much more than an expensive rubbermaid tote at this point . Really wanted to like this , but I ca n't with this kind of QC.Update
 Unit worked for about 5 months , until the rain season came and the food was swarmed by ants . Lost $ 60 worth of dog food . Purchase the vittle vault . I used the original vittles vault for 10 years and never experienced an issue .
 While this is a very nice dog food container , it does not hold 40 # , it probably holds < 35 # . I had a brand new bag of dog food , with just a small size of kibble for a schnauzer , and it did not hold the entire bag . Just to be sure , I checked the label on the side of the container , and it said it will hold 40 # of dog food . Maybe it depends upon the size of the kibble , but this product is not as advertised .
 Ordered 2 of these thinking I was going to be happy because of all the reviews . got 2 day shipping so I would have proper storage for the food I just bought . Each one of the 2 I ordered came separately in its own package , as JUST THE BASE . No top . Are you serious ? How do you have an air tight item without a lid ?
 The lid on this will never stay down and the slightest about of sway causes it to come loose . squirrels have literally been able to open it and reach in and throw the food out ! Do not buy . . I will be retunring this ...
 Hello , the item arrived on time , but at my surprise when I opened the box , it was all bent . One of the side doors was bent so much that the enamel was chipped . The bottom grid also was bent , along with the sides of the cage . Cheap item both in price AND QUALITY . I do not think I am going to buy anything else from this seller .
 This cage was purchased for our Male canary . It took some time for the cage to arrive but when it did , the box was ripped and when my daughter and wife removed the cage from the box , all the wire panels were bent . Plastic wire ties had to be used to keep the wire panels together after assembly . As my wife hung the cage up , the plastic tray slid right out onto the floor spilling all its contents . The tray will not support any type of bottom bedding and even slides out with 3 layers of newspaper . I do not recommend this cage at all and am sorry to have waisted my money on it .
 This is a very very difficult toy to maintain . Gravel is extremely difficult to remove and clean without getting the cardboard background wet . After one cleaning the cardboard background gets wet and that 's the end of that.The plastic scratches very easily and pieces of the periscope broke off easily as well . Goldfish need lots of water and this does n't lend itself to many types of fish.I have never had such a difficult time trying to maintain the integrity of the toy while trying to keep fish alive and the tank clean as well.NOT recommended at all . Save your money for a `` real '' tank .
 `` Customers who bought this item also bought ... '' . That 's the bit that is easily overlooked when one orders that item . Once the toy arrives you will be surprised to know that a number of accessories are also needed.It takes a lot of time to finding some , and a lot more creative thinking for others -LRB- gravel ! -RRB- . And then this compound starts getting highly educational as you have to teach the child to handle his/her birthday present the way a nurse would normally deal with patients under intensive care.The whole thing is a little disappointing overall . An actual comment about this item was nothing les than `` this package sure is nice '' . Maybe the idea is interesting , but will offer more headaches than fun to your family .
 I have been an aquarium enthusiast for a while and whenever I see things like this it drives me crazy . Anything smaller than a 20 or 30 gal tank is a waste of money . Anything smaller than that is difficult to sustain . It would be very disappointing to your child in the long run to buy this . Go buy the real thing !
 A tank this small should only be used for a Betta fish . Any other fish will need a good filter , heat , and oxygenation . And still it is way to small to even be worth it . My advice to you is to save your money , and go buy a 10 gallon kit and have that as your starter aquarium . Then you can keep some realy fish . Also goldfish should be kept in at least a 30 gallon aquarium , so i even if you get a 10 gallon , please research the fish before you buy them .
 We purchased this for our nephew who loves fish and thought this would be neat to see inside . Well it was a lot different than the pic shows . .1 . a lot smaller 2 . the scope was not very well made so kids could not see well inside . 3 . it was cheapy made & looking . The price was not bad considering but lets just say they used it for only a few months and now it is in the garage .
 Red dye has never been scientifically tested for safety as a hummingbird food supplement , and while its health effects on birds are unproven , red dye is suspected by licensed rehabilitators of causing cancer in hummingbirds . Further , in preference tests , hummingbirds consistently choose plain sugar syrup -LRB- one part cane sugar to four parts water , nothing else added -RRB- over packaged mixes or homemade syrup containing dye , presumably because the dye tastes wrong to them . They also do not like beet sugar.If hummingbirds seem to prefer this mix over plain sugar water , it 's probably because the sugar water has fermented -- it must be changed and the feeder cleaned as soon as it starts getting cloudy -- and the fresh mix is the lesser of two evils . Many , many people report getting several times more hummingbirds after switching from this mix to plain sugar water.A 1:4 sugar water syrup is nearly identical to natural flower nectars from plants that hummingbirds use . The contents of Perky-Pet 's mix are not listed , since none of the protective government regulations apply to animal food , but analyses of the mix usually show a host of bacteria and other contaminants , presumably from unregulated and unsanitary handling practices . Sugar is cheap -- why take a chance on the health of your hummingbirds?I would rate this product with negative stars if it were possible .
 This product is an overpriced box of sugar and food coloring . The same effect can be achieved cheaper by using 1 part sugar to 4 parts water and not using red food coloring . Hummingbirds will be sufficiently attracted to the feeder without the food coloring .
 `` Artificial nectar '' mixes such as this are NOT recommended by hummingbird experts . They contain dyes and preservatives , chemicals that are not found in natural flower nectar and may have long-term effects on the birds ' health . The red dye is not necessary to attract the birds -LRB- the bright color of the feeder will do that -RRB- and may have an unpleasant taste . Tests have shown that , when offered a choice , hummingbirds favor plain sugar water over dyed solutions . Any added `` nutrients '' are present in such small quantities as to be useless to the birds , which fill all their major nutritional needs by eating insects and other invertebrates . Also , there is nothing in these mixes to justify the price , which is 5 to 8 times the cost of ordinary white sugar -LRB- which is actually sucrose , the natural sugar hummingbirds prefer above all others -RRB- . A simple solution of 4 parts water to 1 part sugar is convenient , inexpensive , and much more natural for the birds.Sheri Williamson , author of `` Attracting and Feeding Hummingbirds ''
 I have 5 hummingbird feeders around my home , three on the back deck . In one feeder I put homemade sugar solution , in the other 2 I used the Instant Nectar . The only thing the Nectar attracted was ants . The hummingbirds consumed the sugar solution readily , so much so I had to refill the containers multiple times over the season , and left the Nectar untouched.Well , to be fair not only ants enjoyed the Nectar . There were some wasps which seemed to be drawn to it , too.Bottom line
 Feeding them sugar and water may be insufficient . One manufacturer of nectar says that such food does not contain the vitamins , minerals and liquid organic compounds necessary for hummingbird diets . Good intentions and enjoyment derived from feeding the simple nectar may be shortening the life-span of the birds.If anyone knows more about this , please post a review , thanks . Tgrnry
 This product is colored sugar and is overpriced . Just mix 1 part white sugar and 4 parts water , boil for a few minutes . It costs 10 times less and is healthier for the birds . THEY DO NOT need red color in their nectar . I have six feeders on my yard and I attract dozens of birds with just sugar water .
 i love the perky pet feeders , they 're my faves , but the nectar is a waste . i can mix 25 % sugar to 75 % water and get a cheaper , easier mix , without additives . do it yourself -- cheaper and better for the birds .
 Nice . The CHE arrived broken . When I plugged it in , it remained cold . I shook it and heard a broken part rattling inside . I guess ordering light bulbs is a bad idea . Next CHE I get will be in a store so I can return it if it does n't work .
 Number one you need to buy a light fixture that is at least twice the recommended wattage of the heat emitter . I have a 150w hooked up to a huge 300w fixture , now after this one fused it 's self to the light fixture and then blew up .
 Maybe because it is in the wire cage clip suggested and heat disperses , but there is more heat coming from a light bulb than this thing . Hard to tell if it is even on .
 I place it in my house and it is so powerful that it just heat my whole house up and I got so dry that I can not use it anymore . I return the item after using it for a day . I think you do n't want to see your pets ' skin crack because of extreme dryness .
 I wish whole heartedly someone could help me resolve this issue . They are not even answering my calls or emails anymore - and I have never received a working ceramic heat emitter . I need it for an ill iguana .
 I was buying the emitter to replace the one I already had that had gone bad . The original emitter I bought was great and served it 's purpose . However , the one I recieved from here was loose from the metal and caused sparks if it was barely bumped !! Dangerous for my little hedge hog ! May have been a defect with the one but I still need a replacement .
 These must be seconds because they separate off of the metal socket threads , and the socket threads are smashed down so you ca n't even get them screwed in easily . These are junk , broken and I 'm returning all of them . What a waste of time .
 I wanted to use this on a red tail boa that I had in a 40 gallon breeder tank . I had it on for several minutes -LRB- probably about 30 -RRB- and it would not heat the basking area of the tank sufficiently which is about 16 inches away from the lamp . I replaced it with what I had before and am currently using , a red heat lamp bulb . I gave this 2 stars instead of only one because it DID get hot , and I mean scorching hot , but it did n't radiate heat much past about 6 inches .
 This stopped producing heat within two months . The info says it should last up to 5 years ! I ca n't believe it broke so soon .
 Unit did not work right out of the box . Very disappointed with the product . No real directions on how to return it . DO NOT PURCHASE !!
 Zoo Med ReptiCare Ceramic Infrared Heat Emitter 150 Watts.I liked this bulb when I received it and thought it was of good quality.It worked for about two weeks and quit one cold night.When I removed the bulb from the lamp socket I noticed that the metal base was loose and there had been electrical arcing that burned through the meal screw thread base on the bulb in a couple of places.It seems to me that this represents a fire hazard.My guess is that the manufacturer is having these made by the low bidder in China and they are using inferior materials.I looks like the metal base is glued on with some sort of ceramic adhesive that did not work properly , this let the base come loose and the neutral wire from the bulb element is just stuck under the metal base , not soldered or welded.All in all a nice looking heat bulb that has been `` value engineered '' to the point where it is not a good product and seems likely to be a fire hazard .
 I just bought my fourth Zoo Med heater , which does a great job of taking the edge off the cold for my small chicken coop . The problem is -- they all fail the same way -- the bond between the ceramic and the metal screw base lets go . I have n't gotten around to exploring a way to mount it differently , maybe place it in a metal basket so the weight of the ceramic does n't bear on the base seal . Anyway , it 's too bad such a great product is n't more reliable .
 This is the worse possible rabbit hutch to buy . Ours began to fall apart not even after a year . Called the Ware company and they would not do anything
 Bought a few of these to see if they would be a suitable replacement for a brand that is hard to find in my area.After one of my cat 's jaw became stuck in a collar , another became caught on a fence and could n't break free , I decided to remove the collars and throw them all away.These collars are poorly-designed -- a second loop of fabric ends up getting caught on passing objects -- and dangerous to boot.NOT recommended .
 I purchased eight of these collars , one for each of our cats . They are horrible and DO NOT BREAK AWAY but continue to tighten to the point of almost strangling two of our cats . They became so tight that we could barely get the collars off of our cats . I am asking for my money back - DO NOT BUY THESE COLLARS !!!!
 Got this to take my cats to the vet . The only real problem is that they could escape unless the zippers were held tightly by hand.Pros : - Lightweight , collapsable design is easier to store than hard plastic case-Washable liner providedCons : - The zipper and clasp closure leaves enough room for my cats to stick their heads out . If they push hard enough , they can loosen the zippers and jump all the way out-Stitching has started to fray even after light use -LRB- probably only 5 times in the past 4 years -RRB- . Not recommended for cats ! If you have a dog , this may not apply .
 My little kitten was able to push this `` X-super heavy '' bowl across the kitchen , tip it over , and spill out all the water as soon as we put it down .
 received this product today , the rubber strip that fits the bottom to keep the bowl from sliding is dry-rotted and too small to go around the whole bowl , metal is very thin . Explains why the price is so low , it 's a cheap product , you get what you pay for !
 There is absolutely no way that this bowl could be described as `` heavyweight '' , nevermind `` super heavyweight '' . It is light as a feather !
 I bought this heater from Global Pets through Amazon on the 7th of December and it got to me on the 17th . I installed it and made sure that it was working and forgot about it and let it do it 's thing , i.e. warming my snake . On the 28th of December I noticed that my snake was n't acting normally and I found that the heater had stopped working . I emailed Global Pets and got a reply back the next day stating that I would have to take my problem up with the manufacturer . I read Global Pets return policy and it clearly states that if an item is defective then it should be returned within 30 days and the costs including shipping would be refunded . I called them and pointed out their return policy but the rep just kept saying that I had to take it up with the manufacturer . I asked him directly many times , `` Are you refusing to take care of this product ? '' and he did n't answer me but just kept repeating , `` You have to take it up with the manufacturer . '' Global Pets does not stand behind their products that they sell and , apparently , their return policy is totally false.Products sometimes are defective and I do n't hold Zoo Med responsible for this problem . This heater was defective but the next one works just fine . I DO , however , encourage everyone to be VERY wary about buying from Global Pets . I will not buy from them again and I encourage you to not buy from them as well.I ended u p filing a claim with Amazon and , of course , Amazon took care of the problem AND , they took care of it quickly , within five days.Thanks very much to Amazon !!! and BOO ... HISS ... to the evil Global Pets .
 This product -LRB- which the company discontinued for a reason -RRB- stopped working a month after I bought it . These ceramic heat emitters either work or they dont . I have bought several others , and had others break on me . WORTHLESS .
 My little kitten was able to push this `` X-super heavy '' bowl across the kitchen , tip it over , and spill out all the water as soon as we put it down .
 received this product today , the rubber strip that fits the bottom to keep the bowl from sliding is dry-rotted and too small to go around the whole bowl , metal is very thin . Explains why the price is so low , it 's a cheap product , you get what you pay for !
 There is absolutely no way that this bowl could be described as `` heavyweight '' , nevermind `` super heavyweight '' . It is light as a feather !
 We ordered the product ... our dog loves them ... but no one cares if its 100 degrees outside . recieved in one big melted ball . thought they would ship in dry ice . If its summer or hot in your area dont order them !!
 BY THE TIME I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT ALL 3 PACKAGES WERE MELTED SO ALL HAD TO BE THROWN AWAY BECAUSE EVERYTHING IN EACH BAG HAD MELTED TOGETHER
 I can not believe that this is actually for sale . It needs to be recalled . Sugar is absolutely unhealthy for all your pets . They do not digest/assimilate sugar like we do . Every Vet will tell you the same thing and you will never see any quality treats or food that has sugar or corn syrup on the ingredient list . If you do see it on the list , DO NOT BUY IT !!
 I was getting a light flicker , or issues with it just not turning on , and when i opened it up , I noticed that the wire was exposed from rubbing on the inlet hole . I opened the second one to find the same thing . . dangerous ... I was able to cut and rewire them and no problems since . . I tossed one out in favor of a larger clip lamp from lowes which i would recommend over these due to the better quality , longer plug , higher wattage , and lower price .
 It was crunched up like a tin-can but the box was in perfect shape . with a bit of hammering i returned it to a working shape .
 HAVE ONLY HAD LAMP FOR 6MONTHS , AND USE FOR A MAXIMUM OF ONE AND HALF HOURS A DAY FOR TURTLES TO BASK , LAMP HAS ALREADY STOPPED WORKING !!!!! : , -LRB- NOT SO HAPPY !!!
 I had this lamp on a timer . I set it on my carpeted floor and left the room to get water for the reptile tank . In the short time I was gone , the lamp turned on and burned a hole not just through my carpeting but through the pad and even charred the floor . This lamp is an accident waiting to happen because the 150 watt bulb extends out almost to the end of the reflector and it has no protective metal cage . Be safe , do n't buy it . If you buy it , do n't use a timer . In a matter of seconds it can scorch a carpet .
 The manufacturer 's label is glued into the bowl where the water will go . The label does n't peel off . Even though it says `` lifetime warranty '' , I have been unable to track down this manufacturer online to take advantage of the warranty . I have tried to wash off the remains of the label with the best scrubbing sponge for non-stick dishes - I do n't want to use a Brillo pad on it and damage the shiny finish . Since I ca n't risk the glue gradually dissolving in my dog 's water , I ca n't use this bowl . A waste of my money .
 The design of these bowls are neat and helps prevent the ears from getting wet , most of the time . However , the rubber rings around the bottom are not so neat . After just one washing I could predict trouble in the future but to my surprise , it was the very near future . After just a couple of washings , the rings came off completely and are stretched out and tore very easily . Still , the bowls get pushed around when being used by the dog . I find this to be very annoying when the rubber rings wereLoving Pets Standard No-Tip Dog Bowl , 32-Ouncea great expection for me when I made the purchase .
 Unfortunately , this bowl 's circumfrence is too large for my dogs . I might as well use a regular bowl .
 I ordered 2 of these for a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel thinking that they were supposed to be the old `` traditional '' Poodle bowls with the smaller mouth opening -LRB- they 're hard to find these days -RRB- but it was n't . This is too large for the smaller long eared breeds and would be best for larger Cocker pups or correct sized adult Cocker Spaniels . Avoid these bowls for toy and most miniture Poodles as well . Their ears will get wet/dirty with these . This picture needs to be replaced with a proper image of what is really being sold .
 This bowl is not narrow enough at the top to keep a dogs ears clean . I have 2 full grown cockers and this exact bowl did not work to keep their ears out of the food . Do not buy this bowl if your buying for that purpose because it wont work !!!!
 I have an English Cocker Spaniel . Her ears still got wet with these bowls . Also , it was easy for her to pull off the rubber that lines the bowl . I would have to keep putting it back on , which is a hassle . Eventually the rubber wore out and I was tired of trying to get it back on so I threw them out and get some better ones from PetCo that has rubber that can not come off . I would n't recommend these for `` long eared dogs '' ! Also , the quality is not best .
 I bought two of these for my Cocker Spaniel 4 month old puppies . I did not realize the mouth part would be that big so their whole face including their ears go in to the bowl . It kind of defeats the purpose of the dish being for long ear dogs . I put the bowls away for now and hope when they get older they will grow into them.Update
 This bowl does tip and is not narrow enough to keep my dog 's ears out of it . Not what it claims to be . I should have returned it .
 This dish is NOT SUITABLE for mid-size or smaller Spaniels . It is designed for LARGE dogs . It also does not match the image . The image matches the smaller bowls that the supplier -LRB- PPE -RRB- lists on its website , but CLAIMS it does not stock!Don ' t buy this product unless your dog is HUGE !!! Otherwise , both ears will be soaked or dirty when your Spaniel eats from one of these dishes.The supplier -LRB- PPE -RRB- was a real `` pain '' to deal with and refused to take the bowls back unless I paid return shipping and had all the original packaging and stick-on labels which shred when you remove them . Why would I want to pay $ 10 shipping for a $ 20.00 refund?When the supplier -LRB- PPE -RRB- turned out to be unreasonable , AMAZON DID THE RIGHT THING and gave me a full refund.Amazon gets 5 stars . PPE gets 5 thumbs-down .
 This cat door lasted exactly 8 days before the determined one -LRB- s -RRB- figured out how to tear it apart -- and they tore off most of the slider for the lock the first night . Not keeping THEM inside if they want to go out , that 's for sure . Cheap-o plastic ca n't stand up to an animal with a brain the size of a walnut ? - > Total waste of time and money .
 Not sure how to review this . The item was nice-looking and I liked that it was dark in color and would n't stand out like the white ones do . I also like the smoked flap . However , the flap hinge immediatley broke and item had to be returned . Nice appearance , may have gotten a flawed door , but it was not durable .
 Wish i 'd read the other review first -LRB- my bad ! -RRB- . completely correct ; product does n't hold it 's water at all , drips continually so that within a few hours a -RRB- the hutch is drenched and b -RRB- the rabbit 's out of water . horrible ! amazon should n't offer this product at all !
 This product has 2 flaws . 1 . It does not attach easily to a wire crate , even with the spring attachment hanger . 2 . It is not drip resistant . It drips from the very first fill . I thought it had stopped , but when I got home at the end of the day , the entire bottle had leaked out into the cage .
 We did not buy these from Amazon , BUT we tried two of these for our pet chinchillas . Not good at all.They either drip incessantly or prevent any water flow - sounds strange , but it 's true of both bottles we had.If you have one of these for your pet please check levels daily - it 's pretty obvious if it drips , but not so if the poor little critters are getting no water.Based on our experience look for a different bottle .
 Drips continually until out of water . Not just an occasional drip but empty within 2-3 hours . Have attached it to the cage in many different ways and removed the little duck that floated inside , still does n't help . . still drip drip drip ... . When I read the other reviews I ordered anyway thinking `` I 've never had that problem before these people must be doing something wrong . '' Nope ... it drips it drips it drips ... I really have no idea how a company can put something so faulty on the market but * they did * stop dripping !
 Not a good deal - dripless water bottle if no animal tries to use it ... after that it keeps dripping until it 's empty !
 I WAS SO EXCITED TO GET NEW WATER BOTTLES FOR MY BUNNIES AND GUINEA PIG.THIS WAS A POOR CHOICE APPARENTLY . THE METAL MOUTHPIECE IS NOT AT THE CORRECT ANGLE . IT IS NOT LONG ENOUGH TO EXTEND INTO THE CAGE FROM OUTSIDE AND STILL HANG VERTICALLY . OUR OTHER BOTTLES , CRITTER CANTEEN BRAND . . ALSO THE SAME COMPANY ... DO WORK ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE CAGE . SO THIS IS VERY CONFUSING . I THINK THE COMPANY NEEDS TO TAKE A BIT MORE TIME AND CARE IN MAKING SURE THEIR PRODUCT ACTUALLY WORKS BEFORE TRYING TO SELL IT ! THIS IS TRUE FOR THE 32 OZ AND THE 16 OZ BOTTLE SIZES . : - -LRB- I WAS FORCED TO HANG THE BOTTLE INSIDE THE CAGE , WHICH IS NOT A GOOD IDEA AS THE PET WILL NOW BE ABLE TO CHEW THE BOTTLES . AND IN ORDER TO HANG INSIDE , YOU HAVE TO RIG IT WITH AN ADDITIONAL PIECE OF WIRE AROUND THE SPOUT .
 This water bottle is absolute rubbish . I bought two of them thinking they would be nice for my hedgehogs . They hold a lot of water and do n't obstruct the view into the cage . The duck water level is cute too . Aesthetics are the only redeeming qualities for these water bottles . Functionality is zero . A single band is supposed to keep up the bottle but when full of water the weight is too great , it drops out onto the cage floor . I had to jimmy my own fix to this - why buy a product that does n't work . Additionally , once full , the bottles literally spewed water . I tried multiple times and came back to a flooded cage . I would never buy these again and have instead started using a dish . Do n't waste your money on these or risk that you leave your pets with no water .
 Within 1 week of owning this , it got rusty and I had to throw it away . I was afraid my Sugar Glider was gon na get sick .
 We ordered this gate with the special attachments for our staircase . First of all , we had to order 4 different pieces to make it work , since they make you order each little piece separately . We spent all night putting it together and it did n't work for us . The actual gate is very small , I do n't see how it would be big enough for any opening . Even with the extension kit , it was still not long enough . The extension kit is so rickety that it just kept falling apart . It is a very poor design and way overpriced . We spent over $ 150 -LRB- with shipping and all of the extras we had to buy -RRB- for this piece of junk that just kept falling apart . Save your money and buy a different gate !
 This gate just does n't work . The gate wobbles when you open it because one of the four tension parts needs to be removed as it is part of the gate to swing open . The welding is poorly done . Not worth the money .
 I bought this dock for my female red-eared slider . I would not recommend it at all unless you have a very small or young turtle . The dock is too light , so when the turtle gets on it , it tilts to one side so the turtle is still fully submersed in water . It 's also very difficult for the turtle to get on the dock because it is just too light and flimsy . Need something more sturdy!I 'm returning this item !
 The plastic get `` slimy '' by the end of the day when I use it for water.Also , this was made in China and according to a local testing lab , this is the kind of plastic that the FDA has said is dangerous to use in baby bottles ... I do n't want to take a chance and use this for my cats and dog .
 I liked these bowls at first until I saw how slimey the bowls are during washing . It also picks up alot of lent . I would NOT buy these for my dog again .
 The picture on this item does not match the product !! It is not one piece that covers the whole top ! It is 4 pieces that fit a tank with a center brace . No where does it say fits a center brace hood . Do not buy if you have a 40 gallon breeder says it fits but it does not !
 This product is not what it looks like and it does not fit my 40 gallon breeder like it should . The way to make it fit is to flip it so the openings are facing like west and east not both south like it should . Dont buy unless you know this product .
 The picture shows a complete 36 x 18 , however guess what , it comes in two separate pieces . Not at all what I was looking for . Plus the plastic piece that bends is broken on the ends . It really looks unprofessional . It does say at the very end of the description that it comes in two pieces , but then why put that picture up . Why show a complete piece and then tell you its in two pieces . I really am very disappointed in this and really hope you guys fix the problem .
 This is dangerous to use alone in your hermit crab tank . I was cleaning my tank and found it had hardend like concret at the bottom where my crabs dig to molt . I read up on it on the Hermit Crab Association forum and people have lost crabs because this stuff has concreted around a molting crab and killed it
 This is dangerous to use alone in your hermit crab tank . I was cleaning my tank and found it had hardend like concret at the bottom where my crabs dig to molt . I read up on it on the Hermit Crab Association forum and people have lost crabs because this stuff has concreted around a molting crab and killed it
 This stuff taste bad when I eat it r you guys sure this is fat free sugar ive trying to lose the weight with good and tsty stuff but just tastes horrible : -LRB-
 This stuff does not have the proper levels of salt for your hermit crab . You are better off buying Instant Ocean and mixing 1/2 a cup per gallon of water .
 I have used this product from another seller . This one did not have one hundredth of the burning and warming effect as compared to my previous experience . I even stirred the ointment , just in case I was missing on an ingredient that might have settled on the bottom of the jar . I do n't know if this is a different manufacturer , but I will buy from a different seller next time .
 I had used this product for years , when suddenly all the local suppliers -LRB- Feed Stores , mostly -RRB- stopped carrying it . When I found it online , I noticed that the label had changed , but hoped that did n't signify a change in formula.I do n't know what they 've done to it , but the color of mixture is different -LRB- it was white and now is beige -RRB- , the smell is different , and it does n't work as well as it used to . Now I know why the stores stopped carrying it
 My neighbor 's small dog made light work of this within an hour . I do n't recommend because the pieces could easily be swallowed or choked on .
 The single bell you receive is OK quality . There are cheaper bells out there that likely perform just as well , especially when considering the ridiculous shipping charges for a little , light-weight package that was shipped snail-mail via USPS and took a long time to arrive .
 Nothing really wrong with the product - Nickel plated Turkey bell - it is just that I was hoping for something a bit smaller . I have a medium sized dog and wanted a bell for her to wear on her collar to help me keep track of where she was , but this bell is too big and too loud . Guess it really is made for a larger animal .
 not good for aquarium everytime a hamster hits the bottle it makes a noise against the glass keeps moving around
 Let me first say that my dog likes to chew on all of her toys
 Do n't waste your money . There are better lighted leashes out there . This one lights intermittently and is not long enough .
 My two boston terriers made short work of this toy . The ripped off the nose , eyes , then the stuffing . I had to throw it away after one day .
 This food was given to us by our vet for our new pound puppy . He has since had the most heinous , most foul gas of any living creature on this planet . It smells like death with a big old turd wrapped around it . After doing a little research I found that it can be caused by corn fillers and soy , which happen to be the first and third ingredients of this product . I am throwing out the remaining 4 + lbs and getting something of higher quality .
 i dont like it ! too flemsey and the tank does not fit . the legs are too close together.the tank is not even a 55 on the bottom . its a long 40g .
 Weak very poorly built for any tank with water.Leggs bent with 40 plus gals of water and crashed to the floor.Broke my tank , coral reef and damaged by carpet/flooring .
 This stand is JUNK . Any good reviews had to be written by Penn employees or owners . The stand is flimsy and poorly constructed . The nubs that are part of the assembly are bent and different sizes , one being so tight it was nearly impossible to assemble . The hollow tubular lightweight legs could easily be bent with just hand pressure if you tried . I should have quit right there and sent it back , but I completed the assembly and put the stand in the livingroom . I put the aquarium on the stand and began filling it . At about 1/3rd full -LRB- 20 gallons of water -RRB- , the right front leg began to bow out on the bottom . The stand was tippy already , and getting tippier -LRB- topheavy -RRB- as more water was put in . I put in 10 more gallons and the other leg began to bow and it appeared that the stand was about to collapse and splash 30 gallons of water throughout the livingroom . I was actually nervous about walking away from it . Needless to say I emptied it back out and took it out of the house . The rating stars for this product should be in the minuses . In fact the stand should be pulled from the market before someone gets hurt or a child gets killed when 500 pounds of water , rocks , and stand comes crashing down .
 I was n't even able to get all of the legs on . The nub that you push the legs into was bent . Even though I did n't get it together , I could tell that the top was very crooked . I would not trust this to hold up 600-650 pounds . Needles to say what the water damage and loss of fish would cost . Do n't skimp out on a tank stand . I learned my lesson .
 I gave these to my dog without looking at the ingredients , and it was a huge mistake . The first four or five are wheat/corn/soy mixtures . My poor pup spent the next three days with awful diarrhea . Stay away !
 I found a dead mouse in my bag of Purina Beggin Strips Dog Treats . It chewed its way in , presumably gorged on the contents , and died right there in the bag . I wrote to Purina and asked what could have killed it . In reply , Purina said they had no idea of what could have caused the mouse 's `` demise . '' If Purina Beggin Strips will kill rodents , should I feed them to my dog ?
 My dog loves these things . However , it took me two sleepless nights to determine these were the cause of him waking me for multiple sprints outside to do some emergency business . Perhaps one might be okay , but I gave him three broken into pieces during our walk & fetch sessions . He is 70lbs . Poor little fella !
 Not a very good price can get 25oz at walmart for $ 9.98 add two gives you 50oz at $ 20 more beggins for your money
 These `` treats '' are made in china and can poison your dog . Purina is now being investigated for mysterious illnesses in dogs ... check this out -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This product just does n't work . The first one we bought froze when the temperature went down to 0 degrees Fahrenheit . It did n't freeze completely . There was ice above the surface of the open water and a small hole 2-in across that increasingly grew smaller as the thermometer dipped . So we returned it as we live in Winnipeg , a place where winter temps get down to -40 deg Fahrenheit and this bowl was meant for the use of feral cats we 're feeding . We bought another one , thinking that the first one was maybe just defective . Same thing happened with the second one so we returned it !
 All I can say is good luck to you if yours works . Mine was a dud on the first day . Water was frozen within hours . Sent it back .
 Came quickly & worked well for about 2 months , then died . Maybe if you live in a climate that does n't get too cold it will work better . Definitely not made for real winter weather
 its saggy and not sturdy , your ferret will fall off of it . its not made well at all . however it might work for a rat or sugar glider .
 Unfortunately the shelves are too soft and can not hold the weight of our ferrets , making it a wasted purchase . The idea is great , but once you get past the metal frame , the inside is just soft material and ca n't even hold a bowl on it . Sorry ...
 I had the same experience as another reviewer -LRB- see additional listings for this leash -RRB- and am adding my review to all listings for the Premier 1 '' 6 ' leash in the hopes of warning other dog owners . Less than five minutes into the first walk my dog popped off the leash ! We live in a city and she is not car savvy , so it was quite a heart-stopping moment . After getting her home safely , I tested the clip by attaching the collar and pulling it in the direction of the pin - it popped open and released the collar ring with very little pressure ! I had this problem with another leash , but -LRB- naively -RRB- trusted this one because it was from a ` good ' manufacturer - never again ! This appears to be another cheap , untested ` made in China ' product . I will never walk my dog without thoroughly testing a leash again and will probably go back to using a carabiner as an extra reinforcement on all my leash clips -LRB- be sure to loop it through the clip base or strapping loop -RRB- . The lesson
 I had the same experience as another reviewer -LRB- see additional listings for this leash -RRB- and am adding my review to all listings for the Premier 1 '' 6 ' leash in the hopes of warning other dog owners . Less than five minutes into the first walk my dog popped off the leash ! We live in a city and she is not car savvy , so it was quite a heart-stopping moment . After getting her home safely , I tested the clip by attaching the collar and pulling it in the direction of the pin - it popped open and released the collar ring with very little pressure ! I had this problem with another leash , but -LRB- naively -RRB- trusted this one because it was from a ` good ' manufacturer - never again ! This appears to be another cheap , untested ` made in China ' product . I will never walk my dog without thoroughly testing a leash again and will probably go back to using a carabiner as an extra reinforcement on all my leash clips -LRB- be sure to loop it through the clip base or strapping loop -RRB- . The lesson
 When they say `` small '' , they mean SMALL . I have 2 toy dogs and they were even too small for them . These are extremely undersized ESPECIALLY for the price . Just ridiculous . I only give it 2 stars because of what there was , my dogs liked them . There just needs to be more of it .
 dog went crazy as soon as she smelled the bone , and she absolutely enjoyed the flavor - however it was so tiny she could finish it in a single bite . i expected it to be much larger and was disappointed .
 The cat did n't like it . He normally loves fresh catnip . He did not like this variety . He just ignored it , creating a void between us that spans wider and sinks deeper with every passing day .
 My cats are catnip addicts , they absolutely love catnip and go crazy over it most of the time . They did n't like this one very much which I was so disappointed because I was hoping they would like it . I 'm going to go back to the catnip I get at my health food store , it is more expensive but it is so much stronger and fresher as well .
 I was extremely disappointed in this product . My cat hardly took a second look at it . Do n't know if it is too old and lacking in scent or not but a total waste of money .
 Do n't buy Greenies for dogs , at least . I too had a friend whose dog nearly died as a result of eating one . Does anyone know of any similar effects of the cat variety of Greenies ?
 I recently saw on an Investigative Consumer Report on my local news some disturbing news on these products . Multiple pets had to either get surgery or even passed away in result of improper digestion of this product . When the company was asked to comment , they declined , then issued a statement , implying that the pet 's illnesses/death were a result of the owner not using the product correctly . But a Vet that treated one of the cases , says it was due to the product itself . They do not break down in the animal 's digestive tract as easily as the package leads on . In some animals , it causes a blockage , which results in infection , sometimes leading to death.If you want to find out more about this consumer report , you can find it on http://www.kirotv.com/consumer/5325021/detail.html
 I used to give Greenies to my 2 dogs as an everyday treat.Do they love them ? ABSOLUTELY ! Do they seem to prevent bad breath ? YES!Only a week ago , however , I had to take one of my dogs to the emergency room because he could n't breath properly and he had to undergo an operation that cost me $ 2000 !! The doctor told me she had seen this happening to other dogs so many times already . Greenies are VERY DENSE and can expand in the stomach , not to mention it can also block the throats . PLEASE PLEASE DO BE CAREFUL if you must give these to your dogs , but I would NEVER EVER give them to my dogs again.I am pretty sure someone will sue this company very soon .
 I feel I was misled . Apparently there was some controversy over the safe digestion of the original formula of Greenies that I was told led to a recall of the old product and a new formula product was placed on the market . I made a sizable purchase and it appears as though the product shipped to me were possibly the last of the original stock of Greenies . None of the order I received is the new product . I live in Mexico and the order was placed to coincide with my trip to California during the holidays so I could bring them back with me to Mexico . There was n't enough time to complain , return the shipment and receive a replacement order . While I was able to purchase in the market a few packages of the new formula product , I am now stuck with a large order of the original Greenies with questionable safety in feeding to my dogs .
 The previous review is right , do research on these products before making a purchase . < a href = http://www.newsday.com/mynews/ny-lspets4557714dec19,0,4163123.column?coll=sns-ap-world-headlines&track=mostemailedlink > These treats are known to cause major problems for your dog . < / a >
 PLEASE , please do not feed these treats to your dogs/cats . The company has not publicized the risk of blockage and choking , and 13 dogs have died as a result of ingesting Greenies . Try googling `` Greenies '' and `` blockage '' or `` death . '' This product is not safe for dogs.I was sent a free sample of the `` reformulated '' Greenie in the mail . The package claims the treat is `` easier to digest '' , so I gave the treat to my dog , a 100 pound weimaraner . I watched my dog chew the treat , and he chewed it appropriately , taking his time to chew the pieces into small , digestible chunks.The next day , my dog refused to eat or drink anything and vomited at least three times . He acted listless and lethargic all day , so that evening we called our vet . We told the vet that the last thing our dog ate was a Greenie . The vet informed us that Greenies are known to cause intestinal blockage in some cases . He suggested that we take him to the emergency vet clinic for advanced treatment.We took him to the emergency clinic for x-rays and diagnosis . The vet treated him with an anti-vomiting medication and told us to return if he continued to vomit . The cost of this visit was approximately $ 400 . The next day , we woke up to find our dog covered in bloody soft stool . He has had three bouts of diarreha in two hours , all of it soft and bloody . We called our vet and he told us that the dog was experiencing severe intestinal distress , which was causing the bloody stool . He suggested we give him water and return to the clinic in the early a.m.Thankfully , our dog passed the Greenie through his body . Had he not passed the Greenie , he would have required exploratory surgery , which my vet estimates will cost approximately $ 3,000 , depending on the nature of the blockage.The representation that the new , reformulated Greenie is `` easier to digest '' is patently false . Our dog properly chewed the Greenie , but yet the treat was still insoluble and indigestible . His ingestion of the Greenie caused serious health issues . These things are n't safe -- please do n't support this company or put your dog 's health at risk .
 Other reviews said these were good for pet grooming - I should have noticed they all included dogs , not cats . I have 2 Napleons -LRB- 1/2 munchkin , 1/2 persian -RRB- which both have very thick undercoats , and 1 is double-coated . They get mats pretty bad , even with weekly groomings . I bought these to shave through the tough under-coat mats , but they do n't even begin to cut through even the smallest of mats ! They did cut through non-matted hair reasonably well , but not great in my opinion.If you 're looking for a pair clippers that will do well with cats , keep looking - and let me know if you find any !
 SHORT VERSION - We ordered this same product back in November 2011 and our cats LOVED it . Lasted a long time too . Just bought a fresh bag first week of September 2012 and this batch they will NOT even touch it ! Bad batch ?? LONGER VERSION - We have 2 male domestic Tabby 's almost 4 years old , and about once a week it 's a ritual - we put the scratching post in the middle of the room and sprinkle two piles of Yeowww on the base , and it 's kitty party time . They usually immediately start munching on it and rolling around in it , playing , and having a blast ! We keep it sealed in a small plastic container for freshness and one bag lasted us a very long time , very happy kitties . BUT that was the first bag we bought . This new bag we just bought -LRB- same * exact * brand / packaging , same size , texture , smell -RRB- is a completely different experience for the cats . Following the same weekly ritual we sprinkled a couple piles on the bast of the scratching post and they came running over to get their usual `` fix '' , but then something strange happened ... instead of gobbling it up and having fun , both of them sniffed at it a few times and had no interest in it . In fact , what really amazed us was when one of the cats then tried to BURY it as if it were a pile of you-know-what , and then they both walked away . They wanted absolutely NOTHING to do with this fresh batch.We 're absolutely puzzled by this and wondering - could this somehow be a `` bad batch '' that we received ?? I hate to give it 1 star but based on this experience I must . We now have to try to find a different brand that they liked as much as the previous bag of Yeowww . Big disappointment and a waste of money since it 's not something we ca n't return for a refund -LRB- what could we base it on ? I do n't think saying `` our cats did n't like it '' would warrant a refund -RRB- . Bummer : -LRB-
 Very little response from cats or kittens to this product as compared to some fresh I grew last year -LRB- it is a weed and grows easily -RRB- . I will not purchase again . Shipping and packaging were good .
 Maybe I got a bad bag or have a weird cat , but she could have cared less about Yeowww , it was like trying to get her excited by loose tea . It was my first bag of catnip and it did n't smell like anything , not sure if it 's supposed to .
 I bought these from a store without looking at the price and when I opened the bag , they were moldy . Interestingly , it appeared the mold had been dried along with the yams which means they came that way from the factory . Needless to say , they were returned and I 'll never try them again . When I realized the steep price , I decided that I could easily make my own with a dehydrator , since the pooches LOVE yams .
 I bought this to use on carpeted areas to lift up dog fur and hair before vacuuming . I have a similar rake that 's hand-held and works well , but using it on an entire floor is hard on the back . I 'd hoped this would work as well , but it does n't . I 've tried it in areas where my dog frequently sleeps , and it picks up very little fur . I 've also tried it on the carpet below the bathroom mirror , where I stand when brushing my hair -LRB- which is long -RRB- . It skipped right over the hair on the carpet .
 From the reviews , I bought this product . # 1 -RRB- The product that I actually received did NOT look like the product in photo . The one in photo looks to be of a higher quality . # 2 -RRB- Mine does not have a telescoping handle , so unless someone under 3 feet tall wants to use it , it 's worthless . # 3 -RRB- It is cumbersome and awkward and does not do well in corners or around edges . I have far better results with a regular broom . It would have cost me more to ship it back , so it will now go in the garage to pull down spider webs , not the intended use I had hoped for .
 I ordered this product expecting it to do so much , but it did nothing for my carpeting with its rubber brushes . I packed it up the same night and shipped it back . I would never recommend anyone purchase this product .
 This was a waste of money . The broom did not work on my carpet . I did not pick up pet hair . The shipping was just as expensive as the broom , so I kept it . Maybe I will find some other use for it . Do n't know what , but I guess it will sit in the closet until I do .
 I just received the FURemover and started to work on carpet in my bedroom . I have several cats in the house and thought this might remove cat hair better than my vacuum . As I raked across the carpet the rake would pull cat hair from one spot to another but never picked it up in the rubber bristles . I still had to bend down and pick up each little clump from the carpet . A grooming glove works much better but not practical over a whole room . Seems the bristles should be stiffer . It 's not at all what I hoped for .
 Read all the reviews , especially the low ratings !! I bought this for my carpet , wobbles horribly !! Next I tried it on my tile ... still wobbles !! Then it snapped at the connecting handle . Again , what a waste of money.So money down the drain !
 I had high hopes after reading the reviews , but this did n't work on my carpet at all . It bounced along the top of the nap without collecting more than a few hairs . Pushing was no more successful than pulling . I followed up with my little Bissell Swift Sweep which picked up wads of hair from the same area I just brushed with this product .
 This is a product that 's better as an idea than a real thing.Does it pick up pet hair ? Yes.Better than many other brooms or mops ? Maybe.But ... does it make cleaning up easier ? No.If the head swiveled , it would be SO much easier to use.Also , the whole thing is of flimsy construction . There 's a plastic cap at the end of the handle designed to allow for hanging the broom , but it 's badly designed and wo n't stay on the broom . I feel like the whole thing is about to fall apart every time I use it.The whole thing feels cheap and as though no one who designed it ever used it.I would n't buy it again or recommend it .
 I actually like this broom , but I find it impossible to actually use . The handle has a telescope design , which would be nice for storage purposes , but there is no way to lock the handle in a fully extended position . So I end up holding the broom at the joint so that I force it to remain extended , or I use it bent over . Either way , I give up pretty quickly . The material that came with the broom is no help at all and mentions no locking feature . This thing is gathering dust now .
 I ordered this because someone I know has cats and just loves it . I am not a fan though . It does get the dog hairs but I have to sweep a second time to get the little stuff that goes between the bristles . I prefer to sweep one time so I have gone back to the `` old fashion '' way with a regular broom or the swifter .
 It was n't as good as the older ones that were black and yellow . Not as heavy duty . Bends to easily as you are mopping . Blue rubber not as heavy as the black.Just not happy with them . I bought 6 of them for work .
 I 've had a better version of this product in the past , but could n't find it , so settled on this one . Got it and immediately noticed how flimsy it was , pole is really thin , does n't lock in place , rubber head is not sturdy and bends too easily when you apply any pressure whatsoever.I had a normal , extending pole in the garage for another tool , and I put the rubber head onto it , but still not a good product . The head is too short and flexible.Final note , my item did n't look like the one in the picture at all . I had a grey handle with blue rubber rake/broom .
 The rubber bristles work pretty well cleaning hard surfaces , everything from the bathroom and kitchen floors to the tiles on the porch . But the product suffers from two serious problems :1 . The head falls off when brushing with too much friction . Cleaning thicker carpet , for example , will cause the head to get pried off . This is because it is only secured by bendable rubber .2 . When extended , the handle bends and eventually cracks , leaving metal splinters . The handle is only sturdy when unextended , which would be too short to use.In short , I am trying to return this defective product , but will keep a look out for a better made version .
 This product might be good for some things but I found it by doing a search on pet hair clean up and it does not handle this job either on rugs or on hard floors . I wanted something to pick the hair up , so I can pull it out and throw it away . I wanted it for quick use between vacuuming because my dog sheds constantly . All it does is move it around and does not even do that very well . To work with hair on a rug , I had to keep pulling the device over the same area several times to get a clump of hair piled up that I could then pick up . To do the whole rug would take much more time than going to the closet removing the vacuum cleaner , vacuuming and putting the machine away .
 I was disappointed when I received this broom since it is not the actual Sweepa Deluxe Broom -- it 's a knock-off . If you want the actual product , do n't order from this seller . When I complained , they offered to refund my money -- however , not the shipping & handling . Seems to me if you are not honestly advertising your product , and someone is not happy about it , you should be refunding ALL the customer 's money , not just some of it !!!
 Purchased to keep my never ending sheding dogs hair from clogging my vacuums hose and jamming the rotating brush . It just does n't work for that . The head keeps pulling off the handle -LRB- rubber -RRB- and the bristles simply do not hold the hair.Only use on carpet , non shag .
 They call this thing a Fur Remover ... what a joke . This thing is completely useless on carpet .
 I receive a `` sweepa '' knock-off . same function but Not a Sweepa Original.does an adequate job but Was Definitely Not What is Advertised nor What I Expected .
 I ordered the Sweepa Deluxe Rubber Broom . Without consulting me , the seller substituted the FURemover Broom by Evriholder . I selected the Sweepa based on positive reviews . FURemover did not receive such positive reviews . The Sweepa was described and pictured in the ad . I recommend that if you want a Sweepa Deluxe Rubber Broom that you buy one from someone else .
 I bought this broom for basic hard floor cleaning . I have 2 kids one is 4 and the other is 1 and I sweep at least 5x a day . this broom is awful . It does n't sweep well and it wont push the crumbs on to the dustpan . I bought this other one which is a million times better and does the job in no time.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0032GEHAS/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00hope that helps .
 Well I ordered this broom for my hair salon and the yellow with black wouldve co-ordinate dwith the colors in the salon which is why I picked this one . I ended up with a baby blue broom so I guess I will just have to keep this one at home .
 The thing arrived promptly but is pretty much useless . I can pick up more hair by sliding my foot on the carpet .
 Just got this and I 'm so disappointed . I bought this as something to use between vacuuming . It does n't work at all on the carpet , it just bumped along it and does n't pick up any dog hair.It does work well on my hard floors , but that is n't what I bought it for . So if your looking for something that works on your carpets , this is n't it.And if anyone knows of a good product for cleaning up hair on the carpet , leave a comment ! I would love some suggestions .
 A friend of mine has one of these and just loves it , so I thought I 'd try it since my vacuum has trouble picking up fur from my very hairy cat . I am not impressed . The handle is n't a problem for me as it is for so many others , but it 's the most inefficient cleaning tool I 've ever encountered ! I used it on one large living room and it took me an hour to get most of the fur out of the carpet . It literally would have been faster for me to just walk around and pick it out of the floor . The rake head is so small that you have to pull the fur off and throw it in the trash after every couple strokes . The one good thing ? It 's a work-out for the arms . Good thing it 's cheap , because it 's very close to worthless .
 I bought this to help remove the dog hair from the carpet and to spare wear and tear on my vacuum cleaner . I have 3 big dogs and they are always shedding . I spent 20 minutes on a small patch of carpet trying to rake/sweep up the hair . I could have done the job 10 times faster with the vacuum . I also tried this product on the bare floors . No luck . I had to go back over both the carpet and the floor with a vacuum/broom to get up all the hair and dirt . Very disappointing ! And I 'm out $ 20 -LRB- the cost of the product plus shipping -RRB- . : \
 If you have a vacum cleaner this is a waste . If you have a swifer this is a waste . As a matter of fact , a broom works better . This did not pick up any fur , and on the first attempt to extend the handle I discovered it was terribly hard to loosen and then never locked again . You can have the original less than a broom length or two seperate pieces . Had I not used an amazon gift card and free shipping I would have bothered to send it back , but it was n't even worth the shipping.Please do n't missunderstand that I do like this line of products . I may have gotten a dud . The other FURemover products require quite a bit of elbow grease but turned a cat bed that had never been cleaned in over a year to brand new shape . The gloves are also excellent . This particular product just does not serve a purpose . Because I am tall I plan on using it as an extra 18 inches to knock down spider webs and such on our deck .
 My first complaint is that the telescoping handle does n't lock when extended . It stays put by pressure against the floor . That works until you lift it up and the bottom half slides out onto the floor . Maybe mine is broken ? Not sure . Secondly , I have n't had great success with it picking up dog hair . Maybe my floors are cleaner than I think . Lastly , I read somewhere that it can be used as a pile rake for carpet . I found this to be far from the truth . It just bounces along the top of the carpet doing nothing to the pile .
 It is barely able to move dirt or dust on carpet . I would look to another product . Not worth buying .
 I bought this for a friend because he liked mine . He did n't tell me until just recently that the product arrived with about a 3 foot handle . No extension . He uses it anyway but what a pain in the a $ $ .
 I bought an extra large for my 80lb male golden retriever and it is too short in the body . I do n't think they make an XXL .
 The product is not airtight . I purchased 2 of these containers to hold all our dog food and cat food . I was hoping they would seal fully so the pet food could be stored inside the house . The containers did not seal at all and the food is always full of ants and has to be kept outside . I could have spent much less money if I wanted non-sealing containers but now I have to spend even more money to buy new containers . This product was very disappointing .
 This is a total ripoff by whoever is selling this item ! 30 Pounds ?! What are stuffing this thing with dog food for me ? These bins are at most 5 lbs . and can be shipped to you for as cheap as $ 7 from elsewhere -LRB- Petsmart , Target -RRB- . The seller is just tryin ' to make an obsurd amount of $ $ $ off of shipping !
 I have owned one of these for a couple of years . The bag comes off of the spool half the time no matter how big a not you make . It works best when you add waste a little at a time which uses the cartridge faster . If you add a lot of waste the cartridge lasts longer but you will only get a couple of turns before you have to empty the unit . The Litter Locker II abandons the spinning bag design for a much simpler one that works better .
 I ordered the green Doskocil # 21485 Inter Pet Shuttle . I received a brick colored `` Deluxe Pet Porter , Jr. `` The green Doskoil # 21485 Inter Pet Shuttle I ordered is airline approved , w/wheels , water cups , leash loop , etc. . The Pet Porter has none of these extras.I e-mailed Grady 's . They answered : `` Reviewing your order it appears that the listing on Amazon is incorrect . Grady 's carries the Pet Porter Jr. . Grady 's has issued you a full refund on 12/3/10 . ... `` Please allow two weeks for the refund to be initiated to Amazon for credit as this is the policy of Amazon . '' I have now received all my money back . Grady 's did a good job . But on Jan. 5 , 2011 , Amazon still has not corrected the product listing.I hope this review can keep someone else from wasting a couple of weeks by ordering the ` incorrectly listed ' product.I think the Doskocil # 21485 Inter Pet Shuttle may be very good . I 'm still trying to find one somewhere online . One other site said they carried them but they 're not in stock and are back ordered .
 Both clips at the ends broke inside of a week . 70lb dog . Only thing good about this product is the price and the wire .
 this thing leaked ... not too bad but always had to have a towel set under it.not its fault ... its the fault of the general design of the actual filter .
 So i bought this for my dojo loach , pleco and cory catfish and only the loach likes it.The problem is , its very messy.The second you place it in its already disintegrating.It takes under 1min until the food becomes uneatable and is all mushed up in my gravel.And my loach isnt a very smart creature and it takes time to find the pellet .
 The ingredients are good , the price is fine , and the fish like it . The problem is they are much too messy . The pellet floats for 3 seconds and then sinks rapidly . It then expands within 10 seconds and begins to fall apart . And with shrimp pulling at it , and tetras ripping at it , it COMPLETELY falls apart into dust , which then gets kicked up into the water , falls through the gravel ... . ewww . Then I have to go in with the turkey baster and suck it up . It 's too much hassle to just feed the fish . There are better options , I like the hikari sinking food .
 My fish seem to like it only a little . The thing I do n't like is that is makes the bottom of my tankdirty because it dissolves very quickly .
 These pellets are economical and fish do like them , but they have one HUGE drawback
 The first ingredient in these pellets is wheat !!! I 'm looking at the package right now . WHEAT ???? These are supposed to be SHRIMP pellets not wheat pellets . Might as well throw a hotdog bun in the tank . My fish wo n't touch them .
 These are fine , though they are much cheaper if you went to buy them from a WalMart . I bought it for a little over three dollars -LRB- sort of my reason to give it a try -RRB- . However , these are very cheap and will fall apart once in the water . They also appear to lack taste to my fish , as I have used shrimp pellets by Omega One -LRB- that I love -RRB- and my fish prefer it . I have tested it by switching foods on them . For whatever reason , they do not care for the Wardley shrimp pellets and will only eat it if they are famished -LRB- plus , it falls apart into uneatable crumbles -RRB- . Whenever I drop in the Omega One pellet , they go nuts and will go for them immediately . Depends on your fish I suppose , but I do have a few tanks and all of them prefer the Omega One shrimp pellets . If you need a less expensive alternative , stop by a WalMart and get it for under four dollars . Or try the Advanced Nutrition shrimp pellets by Wardley and see if they are better -LRB- they are about the same price on here and I have not seen them in stores yet -RRB- . Walmart 's price for the Wardley pellets is currently $ 3.67 . -LRB- Feb 3 , 2013 -RRB-
 None of my fish enjoyed eating these sinking pellets and all they do is make your water stink . Honestly i would not buy unless you only have bottom feeders like plecos
 These freeze-dried liver treats from Pooch Passions are the best ever . My little Shih Tzu and Lhaso Apso love the flavor and texture . They race to their beds at the end of the day to get Pooch Passions treats . -LRB- I used Gimborn beef liver treats and was n't satisfied with them . I even wrote the company when the quality of the treats deteriorated and over half of a bucket would be unusable . -RRB- The quality of Pooch Passions Liver Treats is consistently high . These Pooch Passions treats can be cut in half for tiny little guys like mine . I 'm 100 % satisfied and recommend these without reservation . Pet test them yourself with your dog and you 'll soon be buying them in the large 21 ounce bags as I do . BEST EVER TREATS !!!!
 The dog treat arrived almost powdered , rather than in nuggets , so I have given it to my dogs over their feed rather than as the training treat I intended .
 This product did n't work . Did not remove urine odor . Cat continued to urinate on carpet after it had been sprayed . Have tried other products , also & they did n't work either . Stubborn Cat !
 From the review distribution , it looks like it alleviates one of the primary causes of spraying . Sadly , my cat apparently sprays for the other reason :-LRB- . The spray had no effect for me .
 Product was purchased in order to keep pets off of a certain item of furniture and the advertisement seemed to fit the bill . Instead it is a product to keep cats from spraying urine in a certain spot ------- wasted my money !!!!
 Unfortunately , this did n't really work for us . I know it says there is a simulated pheromone in the product but the ingredients do n't seem to indicate one . I 'm not a chemist but the ingredients shown on the label are Sodium Laurel Sulfate , Rosemary Oil , Thyme Oil and Purified Water . I tried this a couple times but our senior cat was not deterred at all.He was urinating repeatedly in one spot in our foyer . What worked for us
 Based on the high ratings for this product , I was really hopeful that it would work as advertised . Unfortunately my experience was nothing of the sort . The area where my cat had been urinating had recently been soaked in an odor neutralizer and allowed to dry thoroughly before I applied the spray . Within two hours , my cat had urinated in the same spot . I 'm returning the product as defective since it did n't work as advertised . Save your money .
 Sorry to say that this product does n't work with our 4 male cats . In fact they are attracted to the smell and spent a greta deal of time investigating the area where we used the product .
 My cat prefers his daily vitamin more than ziwipeak treat . I ca n't understand why they made the treat into very thin square . They should have made it into a cube , so that cat can chew on it . My cat did take a few bites of the treat , but they kept falling off from his mouth due to the shape of this treat . He did n't go crazy over this treat like he does with other healthy treats I found elsewhere .
 A real dog walker would not like this leash . It does not have a temporary brake on it , strickly on or off . The leash does not retract well . It can not be used on an active dog or a large one . Not impressed at all with this product .
 The leash gets stuck when retracting and the retracting button gets stuck and it 's hard to operate .
 I can tell this is a good bed , but the way it was shipped was not ! I have had the bed for over a week and it still is misshaped . As my dog curls up in is he slowly starts to slid out of it due to the miss sharpen issue . I have attempted to stand on it to have it hold its shape but at the moment , I am using a wall to help prop it up to support the weight of my dog .
 This is an aesthetically pleasing piece . The edge design allows birds of different sizes to easily get to the water level.However , there is one major problem
 I also bought a bag of ZiwiPeak dog food and it 's the same size and texture as the treats . A bit small so you need to give a few at a time . I 'd just use the real food as treats and save a bunch of money . I am not feeding this to my Boston Terrier , but will keep the $ 40 approx I spend on both to use as treats .
 I have to say that you can NOT look at the picture when ordering this ! It only includes the top item . While I did , however , like the durability of the bone , I was disappointed that I did n't read more carefully . The add should have been more clear !
 I am disappointed with the price . It advertises different sizes and colors , I only received 1 piece , it 's overprized . A Christmas present for my sis-in-law ' dog , otherwise I would return the `` Safety Orange Dog Travel Water / food bowl folding water and food bowl '' . Thank you , Barbara GrantFort Lauderdale , FL
 I returned this product because the bag was open when I received the package . I was very disappointed because I really wanted this product for my cats .
 Please see the review of a large number of Omega-3 / Fish Oil products on -LSB- ... -RSB- . It 's an independent lab which analyzes many supplements and supplement-like products , mostly human products , but occasionally veterinary . products . This particular product failed miserably . Please write your congress people and ask them to fix the rip-off portion of the supplement industry -LRB- like this and so many other products we 're sold fraudulently -RRB- by requiring , at the very least , quality control measures , not just trusting these big companies because they sell us `` supplements '' . This consumer abuse angers me .
 Bottle received was a plain white bottle with a small label showing only name and barcode . No other info was included , such as dosage , manufacturer , ingredients , etc. . It was certainly not as pictured when ordered !
 The product is not really what i would have bought had i actually seen in . It functions but it is a cheap vynle material and looks kind of Trashy . Only thing good about it , is that you can rinse it off and it does not hold a smell . I bought another type that was fabric and has been a much better product . Althougth it has to be washed in a washing machine . Overall the fabric Pants are by far a better quality .
 The quality was good . The size was good . The problem was with the color . I ordered red . It is really pink-red . I did not want a pink collar for my male dog . The bright red shown on the advertised picture is not the actual color .
 Only lasted a couple days !! My doberman was able to chew the sides off of it . Kind of expensive for a toy that only lasts a few days .
 Bought this because the reviews were raving about this being award winningly tough . We received it this morning and he 's already chewed a big piece off in a matter of hours ... not impressed !
 I bought two of this model danner pump , and one of danner 's previous design . the first -LRB- previous model one -RRB- lasted about a year . The cage that prevents clogging on the first one was well designed , and structurally integrated into the pump . The pump eventually died , but i did n't have any problem with it before it died . The second also lasted about a year , but was aweful . The third i bought for my brother for his pond , and while still running after about 10 months , the prefilter has collapsed and had to be replaced . The problem is the prefilter that fits over the intake . the new design they are using looks like a silencer on a gun , which is cool looking , but it collapses in on itself because some genius decided to make a decent pump , and rather than pay an extra dollar for quality hard plastic , they threw something flimsy and worthless on as an afterthought . After several dozen times of climbing into the pond to unclog -LRB- and disasemble the pump to do so -RRB- it finally broke . I understand that this is n't the top end pump , but it is n't the bottom end model either . And what really anoys me , is the pump itself is good , but it needs the prefilter on it , and the prefilter makes the entire thing a waste of money . I just bought an $ 80 pump online that pumps just as much water . It looks like a sump pump , and probably wont last past its 1 year warranty , but it is n't clogging , and is a structurally sound design . I will never buy another pump made by danner again , and have advised others not to either . For a pump that is only going to last a year , just to be thrown away and replaced , these are over priced , and do n't even work well for the year that they are working .
 The impeller broke the second week I had it . Now I have to resource a new impeller from somewhere . Actually , it never worked that great initially , so I 'm fairly confident they shipped the unit with a cracked or broken impeller .
 I bought this for my return pump for my 90 gallon tank and was also using it to fill that tank and broken before I finished . I replaced the pump and a month later -LRB- this week -RRB- I got shocked pretty bad and I assumed it was my heater so I took it out and left in my other one . Next morning the pump died and the water was extremely hot so I assumed it over heated and I put it in a bucket with cold water and it still did n't run , I gave it a hour and tried again and it worked however I did notice black flakes in the water before and checked the seal and it looked very cut up and worn so I checked the voltage in the water bucket while it was running with my multimeter and there was 115 volts in the water . This pump not only almost killed my fish by not letting them get heat -LRB- heaters in the sump -RRB- but almost fried me and them . I just bought a sicce and never plan on going back to danner
 The pump is loud and would not restart after just 4 month of use . Would not recommend as a sump pump .
 The color of the collar is not even close to being red ... it is pink ! I have called the shipper , Hollywood Pet Jewelry and they have not returned my call . Shipping is too much to return ... never again on amazon . 14 inch Red Leather dog collarMerchant Hollywood Pet Jewelry
 My cat uses this once in awhile.Even put catnip on it but had to stop that cuz she was eating the catnip and it made her sick.Should be alot wider!Construction and material is top notch but thats it .
 i 'm sorry to say that neither of my two cats have given this product more than a cursory once over since we got it around 10 days ago , nevemind use it for its intended purpose . they are both horizontal scratchers . basically , if its on the floor , its fair game . but not this thing ! i tried placing it in their favorate scratching places , rubbed it with regular catnip + even tried Catit Liquid Catnip -LRB- see my review for that ! -RRB- once , my older cat laid down on it + fell asleep like it was a floor level window sill but no action whatsoever since that thrilling performance . what a waste of money !
 My cats love their scratching posts . I usually get the cardboard ones . I decided to go for this &#34; real &#34; one and they have not used it once ! had to go back to cardboard ...
 We bought this `` new '' scratcher for our 9 week old Kitten . Product arrived ontime , but looked like used with some dirt spot on it . We have the product delivered on 11/29 where the sticker on the back of the product hand written `` 09/03/2012 '' . No idea what that means . And it turns out our kitten is not in favor with the scratcher .
 Unfortunately , neither of my Siamese would use this scratching post . After a two week try-out , we are back to the cheep cardboard floor scratchers .
 Decided to get this after seeing the SmartCat Ultimate Scratching Post was $ 50.00 , but now I just wasted my money on this when I know my cats would have loved the other . : -LRB-
 I purchased the large size EasyBrush for our 14 year old Golden Retriever . Within about 11/2 minutes of giving it to her , she had extracted the brush part from the rubber holder and cracked the hard plastic backing . I managed to get it from her before she swallowed the splintered plastic , which could have caused serious damage.I strongly advise against using this product .
 This is a great concept which is very poorly executed . I just posted a picture of what this brush looks like after my lab spent less than five minutes with the brush , used as directed . If Kong can make `` chew proof '' black rubber chew toys it seems to me this company could do better ! Do not waste your money if your dog is large and has strong teeth !
 I have a dog who will eat ANYTHING ... and even he does n't really like these . They must taste like a vitamin .
 These look like the PetTabs we had been using , but my dogs do n't like the taste . They considered their vitamins a treat so taste is important .
 Product received not as described as it did not contain Lutein . Am returning product-hopefully next time will receive product as described . Then will update review .
 My rabbit loved eating this in the way that people probably love eating funnel cake ... NOT a good idea . I have read more and more articles since then about how some of the very ingredients in treat sticks like this are unhealthy , indigestible and potentially life-threatening to rabbits -LRB- ingredients such as certain seeds and corn -RRB- . The biggest discovery was when I was reading the side of the package and it was talking about where to hang it in your * bird 's * cage.Don ' t get me wrong , I 've purchased some great Kaytee products for my little guy , but seriously ... protect your rabbit and buy something else .
 I bought a whole bunch of these little 10 inch pet collars because they were really inexpensive at $ 2 each . I 'm using them as luggage tag straps , not as pet collars . For my purposes , they are fine because they are still made of strong nylon webbing and the buckle is firmly attached . The colors are good standard primary colors , and the buckle is a normal silver colored metal.But I 've purchased similar ones in the past from supermarkets and pet stores -LRB- probably made in China ... -RRB- and the finishing on these is truly inferior . So just in case you 're fussy about how nice the collar looks on your pet , here are the appearance issues . The collar 's holes -LRB- for size adjustment -RRB- really look like amateur time
 Do not order from petcarerx ive ordered on the 15th of august and its the 27th still havent received my package . Ive never had a bad experience on amazon before when ordering but this company took over 10days to even ship my item !
 Wanted to like these . The batch I got are brittle . When you go to bend them around the plants they break apart . Obviously you want to wrap them around the base of the plant ... no way . Bend a little and they break into small pieces . Buy another brand ... my 2 cents .
 Blue Rinnon Plant Sinkers are brittle and do not bend easily . They are useless , breaking easily when bent even slightly .
 I tried two different brands and neither of this type are heavy enough to hold plants down . I needed 3 or 4 on plastic plants .
 This product seemed great , especially after going through a few other lighted collars and such that performed abysmally . It clips onto the collar easily , which is great for attaching temporarily for a walk . On the clip is a small cylinder that holds watch-style batteries . On the end of the cylinder , the screw-in cap contains a circuit with bright LED lights . When you want the lights on , you screw the cap tightly to complete the circuit ; when you want to turn it off , you unscrew/loosen the connection . The LED lights are very bright and flash.My problem occurred after several nightly walks when I got home and discovered I only had the cylinder on the clip ; the batteries and circuit had fallen out/off . We have never been able to find the parts even though we walk the same path daily . I do n't know how they came loose b/c in order to light up the circuit has to be tight . My dog did n't do anything other than walk normally at my side -LRB- no rough housing or bush tangles that could explain the loss -RRB- . So , while I liked the product initially , I do n't think this is the product for me . If normal walking can cause the product to fall apart , I ca n't give it more than 2 stars .
 I really needed a light for walking my dogs early in the morning and at night . This product is simple to work and comes with extra batteries . Unfortunately , the light never seems to stay on and has to be turned back on every few minutes . Very disappointed !
 I 've used these flakes for years with great results . Unfortunately , as of November 2012 , Ocean Nutrition began shipping out a new recipe for this product . The new ingredient list is not yet posted on the manufacturer 's website , which seems a little shady -LRB- it is printed on the package label -RRB- . Anyway , it is now primarily wheat-based , and contains artificial color . It seems less palatable to fish than the old formulation , and makes my protein skimmer overproduce very wet foam for a couple hours after feeding . Further , the product is made in Thailand ; there are much better foods made in the USA.To sum up
 I , ve been growing these for my cat for 6 years.The last two batches were expired.Bear in mind , I never knew they had an exp . date.Look at the back of the pkg.If the test date is 6 mos.or over , they probably will not grow properly.Mine were coming out moldy , brown and very sperse.I called Cosmic directly to resolve the issue .
 This castle looks so fresh and so clean clean ... but the castle they sent me was doodoo brown .
 I love the product but it came damaged I will not be ordering anything else like this from amazon .
 This castle looks so fresh and so clean clean ... but the castle they sent me was doodoo brown .
 I love the product but it came damaged I will not be ordering anything else like this from amazon .
 I bought these to dose an aquarium with fertilizer and fill small test tubes . They did n't work out , though . After less than two months they started to become rough and eventually bind . I realize that my application is n't conventional , but I think the issues I had also apply to their intended use.The good : - The markings have held up well , though they are starting to fade . Putting packing tape over the cylinder might be a good way to preserve them , but I have n't tried it.-Fairly high capacity.-The tapered tips lets you tailor them to a certain use.The bad : - Although they started out smooth , that did n't last long . In my case their useful life was only two months while being used every one or two days.-The plungers lock when depressed all the way , which makes extracting something difficult because you have to pop it loose . I do n't understand why their designed that way , but if someone knows of a reason for it , then feel free to post a comment .
 I ordered this product for my puppy because I thought it was so cute . I actually ordered a size small , however , on the actual tag the seller wrote over the Md -LRB- for Medium -RRB- with an S -LRB- for Small -RRB- with a black marker ! Unfortunantly I missed my return window since it is just now getting colder and I just noticed the tag ... because it looked so much bigger than a small ! I think this is a terrible thing to do to a customer and I would not trust anyone that would dilberatly do something like this !!!!!
 My kitten managed to get this collar off in about 10 mins . This collar is too `` safe '' in that it requires almost no pressure at all , before the entire thing comes off . If your cat does a simple gesture such as scratch their neck , this thing will come off . Not worth the shipping cost to return , otherwise I would
 I bought the xP1 for a 26gallon tank , but really was n't doin the job . I purchased a 30gallon tank for DISCUS -LRB- but NEVER buy that fish from mail order - def not from SOMETHINGSPHISY-is a SCAM -RRB- and this xP2 thinkin that it would perform better , then I would buy the second xP2 for the first tank . TO my dismay I still was n't happy , I bought the xP3 , and find it works better , has more room for BIO stars , media , a pillow softer bag , etc etc etc. . Its taller so it takes up more room , but the best part the tubing housing is enter-changable . The xp3 will be going on my 50gallon tank .
 I 'm on line searching for a new filter and thought I 'd share my experience with this one while passing through . I bought this filter a few years ago for my new 50 gal tank and the only good things i can say about it is that its pretty easy to disconnect and clean and it 's got a powerful motor which can run for a long time between cleanings -LRB- partly because the filtration is not very well sealed and too much water bypasses the filter media inside the unit -RRB- The plastic tabs that hold the clips for the lid started snapping off after the first few cleanings , the gasket that 's supposed to seal the pump housing onto the top basket has a leak or break -LRB- not sure if it 's intentional or not -RRB- the gasket that seals the top to the bottom tends to let air through in loud churns every few minutes . I found that the o-rings that are supposed to seal the hoses where they enter the top of the unit need to be kept moist with plumbers grease or they tend to drip for a day or two after each cleaning . I had to place the filter in an old baking pan to keep the dripping from ruining my floor . Finally the last of the little plastic tabs broke off one of the lid latches and I now have the filter held together with bailing wire so I 'm off to purchase a new filter before the next -LRB- and final -RRB- cleaning for this one .
 This filter is not bad , but is very cheaply made and as a result breaks easily . Excellent beginners filter though , easy assembly . The cheap parts have resulted in the death of my prized Puffer-Fish . Do not buy this piece of junk , go with the Ehiem , they are the best . Not to mention the fact that Rena 's warranty repair team is horrible too . Just pay the extra money and get a Marineland , Ehiem , or Fluval .
 My Filstar experience has not been great , noise , leaks , cheap lid parts breaking , etc. . While searching for a replacement I came across a positive review of another filter which is actually more helpful as a negative review for the Filstar : This review is from
 I setup the filter yesterday , it was very very loud , trust me , you ca n't sleep that with in your bedroom . The Filter also does n't not well with a 29 gallons saltwater tank .
 I bought the large size woven cat carrier . The outside is great ... but the inside is a nightmare !!! Edges are sticking out all over , just try putting your precious cat inside and she or he may lose an eye . So very disappointed it looked great . On top of that there is a restocking fee plus all the shipping to and from . Am so mad at how they take advantge of their customers . Its going back !
 The measurements given in the product description are for the outside rims of the pet bed - the inside is much smaller . My cats could n't fit in it , and although it was quite expensive , I did n't want to return it since I paid $ 20 postage to receive it and did n't want to pay even more postage to return it . So I gave it to a friend and it looks like one of his 2 cats who is pretty small may be able to fit in it . I found another larger nicer one for a lower price and so got that for my cats .
 The ramp I received is only somewhat similar to the ones pictured here . The hinges are different and an obviously much cheaper design , and the design is entirely different . On a superficial level , the description is accurate
 When I peeled it from the paper backing the thermometer paper peeled off with it . Was never able to use it .
 I needed another thermometer for the terrarium and purchased that on even though I 'm not a fan of the style . Well , once it 's attached , it 's on there . I was n't satisfied with its potition on the tank and ended up throwing it in the trash because it is not reusable . To me it was a waste of money . If you like and prefer this style of thermometer it might work for you , though . I prefer gadgets that I can detach and reposition as contitions change -LRB- i.e. new habitat , redecorating etc. . -RRB-
 BE CAREFUL WHEN ORDERING THIS PRODUCT . IT LOOKS LIKE THE OTHER COMPETITION BUT THE PILLS ARE 1/2 THE SIZE . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 Not at all impressed w / this leash . The loop came undone 3 weeks after I bought it . And good luck trying to reattach it .
 This cage should not be purchased for mice , even though it says it 's okay for them . The bars are too far apart . My mouse got out as soon as I put her in the cage . She squeezed right through the bars and was gone.It 's probably a fine cage for things a little larger , but do n't buy this for a mouse .
 Do not buy this for your small animal ! This is BY FAR one of the smallest/worst cages I have ever seen . NOT a suitable home for your pets ! I would give it zero stars if I could .
 I purchased this for my cat to use with a pet locator device . I purchased Loc8tor Pet device . I successfully attached the transmitter but the first item my cat went out the collar did n't make it back with him . Now I need to find a collar that does n't break away so easily .
 I know these break away collars are considered safer , but cats know how to rub them off and ditch them .
 Purchased these clippers from Amazon and was really disappointed in them ! Read instructions and let battery charge fully etc before using for the first time and guess what ? They could n't cut through my animals hair ! The animal had been bathed and was totally dry and had fine hair ! After trying to use them for about 15 minutes the battery died . This is the worst clipper I 've ever used . Even the Turbo A-5 was better than this , at least it cuts through hair before burning you !
 I returned this product as quickly as possible as soon as I found that it did not come with a charger . The package was also opened and not packed properly so I 'm not sure if the item even worked.I have since purchased this item -LRB- with a charger and an extra battery pack -RRB- at another site and I 'm very happy with it .
 This is are 3rd . Fluval , it does not work correctly.We will never buy this product on line again . Our old Fluval does a better job . It 's like they sold us a broken product . Diana
 I have a 50 gallon tank and this fluval 305 filter i own 1 month and it did a bad job the water was not clear at all , even tough I change the water and I follow the DVD extra careful , so please do not buy this filter fluval 305 I will not rocommend it to no one with 50 gallon tank or more , you will be disapointed , what ever the other reviews saing about this fluval is % 100 wrong , thay probebly do not know what a crystal clear water are , this is not at all clear water.I return this one to amazon , and I bought the Hagen Fluval Canister Filter FX5 ' , now my tank water crystal clear water , so please pay more $ $ $ but you will get what you are looking for -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- crystal clear water -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- , good luck , BUT THE FLUVAL 305 I WILL NOT ROCOMMEN AT ALL FOR 50 GALLONE TANK OR MORE .
 This filter system came with a very easy to follow setup DVD . Follow this and you ca n't go wrong . The filter system is very quiet but not powerful . It circulates the water not very well and has no force of a power head.A VERY nice product but not worth spending a little extra . Nice construction , easy setup , but not very functional!all this I say becouse I have a 50 gallon tank and this fluval 305 about 1 month and it did a bad job the water was not clear it all , even tough I follow the dvd extra careful , so please do not buy this filter fluval 305 , i amnot rocommending it to no one with 50 gallon tank or more , you will be disapointed , I realy do not know what the ather reviews talking about , this is not at all clear water.I return this one to amazon , and I bought the Hagen Fluval Canister Filter FX5 ' , now my tank crystal clear water , so please pay more $ $ $ but you will get what you are looking for >> >> >> >> crystal clear water < < < < < < < < < < , good luckso again I will not rocommend the fluval 305 it all for 50gl tank ...
 B ought a Fluval 304 3 years ago and still works great . Decided to buy another for my tank , bought a Fluval 305 and it was horrible ! First month in to using it the plastic motor housing started breaking apart ! There must have been something wrong with the casting . Returned it and got another ... same garbage ! The plastic housing by the two clamps fell apart , tried to repair and it held up for a few months ... now it started leaking and had to throw it away . Just ordered a fluval 306 ... hope they address the problem , keeping my fingers crossed !
 Product arrived early and pakced well but it does not work . The cannister leaks and so a siphon can not be started . Manufacturer is not responding to inquires . I have an identical smaller model 205 and am very familiar with Fluval products . Normally more reliable but difficult company if something goes wrong . Have tried a number of tricks-of-the-trade to start the siphon but none working . Now have extensive water damage to the wooden stand .
 I thought I 'd take a chance on this filter for the price . I wanted to buy something a little nicer , and should have . The filter does n't even come close to sealing with the included gasket . I spent my time to set up correctly , tried every remedy listed for this problem , and decided to return the filter today . Luckily Amazon has a great return policy , so I will be able to buy what I should have in the first place ; something nicer . The filter leaked terribly no matter how the cover was installed . I might as well have just dumped all the water on my carpet . Cleaned up a big mess , then tried filling the canister with water in my sink . Put the cover on and it leaks from the gasket no matter what . Too bad .
 I purchased the 305 Fluval external Canister march of 2011 NEW still sealed in the box for $ 117 online -LRB- amazon -RRB- from a good seller . I installed in my 40 gallon tank . At first it was great ! Each month I cleaned the impeller and shaft -LRB- to the motor -RRB- . I also replaced the filter media , changed the ammonia and carbon pellets and kept my bio filters happy with bacteria.After one year , the motor became tired . I now have to clean out the filter , tank and motor -LRB- shaft/impeller -RRB- every 15 days and do a 5 gallon bucket of water cleaning every 2-4 days or my fish become sick.I 've contacted Hagen/fluval and they are not helpful . They want me to send in my filter to see if I can get it fixed or get a replacement . I explained to them that without any filtration the fish will die . Ca n't they send me a replacement filter then I will send them the dying one . They replied `` NO '' . -- So much for a 3 year warranty if you ca n't get it fulfilled . I guess the company does n't stand by their products.I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER HAGEN/FLUVAL PRODUCT AGAIN ! The company DOES N'T stand by their product and neither will I.It is now November 2012 and Never got any replacements from Fluval . So I ended up making my own external filter . I do confess I use both the dying fluval and my better working -LRB- cheaper -RRB- external filter I made.For anyone who gets offended by my review
 I purchased this from my LFS for quite a bit more than what is shown here , so price wise , this is a good deal . But the priming is near impossible . It took forever for my son and I got get it to work the first time . I had this thing running just over a month , any power glitch and it would not restart . It would n't clean the tank , so I kept cleaning the filters and each time , I had to drain the pump halfway and ` open the floodgates ' for it to start . when it started stopping without power interruption , that was the last stratw . My LFS took it back which I am thankful . I will never buy another Fluval anything again .
 After spending nearly 30 minutes , I was able to set-up the filter for my tank and after i started to prime the pump and then plugged in the canister , surprise surprise , it started to leak profusely , not from the lid or the lid seal , but from the bottom right corner , there might be airline crack in the filter bottom . Thanks to Amazon , I am getting a replacement , hopefully this replacement will work . But this issue looks like a manufacturing defect in the plastic molding.Thanks to this filter , now I have to spend time to dry the carpet . What the heck : - -LRB- Buyers beware , before installing , make sure that , it does not leak from the canister tank .
 My kitten can get this off in two seconds . I have complained to many pet stores about these because it breaks apart too easy . It is hard to find an old fashioned leather collar . Cats are not like dogs and are very persistant if they want to get rid of something . It was a waste of money for me .
 I have n't had any problems with this filter * however * it is impossible to find replacement cartridges for the filter . I 've searched high and low , locally and on the internet , and all I could find is the measley prefilter cartridge . The actual filter cartridges -LRB- there are two -RRB- are nowhere to be found . Unless you know the store you buy it from carries the replacement cartridges , save yourself 20 bucks and go with a different brand .
 The fumes from the paint varnish used on this castle was extreme , the smell did not go away after 3 days of being submerged under water . Every time the tank top was lifted , the fumes escaped and smelled so strongly , I hate to think what it did to the water and would do to any living thing that had to breathe that water . I ended up taking it out and draining the tank and starting over . No way this is for anything inside of a fish tank . A shame and complete waste of money .
 The first time I received this it was in pieces . That 's not why I gave it 1 star . I gave it 1 star because they send me another one and this one must have been broken because you can see where they glued it back together and see the crack . I did n't mind that too much because you really only saw it from inside . So I put it in my tank and you can start to see the glue or oil in the glue start to leak into the water . Not take a chance on strike 3 .
 It 's been about 3 months and the paint at the top of the lighthouse has begun chipping away while the paint on the sides is starting to bubble . I have a freshwater 10 gallon tank . Temp is about 80 F.
 I went ahead and bought it even after reading the negative review on it.Well , it has been a month or so and the paint has started bubbling and some of it peeling off.I have it in a tropical freshwater tank . Buy it at your own risk !
 Mouse is actually the size of a ping pong , not a tennis ball . I think the picture is slightly misleading.However , as far as the Kitten is concerned , the Jury is still out .
 Sent me expired product , this is ridiculous & very inconvenient . Not sure what I will do now because I really needed this & ca n't find it locally .
 I 've been using Dispoza-a-Scoops for years , but recently their quality control seems pretty pathetic . The box of pooper scoopers I opened this week was the worst , though . One bag had no bottom seam and the rest either had seams that split under the slightest pressure or the plastic bag itself just split open . You can imagine how fun that was , strolling along with a bag full of dog poop ... and having the bag split open and spill its contents at -LRB- and on -RRB- your feet . Yuck.I tried to send an email to the manufacturer , letting them know about the problem , but every address I used -LRB- found on their website -RRB- was a dud . The messages just bounced right back to me . So maybe they 've gone out of business , or just do n't want customers to bother them.Bummer . I guess it 's back to the plastic-bag technique .
 I 've been buying these at Petco for over a year and the problem has always been that the stores ca n't keep them on the shelves . Taking care of the dog 's business has always made me squeamish . I bought these expecting to get them in three to four days , but expedited shipping was n't available and the projected arrival date was a week later . I got the product 16 days after ordering it . When I attempted to get an estimated arrival time from the vendor -LRB- at seven days -RRB- , the reply was `` soon . '' Thanks for all the dry heaving , As Seen On TV .
 I had given this a great review when we first bought it two months ago , but now want to say , I would recommend you not buy it . Our dog has already ripped through the back side of it . The material is very flimsy/thin and I can see that all it would take is one claw catching in it and you would have a hole . Ours now has a huge gaping hole with stuffing falling out and there is really no way to patch it as the material basically came apart in shreds.I emailed Snoozzy and they will not do anything for me as their warranty does not cover pet damage . My feeling would be to stay away from this mat if your dog is not super dainty and always careful . I do n't think we should have this much damage so easily in such a short period of time . I think I ordered it in April.The front of the mat is cushy and very soft . Sort of like sheepskin , or fleece but softer . My dog loved it at first , but as the weather got warmer , she would push it so it hung out of her kennel and use it more like a pillow . I think it was too hot for her . Our dog is very furry and tends to run hot , so that 's not anyone 's fault.But , I would not recommend buying this . The back side is not sturdy enough for animals with claws . I found it to be a waste of my money and will not buy anything from Snoozzy again . Unfortunately , the only thing I can do with it now is throw it out .
 I bought this in small , black , to put in my dogs ' crates . It was furry and soft , but with practically no stuffing - it was like someone sewed two pieces of fabric together . They would have had a softer bed if I had folded a towel up instead .
 This product is not really a dog bed or what my dogs would call `` cozy '' It would be best used as a crate pad for short-term crating or as a bed only for dogs under 30lbs . Heavier dogs need more depth to their bed . For dogs over 30lbs if this bed were used on top of carpeting that has carpet padding below , that would be adequate for most dogs up to 90lbs , but still is n't ideal . Used on a wood/tile floor this bed does now allow your pet 's hip/shoulder joints to sink in.I have purchases dozend of pet beds for my rescue over the years . I ca n't for the life of me , figure out why this one is so pricy . One night we had both dogs in the same room and only one bed available . We took out an old comforter and folded it 4 ways . Our 60lb and 70lb dogs competed for the folded comforter and ignored the `` cozy comforter '' unless it was the only option -LRB- and that was on a carpeted floor -RRB- . The best beds for large dogs will have at least a thin layer of firm foam and/or a thick layer of soft foam . A layer of Poly-fill above the foam allows for them to snuggle in and nest while that layer of foam keeps bones from pushing through to a too-firm surface -LRB- your floor -RRB- . Poly-fill alone tends to shift leaving spots that do n't provide enough cushion . I have n't yet found a bed that is perfect for large dogs but is under $ 75 , so I just make my own . You can do this too . Just buy a low-cost or high-end a poly-fill dog bed that has the poly-fill in a liner . Remove a little of the stuffing -LRB- save for later if the bed goes flat over time -RRB- . Cut to size and insert 1-3 layers -LRB- 1 layer for dogs up to 50lbs , 2 layers for dogs up to 100 , 3 layers for giant dogs -RRB- of Target 2 '' mattress-pad foam into the outer liner and then insert the liner with poly-fill . The pad here is 4 '' so it is adequate for large dogs but over-kill for those under 50lbs . EggCrate Foam Mattress Pad - Thickness 4 inches
 This pet bed is sold as 23 x 16 inches and the appropriate size for a 24 x 18 dog crate . It totally is n't ! It measures barely 21 by 15 inches . That 's not going to cut it in my dog 's crate . Other than misrepresenting the size however , it is a nice little -LRB- very , very little -RRB- crate mat . Will definitely be returned . If you want to receive the actual size bed you ordered , this one is a pass .
 i ordered this bed to go in my dogs 48 '' wire metal crate -LRB- typical type -RRB- and it DOES state that the product is several inches smaller than crate but i assumed that this was just over-kill so people would know what it fit INSIDE the crate and wouldnt to way too large . i have a `` quiet time '' crate pad in there already and this bed FITS INSIDE my current bed , if that gives you any idea . i am going to keep this item since it is small enough to fit inside the other crate mat it kind of evens out the size difference but am disappointed that this can not be used solely to fit inside a typical crate , it will leave about 3 inches length and 3 inches width of nothingness on the sides .
 This is the 4th purchase of this product I have made over the last 3 years . I usually by 2 and rotate but I 'm glad I did n't this time . It appears the company has taken a step backward in quality . On the other 3 they were thick , plush , well made , and stand a lot of washing before degradation . This one is nearly the same visibly and is plush but I would say has about 30 % less filler and is less robust . The price is about the same . Looks like I 'll have to buy the more expensive products to get quality . The others lasted about 18 months . I doubt this will make 6 .
 I purchased the pet bed for my new puppy . I washed it as instructed , and during the process , 2 of the buttons came off , which resulted in making the stuffing in the bed bunch up , now the bed ca n't be used , which is too bad , as my puppy loved sleeping on it . Very disappointed .
 Once my dog had eaten a whole in it , it was difficult to freeze liquid in it after that . She really was n't interested in it in the first place . I just threw it away .
 I think the concept is great ! The end result , however , -LRB- under supervision as the package indicates -RRB- was little fluorescent green pieces all over the floor and happy dogs who were able to eat whole pieces of the ice/chicken broth mixture after destroying the two bones I gave them . It took about 5 minutes of work on their parts to completely chew up this toy . I have a lab mix and an amstaff , about 50 + lbs each ... not too big but definitely chewers . Why lick the broth out when you can chew it out ? LOL .
 I receive a defective one but it was not worth the effort to return such a low cost item . Mine was two front fill sides fitted together , making it impossible to fill with any liquid -LRB- pour in the liquid on one side and it pours out the other -RRB- , an obvious manufacturing mistake -LRB- I wonder if some one else got two back/non-fillable sides glued together ? -RRB- . I got the bone on sale and it was n't worth my time to return although I 'm sure it would be handled correctly .
 Title explains what I -LRB- as well as my birds -RRB- had experienced . I think pellets are too big for parakeets . They did n't like it at all .
 This product did not work for me . It did not grow but then again I am not much of a gardner so do n't know if it was the product or me .
 After reading the 5 star review , I bought 2 pairs . It germinates ; however , the tender thing dies after germination no matter what I do . Not recommended .
 We followed the directions on the first disc and got nothing . So , we reread and followed them meticulously again . This time it sprouted , but just sort of got stuck at that stage . I wish I knew what we did wrong . I 'm glad it did n't set me back too much .
 I have a 1-year-old husky-heeler mix , ca 40 lbs . So , not a large dog.According to the packaging , the strap on this product is `` durable and chew resistant . '' Hardly . My dog chewed through the strap in less than 5 minutes . We had this in the house for less than an hour and it was already just a ball .
 I normally give all dog toys a review . . after I have had them a week ... as ... after a week you know how durable they are.i have a 60 pound sheepdog.I used this one for 3 days ... I was playing catch from the pool with it . . The tough handle is a great idea . . and it is very strong and well made.The Ball ... on the other hand ... must be the cheapest thing they could find . . as she cracked it open on the 3rd day . . and was bleeding from her mouth due to the sharp edges . . when it cracked open.DO NOT BUY FOR A LARGE DOG > try the Coleman toys . . most are durable enough . . and the strongest that I have found . . But , I was looking for a pool throw .
 I ordered a two pound package of theses for my dogIt seamed like a good deal . I did n't receive a two pounder instead I paidWay too much for the one pounder I got.RIPPED OFF
 This is probably a great food if your bird can eat it . Instead of just seeds , which are not a complete nutrition , this food claims to be a complete food , which is wonderful . My baby parakeet that I had for 6 days died today at the veterinarian 's office . He had apparently starved -LRB- breastbone was prominent -RRB- , and his occasional millet treats were n't enough to save him . I bought this food because it was the food already being served at the pet shop , so I never dreamed he could n't or would n't eat it . Now I realize my parakeet probably had not been eating it at the pet shop , either . I think the food is maybe too large , hard and chunky for a baby parakeet . Please make sure your bird can eat this and if you do n't see him eating it , do n't assume he 's eating it when you 're not in the room . Get another food immediately before it 's too late . I 'm not trying to villify the company , especially when they have gone to the trouble of creating a nutritious food . I later found a note -LRB- in miniscule type -RRB- on the package warning about non-acceptance ; it says if your bird becomes listless to feed it its `` old food '' -LRB- although this was my parakeet 's old food -RRB- . By the time your bird is listless , it 's too late . I just want to warn others so they do n't have to experience the grief and guilt I feel .
 I have a silky terrier that 's right over 15 pounds , so I have been giving him the entire dose every time.The other owners are right . He gets very quiet and protest the application every time I put this on , however I did not have burn marks on my dog . I proceeded to use it for 2 years on my terrier . It has worked perfectly.This past September , however , zodiac finally failed me . I reapplied my dog after about 3 weeks because I thought the dosage had weakened , however , fleas just go around the area and appears to have increase in numbers . I currently have no clue if I can apply Advantage 2 on my dog because it seems dangerous to put more insecticide on him.The flea situation has not improved . It 's been over a month .
 My father purchased this for his dog but he was too big . I decided to use it on my mini poodle . I used about 1/3rd of the contents because I was afraid of a reaction . Unfortunately , I had been right to be afraid . Just a few minutes after application , my dog was whimpering and could n't get up or move . He started alternatively biting his tail and his spine and licking himself like crazy . I immediately gave him a long bath . It did nothing . I gave him another bath with Dawn . Nothing . By the end of it all , I gave him about 8 baths that night , some with Dawn and others I just poured buckets of water over him and let the shower hose run . He improved a little near bed time but by that point I was ready to take him to the emergency vet . I stayed up to watch him just in case . The next morning he was still whimpering and lethargic but nowhere near as bad as the night before . Over the next few days I gave him several baths and he slowly started to recuperate . Thankfully he is back to normal now , but I 'm almost certain that my dog would have died if I had applied the entire product . I have had dogs all my life and I have never seen a reaction like this.Please stick with quality products and do n't buy this ! There is a reason it 's so cheap . It may work for a few dogs , but it 's not worth taking the risk on yours .
 This product seemed to work okay for about two days . Frankly , the mental suffering was the worst part , because unwisely , I only researched it * after * applying the first dose to my dog . The web is full of stories about seizures , burn spots , organ failure and even death associated with Zodiac Spot On -LRB- do n't even THINK about using their cat version -RRB- , so I was terrified I 'd harmed my dog . Fortunately , he 's okay , but now he has this product in his system , tons of fleas and I 'm afraid to double-dose him with a quality systemic like Advantix or Frontline . If only I 'd done the research ahead of time . PS , this mfr -LRB- Wellmark International -RRB- purportedly claims they will return your money if you still have the box and the product does n't work . However , they have not responded to my emails at all .
 We tried Zodiac Spot On tick control for our small -LRB- and awesome -RRB- mutt . Within 24 hours he was shivering uncontrollably and trying to scratch the area where the poison was applied . We called an emergency vet who told us never to purchase Zodiac or other over the counter meds like this and that these reactions were very common , especially in small dogs . I regret that we did not check with our vet in the first place , but will NEVER make the mistake of putting this crap on my dog again . Thankfully , after three baths and a lot of liquids , he is doing fine.Disclaimer
 I 've seen mixed reviews for this product , but I swear , I 've tried it twice , and both times it seems the fleas doubled !! Like they like the stuff or something !
 We recently applied this to our two small dogs , both Shih tzu 's . After an hour , one of them began yelping loudly , constantly twitching to get at her back to where it was applied . She ca n't walk without pain , and does n't eat , sleep or drink . We 've taken her to a few different vets , one of which gave her cortizone , but so far nothing has helped . However , the other dog seems to be perfectly fine , though I doubt we will be re-applying it . After looking online , several people seem to have experienced similar problems .
 Do not waste your time or money on this product . I decided to try it because , if by chance it worked , I 'd be paying $ 20 every three months for my three dogs instead of $ 50 a month for their usual Frontline . My three dogs are going back on Frontline immediately . I also tried the Zodiac Flea Collars which only keep fleas away from the neck line for a couple weeks .
 Within an hour of applying this Zodiac Spot on flea control , my dog was yelping and twitching . It 's been a week , and after a bath and vet visit she is still suffering . The vet said that this product should be banned , it harmed a lot of animals .
 I put this on my dog and she had a terrible reaction . I immediately gave her a bath and tried to wash as much of this off as I could . This is a very dangerous product -LRB- I now know -RRB- , and has killed many dogs or made them very ill . It certainly does not help with fleas , and is a total waste of money . When I purchased this I was told it contains the same ingredients as the more expensive brands , please do not believe this , you and your dog will regret it .
 Put this on our 13lb dog for mosquito control . He started itching like crazy , it 's been 2 days , have to give him benadryl . Spend the extra money on the good stuff for the sake of your dog .
 I was trying to save a little money and decided to use this product instead of Front-line or Advantage plus . When I put this on my dogs it seemed like the fleas became even more aggressive than they were , and it did not kill any fleas . The dogs were itching like mad and could not even sleep or sit still.I have been reading around the internet that this stuff has sickened and even killed people 's precious pets . AND they use cruel testing methods on beloved companion animals which I read on the Peta site . After four weeks I spent the money on Front-line Plus and within days the fleas were all gone .
 I had read review after review about how great this product was . I 'm glad it worked for those people 's dogs , but it sure did n't work on mine . I 'll definitely be looking for something else . This product was a huge waste of time .
 I find that Zodiac Spot-on works very well on my dog . But I have been unable to buy it from Amazon for many months . They may have also noticed that they have sold very little of this product for a long time . This is due in full to Amazon 's failure to fix a simple page setup problem . You will notice that when you click on the drop-down , LARGE dog is listed as 16 to 30 pounds . You will then notice that SMALL dog is listed as OVER 60 pounds !! So any of us with a small or large dog is not going to order this product from Amazon because we have no idea what we will be sent . I had to find another place to purchase my Zodiac -LSB- Pet Montain -RSB- . It 's not as if I did n't try to get Amazon to fix this simple `` point and click '' setup problem on their end . I contacted Amazon three times and both listed vendors twice each -LSB- with no results -RSB- . So when my last Zodiac Spot-on supply , was depleted , I again returned to Amazon for the purchase . You can imagine my shock to notice that after 4 months , not a thing had been changed or corrected.This , my friends , is not good marketing.Attention Amazon . Again
 Waste of Money doesnt work at all . I tried multiple applications in the same week and still nothing died on my puppy
 i have a solana hqi pendant and love the color of the stock current 14k bulb . after a year of use , i decided to buy another one . i ordered my powerpaq 150 watt 14k from here , and some knock off company saltwater discount shipped it to me . when i got the bulb it was very off color , nothing like what my old current powerpaq bulb looked like . the bulb came in a no name box , with nothing but numbers labeled on it . i did a google search for the numbers on the box and got a wholesale website for made-in-china knock of metal halides . the color is very white/yellow and my corals hate it . do not buy this product , it is a fake !!!
 The furminator works just OK . It has very tiny teeth so you have to clean after every stroke . I found the straightness of the blade unforgiving to a horse 's natural contours and it is surprisingly heavy . Your money is better spent on a 5-10 dollar round shedding blade , which I will order shortly . The packaging warns you about protecting the teeth and I suspect one drop on a concrete floor and it would all be over for this tool . This will probably sit on the shelf .
 The Furminator Equine is not a miracle tool but it does seem to work a little better than a standard shedding blade . It was $ 20 more expensive at my local tack store , so I definitely got a good deal buying it on Amazon .
 I have not found this product to work any better than any other deshedder on the market & think it is highly overpriced . Had I known it was n't any better or that it was n't the amazing shedder they claim it to be -LRB- over the others -RRB- , I would never have considered this over priced de-shedder . Do n't waste your money , it is not worth the price .
 I bought a Hydor ARIO 3 air pump about 3 years ago which finally gave up in February and stopped working . The pump functioned well enough -LSB- before it failed -RSB- that I purchased another one of the same type to replace it . Boy , what a difference 3 years makes ! Three new pumps received from Amazon ... and all of them defective . The first and second pump I received did not pump air because the motor shaft was frozen up . The third one not only did not pump air , but it also shorted out and blew the circuit breaker when I submerged it in a sink full of water to test it ! If this had happened in an aquarium instead of the laundry tub there would have been an expensive fish fry ! This experience does not reflect poorly on Amazon ; because they truly made returning the defective pumps easy and I can not complain at all about the way I was treated by Amazon . But this brand of air pump is certainly a worthless piece of junk which is potentially hazardous -LRB- the pump is probably manufactured in China now , I 'd guess -RRB- and I feel it my civic duty to share my recent experience with Hydor AREO 3 pumps . Save your money and time and buy something else if you need an air pump ! I certainly will ...
 This item stopped working within 2 weeks of installation . I believe the problem is with the impeller , but nothing I did would make it work again . It is a total pain to setup too .
 This pump did not work when we recieved it , the impression was also that it had a light in it , it did not .
 Does not work , plain and simple . Tried every adjustment including multiple depths and varying air tube length . Junky impeller and too noisy for inside aquarium . Read crummy reviews first on the lighted versions but ignored advice . Amazon makes it easy to return , though with no postage necessary , so kudos to them .
 In the picture displayed , it shows a plastic container FILLED with these squirrels and that is what I thought I was going to receive . When I opened the box , there was only `` one '' squirrel in a plastic bag . They should not be showing a picture of a full container of squirrels if there intent is to send only one squirrel to their customers . Looks like false advertisement to me . Also , my cat is not interested in the toy squirrel at all . He smelled it , and walked away . Huge waste of money !
 I did not really care for this product . The collar slipped right off my dog . The Customer service rep was really accomodating and was willing to send me a smaller one , but I really doubt that would even do the trick . I have a 7 pound dog and a 16 pound dog and this collar was even too loose for the 16 pound dog . He just took it right off . The thing would n't stay on at all . As soon as I put it on , my dog would shake his head a little and the thing would fall right off . I would not buy another one .
 These sponge balls would be great , if the WorldofPups sent what they advertise.My cat loves sponge balls . I was really excited to see the variation of textures and these great blue and pink colors.However , the Worldofpups does not send you what is pictured . They sent me two 4-packs of the spotted sponge balls . I was very disappointed to not receive what they advertise .
 Just in case someone got confused and think they are buying 12lb of food , guess what - YOU ARE NOT . They trick you with a `` sale '' price of saving almost 70 % off and describing the shipping weight as 13LB ! Even item description says it 's a 6CS , which means 6 bags count ... But at the end of the day all you get is just ONE BAG ! These people are SCAMMERS !
 This dvd is poorly done and is extremely light on content . The `` emcee '' is clearly reading , quite poorly , a script . He is very stiff . The information is not very detailed and quite frankly , not new nor very helpful . All of this information is available for free by searching online for information about cocker spaniels.Some ways this video could have been more helpful :1 . Mention that cocker spaniels can be shown , registered -LRB- i.e. AKC , CKC , etc. -RRB- , that one can simply enjoy them as pets or they can be entered in agility trials , become canine good citizens , etc. 2 . You could mention that they are part of the sporting dog group at Westminster .3 . You could mention that they are available as ASCOB , Buff , etc. 4 . You might have mentioned how to find a good cocker spaniel puppy - go to a dog show and talk with breeders , look at different puppies and dogs within the breed to get an idea of what makes a well bred cocker spaniel .5 . You might even mention that getting a rescue cocker is another option .6 . Regarding house training - you might talk about how to approach it . An overview of different methods such as crate training.The only part of the dvd that was kind of useful was the Interactive Basic Training - yet even that could be found on YOU TUBE.There is just not enough information on this dvd to justify its purchase .
 I purchased this item as a donation to a local animal shelter that had run out of cat toys . The item did not come in a nice clear canister as shown , but in a dingy plastic bag that had been squashed into a cardboard box so that several of the plastic balls were broken . I considered returning the product but decided the shelter 's need for the toys outweighed the time it would take to get a replacement .
 I bought this video and the same video for the German Shepherd puppy and guess what ? The were identical outside of the people talking , the dogs in the video and the breed history of the dog . VERY generic . Breed history is interesting but was still not any more informative than an internet search or a short book .
 There is a lot of information specific to pugs like ; shedding , overheating , housetraining issues , as well as their eyes . This was not covered . It was very generic about dogs . I think the title is misleading .
 It appeared to be an amateur with a borrowed video camera in front of a green screen that pushed record , ran in front of the camera , read dialogue off an easel then ran back behind the camera while hoping the borrowed puppy would hold still between segments . There was little , if any , breed-specific information . The ` content ' section is only about 20 minutes long and interspersed with footage of a of a single GSP puppy they followed around for 20 minutes in their back yard . No - really - it was that bad . I 'm not sure what could be done differently to make it worse . At least they used the right breed of puppy.The extras are worse than the main video . The `` puppy training extra '' went a little something like this
 First of all , I bought this DVD to gain some knowledge about this breed . This video may have well have been about German Sheperds . There was no in site on grooming techniques or anything . When they talk about feeding , they show a puppy gorging on a large bowl filled to the rim with food . The most distressing part of this DVD is that the narrator is shown with a Maltese puppy and is constantly having to prop him up because he is so sleepy and groggy . I really believe the puppy is heavily sedated in this film . The film is very cheaply made also for a DVD that costs $ 25 . Do n't waste your money .
 Waste of money . My tank water was not too bad to begin with , but I thought I would try this with some carbon for the extra polish , instead of buying moreSeachem Purigen 250ml -LRB- which makes water crystal clear -RRB- . What a waste of money ! From day one this has done nothing to clear my water , in fact it made it worse . It makes my AquaClear power filter stink after a few days -LRB- it was not clogged -RRB- , and after 3 weeks of no results I threw out the filter pad and am not looking back . I have way too much of this stuff left , sitting in the cabinet under my tank , collecting dust . If you ca n't afford or do n't like Purigen , polyester pillow stuffing -LRB- a.k.a. `` filter floss '' -RRB- works better than this . Would not recommend .
 I was looking for a different style bird cage and I certainly got it with this . The instructions were not the best and it was difficult putting the top cornice and turret on the actual cage . The first turret arrived broken and would not stay together , the replacement arrived and continues to fall off , so it remains off . Unfortunately the pull out tray does not seal enough in the front and feathers , seed shells are always coming out . I would not recommend this particular cage for the above reasons .
 The birdcage is a conversation piece in our home but we encoutered a problem setting it up . The short horrizontal wire to secure the corner turret was missing . A replacement cage was promptly sent but the piece was also missing and the base of the cage was not square , causing the metal drawer to stick out on one side . I was sent a part that was supposed to be the horrizontal wire but with no instructions . My husband `` Rube Goldberged '' the turret in place . I wrote a letter regarding this latest problem but received no response.Hopefully this an isolated occurance with this company.It 's a beautiful cage .
 I was so excited when I got this item in the mail that I went straight to assembling it . I was so bummed out when I noticed several pieces of the cage were broken . For the price you 're paying , its not worth it . Not only were some of the pieces broken , the overall quality of the product is very low .
 This product arrived partly assembled with several of the plastic pieces broken . I contacted the manufacturer and after a month today I finally received the replacement parts which also arrived broken .
 The plastic pieces are n't just broken , they 've broken into multiple tiny pieces , which can not be glued together . This bird cage was sold to someone else previously because they tried to glue it with the wrong glue . The bottom tray is not flat , so it can not slide in and out . The door opens like a guillotine and the top door opens to the sky . Does the builder think a bird can fly straight up to the sky like a helicopter ? Think about it ! The quality of the plastic is poor and this cage would be better for a mouse or a rat .
 Waste of money . My tank water was not too bad to begin with , but I thought I would try this with some carbon for the extra polish , instead of buying moreSeachem Purigen 250ml -LRB- which makes water crystal clear -RRB- . What a waste of money ! From day one this has done nothing to clear my water , in fact it made it worse . It makes my AquaClear power filter stink after a few days -LRB- it was not clogged -RRB- , and after 3 weeks of no results I threw out the filter pad and am not looking back . I have way too much of this stuff left , sitting in the cabinet under my tank , collecting dust . If you ca n't afford or do n't like Purigen , polyester pillow stuffing -LRB- a.k.a. `` filter floss '' -RRB- works better than this . Would not recommend .
 I bought five of these bird cages in all the various styles . I thought they were adorable but as the other buyer stated they are impossible to clean . No pull out draw !!! What were they thinking . I do n't know who designed these cages but I do n't think they owned a bird . After the color of the pan started to peel off I threw them out . They enraged me . I know I should have sold them because they are very expensive . But if I sold these cages I know they would n't have been happy with me . I could n't do that to someone else . If the manufacture reads this please design one with a pull out draw . Thank you . They are very cute and made very well and I love the cottage designs but being practical they are not . Sorry I had to give it only one star .
 This product does help keep the moisture from the floor but not 100 % and the green fabric is terrible . It ball 's up like and old sweater and this happened before it went through the washer . There are pieces of it everywhere . I do n't think it 's worth the money .
 I bought two of these for a litter of German Shepherd puppies . My female had a very small litter , only two pups . I loved the whelping box liner in the beginning . It worked great ! It was easy to use and washed like a charm . What was even better is that it was extremely easy to keep the box clean , and the puppies were able to move around easily . The bad thing about these liners is that even though they say they 're machine washable , they really do n't do well in the wash ... After about 10 washes , the back of the liners started peeling and coming off . Whenever the puppies peed it would soak through to box , and even onto my carpet -LRB- as I moved them out of the box once they were older -RRB- . I am extremely disappointed with these liners . They 've very expensive for how poor quality they are . I would n't recommend getting these , unless you never put them in the washer -LRB- you can just hose them off instead , and that works great except for when you do winter puppies like I do -RRB- .
 This product is POISONOUS to cats ! Please DO NOT buy this product . Within a few hours of putting this on my cat -LRB- EXACTLY as instructed by the box -RRB- she began to have neurological symptoms , such as twitching . She was literally drugged . She was sluggish , twitchy and drooling . We tried taking a wet towel and rubbing it off , but the next morning , it was still all over her neck . Her pupils were dilated and she was twitching even worse than the night before . I called a vet that told me to wash her down IMMEDIATELY with Dawn soap . Since she was already so scared , she was almost impossible to bathe . We brought her to the vet where they had to sedate her , bathe her again , and give her fluids to try and flush this poison out of her system . The vet says they see HUNDREDS of cases of Hartz products poisoning pets . I do n't know how they can legally sell something that kills your pets . If you love your pets , please do not buy this product . If I had done even a small internet search of this brand I never would have bought this . Every single review I have seen has been negative . I just hope I can save someone else from a costly vet bill , or even the death of their pet .
 After using this product on my cat . The following day I noticed him stretching out his rear legs and shaking them after taking a step or two . At first I thought it due to his stepping in his water tray . The next day he was still doing the same thing . I did a search online and found complaints concerning this product from numerous people . I rushed my cat to the local vet who informed me these muscle spasm reactions are typical with this product . How horrible . Hartz should be forced out of business for such actions . Fortunately , I caught the symptoms in time and Tig is doing fine now . I wonder how many pets have died due to unknowing owners trusting that a well known brand would help their pets . Do n't hesitate to steer clear of this product . It is dangerous .
 Please , do not use this product !!!! I have to warn anybody who will listen ... This product can be harmful if not fatal to cats ! My cat died because of a very similar product . I want to warn everyone . Do not use Hartz drops either as they are just as dangerous ! The only safe flea/tick medication is frontline advantage available from your vet . Yes , it is more expensive but is n't your pet 's life worth it ? Please believe me , I am not making this up or exaggerating ! I lost my female cat and my male cat is still recovering from this poison . Please Please Please be safe and listen to my warning .
 I discovered our cat had fleas around 11:00 pm , and WalMart was the only thing open . I got these flea drops because they were cheap and I could n't find the Advantage -LRB- I later learned that they keep it locked up because `` people steal it because it 's expensive '' . -RRB- I came home , gave the cat a bath and put one tube of these drops on his neck . It made his fur sort of greasy , but I figured that was how it was supposed to work.The next day , I came home from work and there was fur all over the rug , and he had a HUGE bald patch on the back of his neck . I did some research on google -LRB- which I should have done first -RRB- , and it turns out that one of the ingredients in this product is actually TOXIC to animals . I 'll say it again . TOXIC.We went to Petco and got some organic flea shampoo , and I gave the cat another long bath -LRB- he was NOT happy -RRB- and tried to scrub the area as thoroughly as I could . More fur fell out.Fortunately , we were lucky enough that our cat was fine . I spoke with the vet , and he said that it sounded like a combination of several things -LRB- me getting most of the product in his fur -LSB- instead of on his skin -RSB- , our cat being fat -LSB- 20lbs !! -RSB- and the fact that we washed it off within a day -RRB- probably saved his life.If you 've used this product , wash it off immediately and watch for signs of distress , loss of fur and odd actions -LRB- like shaking his/her paws like he/she stepped in water , etc. -RRB- If you see any of this , PLEASE , call your vet.I do n't normally buy into this kind of hysterical OMG THIS PRODUCT KILLED MY CAT/DOG/HUSBAND kind of stuff , but this is actually a serious problem according to our vet . I do n't understand why this product is still on the market , especially after seeing how many stories are posted about it , and seeing what it did to our cat just getting it on his fur . I also ca n't tell you how guilty I felt when I heard that he could have ended up with serious neurological problems or even dead from my desire to find something quick and to save a few bucks.So , in conclusion , please , please PLEASE do n't use this product on your cat . Spend the extra money to get Advantage or Frontline -- do n't risk the death of a pet to save a few bucks .
 This product is extremely dangerous and I will recommend NOT buying it to anyone who will listen . First of all , it does NOT help get rid of fleas whatsoever . Second of all , it is NOT good for cats -LRB- or dogs -RRB- and can actually kill them ! We used this product on all three of our cats and one of them almost died . Yes , it is cheaper than other flea treatment products like Frontline and Advantage , but it will end up costing you more if you have to pay for one or more vet visits . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 A few days after application they still had fleas so I called and they said to wait a week.A week later they still had fleas . Told to wait .2 weeks later they still had fleas . Called and was told that the product only works when you ALSO bomb your house , separately treat all pet beds -LRB- um , they sleep EVERYWHERE ! -RRB- , and each flea must bite the animal and the product must pass through each flea 's digestive system . THIS IS NOT ON THE BOX . I would not had wasted money on a product that ca n't do its job.When using frontline and revolution I got great and immediate results WITHOUT all those extra poisons ! I only bough Hartz because it was the only product available at the store nearest me.I 'm lucky none of my cats died however my youngest is losing clumps of fur and I 'm getting very worried about her . A refund of my money does n't seem sufficient . Hartz should stop selling such a horrible , ineffective product ,
 Yesterday while at CVS , I decided to pick up the Hartz drops for fleas and ticks to give to my cat . I had used my last Revolution , and this was on sale so I thought I would give it a try . After putting it on her , I left the house and returned several hours later , when I noticed that she was behaving very strangely . She was spitting up a frothy saliva and constantly smacking/licking her lips . Then she would shake her legs like she had stepped in water or she was having some kind of muscle spasm , and run around the house like a bat out of hell . Her breathing seemed slightly strained as well . I had no idea what was wrong , but it looked like something was definitely not right . Then it stopped , until today . This afternoon , I realized that her odd behavior could be related to the flea medicine , so I Googled it and was horrified at what I found . Countless stories of irreversible kidney damage , nervous system problems , and even DEATH . When I realized what was happening , I immediately gave her a bath and am watching to see if the earlier symptoms will go away . The vet is closed right now , but I will definitely be taking her in tomorrow morning . Not only do I believe this product hurt my sweet little princess , I noticed a couple of fleas on her after I bathed her . It does n't even work !!! Stay far away from Hartz . If I had any idea that there could be such nasty side effects , I obviously NEVER would have bought it !!! I am warning all of my friends who have pets to beware of this poison .
 I bought this exact product to use on my 1 year old kitty . About an hour after I applied it she started scratching the treated area so hard that tufts of fur were coming out and she was also twitching and running around the house acting very scared . This was totally unlike her so I looked online to see if anyone else had reported similar reactions . I found a few sites claiming that this stuff was dangerous . Next I called my vet and they told me to call the ER vet right away . I called and the vet told me to immediately wash my cat off very very well with dish soap . They emphasized that I really needed to do it quick and make sure I washed all of her skin off . I did and thankfully she seems alright . She still has some uncontrollable twitching in her tail but I am hoping that is n't long term . I know that this might sound crazy and from what I gather it does n't happen to every pet that it is used on but really , please do n't use this product . I ca n't explain how terrible it was to watch my kitty have that reaction . There is a lot of info about this product online and I am sure you can call your vet to confirm if you do n't believe me . But gosh , I just do n't want any pet or pet owner to ever go through this .
 Slightly less expensive than the good stuff but definitely `` NOT recommended '' . Followed directions for two cats over 5 lbs . Both cats were sick for over a week , still had fleas . This is a BAD product .
 I bought and administered this product to my 2.5 year old cat . Within an hour , severe negative effects were evident and she became very ill over the next few days . Wish I had known about these dangers before buying this poison , please visit HartzVictims.org . I WISH I COULD RATE THIS ZERO STARS !!!!
 DO NOT buy this as it can cause death in cats and dogs . Unbelieveable that it 's still on the market after so many cats and dogs have either died or had severe allergic reations . Unethical !!
 I did n't order this off of Amazon but I did get it at my local Walmart . I recently just moved into an apartment complex so and where I did n't have a job just yet I bought this product to put on my cat so he would n't get fleas . I 've owned my cat for ten years and never once has he had a flea . I moved into this place and three months after using this product I find a flea on my poor baby . The first time I applied this product I thought I applied it wrong because my cat was still able to get at it and try to lick it off . It caused him to froth at the mouth so I was forced to wash it all off -LRB- he sure did n't like that -RRB- . I called my Vet today because I need information on fleas . My Vet told me I should n't be using this product because it does n't get rid of fleas at all . She did n't say it was harmful but obviously it is . I did apply it to my cat today not reading the reviews until now . He 's doing fine but that 's just probably because he 's a big boy -LRB- 16lbs -RRB- . I 'm going to my vet tomorrow to get the recommended flea fix .
 I have a question , why do you distribute pet products that are harmful to animals ? I have been telling everyone I know who has a pet not to use your products and I still ca n't believe that stores sell them . My cat almost died 2 years ago due to using your anti-flea product . The vet told me that you actually have an ingredient in your flea treatment -LRB- Hartz UltraGuard Drops for Cats -RRB- that is poisonous to cats . That does n't really make sense to me since it is supposed to be used on cats . My cat almost died because of your product and if it were n't for my quick reponse to his abnormal symptoms he would have died . I also treated 2 kittens at the same time so they all 3 had to go to the vet . You guys should be ashamed of yourselves . After reading all your negative reviews on Amazon , hopefully enough people can get together to shut your business down . I never write reviews , but when it comes to killing animals , I feel like it would be wrong if I did n't inform people .
 We just got a kitten for our kids for the holidays , and unfortunately she came with fleas . Even MORE unfortunately , I picked Hartz flea product to try to get rid of them . She managed to lick the drops off of the back of her neck , started throwing up within minutes and was dead within three days . We did take her to the vet and she spent two nights there with them giving her every medication they could think of to help her , but she still died . I 'm not sure why this product is still on the shelves , but if you look online you can see that I am not the only one that has had this happen . Use Frontline or something recommended by your vet .
 ... because it really does harm cats . I made the mistake of purchasing this at Walmart before reading any reviews , and I know now that , in the case of this product , you get less than what you pay for . They should n't even give this away for free , that 's how bad it is.I applied this to my cat as instructed , but a few days later I noticed that clumps of hair were falling off the application site , and in their place were several red blisters . Guess what ? The fleas were still there too ! My cat did n't experience seizures like the other reviewers mentioned , but he 's a big boy ; that probably had something to do with it.Bottom line , do not buy this product if you want to keep your cats healthy or get rid of fleas . Stick with the Bayer-branded flea treatment . Both you and your cat will be happy you did , unlike mine . : -LRB-
 I wish zero stars was an option.I bought this product at Walmart after finding fleas on our two cats . We applied one vial of treatment on each cat , quarantined them in separate rooms for four hours -LRB- so that they could not groom the product off of each other -RRB- , and waited for the magic to happen ! It did n't . We 've been combing them with a flea comb daily , and the number of fleas found on each cat has gone UP in the ten days since we applied the treatment . We were using Hartz in tandem with diatomaceous earth on the carpet/sofas , apple cider vinegar on the hardwood , salt on the counters and tables , and daily vacuuming . We have n't found any fleas on ourselves/in the house since we started our aggressive battle , but we continue to find them on the cats . This proves to me that the fleas are living , laying , and hatching quite happily on our felines post-treatment . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT .
 Purchased this at my local Target because of the price , and it LOOKED like a decent product so I figured I 'd try it . Put it on both of my cats that evening , and less than an hour later they started acting WEIRD . They starting spitting up and slobbering all over the place , and their whole bodies were twitching badly . Their personalities were strange as well , my cats are both very social and love coming to you , but at this point they were afraid of me and hiding under the couch . I decided to go to old faithful Amazon to look at reviews for this stuff to see if others had a similar experience . Sure enough , they did . Right away I washed down both of my cats with dawn dish soap and prayed for the best , but still had my emergency vet on speed dial . It has now been a couple of weeks and thankfully both of my cats are doing just fine -LRB- must be the 9 lives concept -RRB- ! In this case I learned you get what you pay for . Do n't risk your cats ' lives to save a few dollars . I am back to using Advantage II .
 We followed the directions exactly and used this product on our 2 cats at the same time . Week later they both had live fleas on them .
 We bought 3 boxes for our 3 cats . 2 long hairs and one short . The product seems to work except it leaves a large area of fur coated with the product . The area gathers dirt due to the coating . The product stays visible for 10-14 days on our cats .
 I have 4 cats and recently moved into a new home and wanted to get some flea drops without spending boat loads of money . So I purchased Hartz Ultra Guard Plus Flea and Tick drops for cats from my local Walmart . I got home and applied the drops to all four cats . Within five minutes one of my cats who is usually very calm began running around the house in a panic , obviously shaken . He made a few laps around the house and stopped at my feet foaming profusely at the mouth and now seizing . I got him out onto the porch and away from all the other cats who were all as completely stunned as I was . I tried to calm him and figure out what to do without freaking out and when I looked inside one of my other cats was seizing and foaming at the mouth . I immediately got on the internet and the review were horrendous . I washed all four cats with Dawn dish soap and contacted my vet . The side effects went away slowly . The first cat was fine that night while the other , smaller cat took a few days . I 'd catch him twitching or smacking his mouth like he had peanut butter in it . I wrote Hartz a very lovely letter ; it 's pretty bad when you have a website dedicated to the victims of your negligence !
 This stuff is poison . Yeah , it sure will kill the fleas , right along with your cat . This vile gel separated me from my beloved friend forever . This is the second pet we have lost to Hartz products . We lost one cat in February from Hartz vitamins , and now , literally minutes ago , another to these acursed drops . Do not ever buy Hartz products . I have shared my story on -LRB- ... -RRB- , and perhaps if I had seen this website before purchasing them , I could have saved my beatiful lifetime companion . This filth does not deserve even one star .
 did absolutely nothing . it was the best flea treatment walmart sold and this purchase was further proof that walmart sucks and sells crappy products . buy a real flea treatment like frontline .
 I had a major flea infestation , but did n't expect my cats to die from the Hartz drops . They went into some type of strange seizure , both cats had enlarged pupils - they seemed frozen in time . My cat spent 4 hours in pain , whined , and eventually died . It was terrible to watch . Both cats died the same way . Do not use this product . Remove your cats from the infested home , treat the home , bathe the cats - wait until toxins levels are low or gone , then bring them back home . I lost my cats and you should n't have to go through this . : -LRB-
 i put this on my cat 5 hours earlier . he has lost hugh clumps of fur . i bathed him immediately . never again will i use Hartz . i am in utter shock .
 This product is absolutely insane . It harms the cats and yet is a paradise for the fleas . AVOID IT LIKE THE PLAGUE !!!!!!! . I had the misfortune of buying this product for my cats at Wal-Mart rather innocently since at that particular store it was the only anti-flea products on the shelf . Immediately upon applying it on my cats , all six of them and not all of them related to each other , became sluggish and listless . I thought it only temporary but it lasted on until the next day , to the point where they were n't even eating their food or even getting up off of the floor . Fearing for my pets I decided something was the matter and I bathed them in order to get the stuff off of them . I noticed that as soon as I bathed them my cats ' energy levels started improving . I commented on it to a friend of mine and she said their Aunt 's cat died from a Hartz anti-flea product right in front of their young cousins and everything . The poor cat had a seizure and died . So in short , this stuff kills the cats ... . but not the fleas ! I ended up having to bathe my cats for a second time in order to get rid of the fleas that the Hartz application had n't even affected . So while it may be reasonably priced it is cheap for a reason , it is lethal to the cats and harmless to the fleas . AVOID IT !!!!!!!!!
 He came in from the back yard about 8 hours after application , panting , heart racing . I thought he was overheated and did n't put two and two together until the next day . The veterinarians staff said they have lost many , many cats to this product . I can not believe it is still being manufactured and sold .
 I did n't have the negative issues with this product that other reviewers did - my cat is still alive , but she is still covered with fleas that are still very much alive also . I might as well have just given her a bath and bought some Frontline .
 I bought two boxes of the 3 mo supply for my two cats . I have used it for two months and am extremely disappointed with the results . I used it precisely as the instructions on the box indicated , but I see no dead fleas or any less fleas on either of my cats after the two times I have applied the treatment . It almost seems as if there are more fleas than before I applied it . All that this product does is inconvenience me and make my cats uncomfortable for days because it leaves an oily spot on the back of their necks that doesnt dry for about a week ! Do n't waste your money on this product . Spend a little more on something that actually works - like Frontline or Revolution .
 My cats continued with fleas after using this product and when I told my vet which product I used she said '' Oh , just throw it out '' . She knew this product has unsatisfactory results .
 This is the worse product ever ! When I bought it I figured it was the same as what I get from my vet as I forgot the name but absolutely not ! I put it on one of my 3 cats and she instantly starting itching the area and trying everything she could to get it off of her . She started running from me and was so obviously miserable . She was itching so bad her fur was getting scratched off . That was yesterday and I have washed the area 3 times now . It finally looks better but a small amount of residue is still on her . I feel so bad as she went through H *** and know now to just wait until a weekday and get these kinds of products from my trusty vet . The rest of it is in the garbage and believe this company should not be allowed to sell this poison . I 've learned a lot and care about my pets too much to go the cheap route ever again .
 I bought this from Petco , because I was being cheap and did n't want to pay more money for Advantage or Frontline . BIG MISTAKE!It left a gigantic greasy mess all over my cat 's back , but no big deal , as long as it works , right ? Well two days later and the fleas are still there , NO effect at all , and my cat has been vomiting twice a day , plus has been acting very erratic.I am so upset that I purchased this , that Petco sells it , and that Hartz is allowed to make this awful product .
 I put the product on my cat last night . She started acting funny this morning . She was very standoffish and she was twitching her hind legs like she had stepped in something . I went online for help . I came across a lot of bad reviews . So I washed my cat with Dawn . I 'm hoping I washed it off in time . I 'm calling hartz to complain .
 After two applications it has not made any difference . I believe they are using the Hartz brand to sell an inferior product to value-oriented shoppers . I 'm guessing they can not mimic Frontline or Advantage because of patents , so they created their own recipe to get into the market . It does n't work -- my opinion the product is so bad it is bordering on fraudulent . In the meantime I now have a bigger problem with fleas inside the house . Go with the vet recommended brands and save yourself the trouble .
 I have a white cat . I applied the product per the directions . It turned his hair yellow-brown and looked so nasty . After a few hours , it still looked very wet and the color had n't returned to white . I thought this was strange , so I started googling it . Then I found all the reviews on here about how bad it is . I have to agree . It was a waste of money , seems like a dangerous product , and now my kitty 's hair looks nasty !
 Hartz Mountain Corporation should be ashamed of themselves . I putit on my two cats and my oldest one seems way out there after using this stuff . I gave him a bath and he is fine now , but the fleas are still there . What a waste of money and poor kitty . I will never buy another Hartz product again . i thought they would have reformulated the product but instead simply changed the packaging . Shame on you Hartz .
 I used this on my cat just like the directions said . For 24 hours any time someone would touch the area that the flea medicine was distributed , she would freeze , then run under the bed . This product caused her to be very sensitive , and definetely not acting like herself , so we washed it off with dish soap and the symptoms slowly disappeared . I read the other comments of what this product has done to cats and I guess my cat is one of the lucky ones.I am now currently looking on line for non-chemical , more natural remedies ... after all my cat went through , this product did n't even get rid of the fleas .
 This product is worthless . I used it on my cats for almost 2 months . The only place they do n't have fleas is right on top of the area I applied the medication . I 've kept up with combing them almost every day and the fleas just do n't stop coming ! Do n't waste your money . Hartz = BAD
 I wish I could give this Zero stars . I put it on my cats and they still have fleas a few days later . Absolute waste of money . and from what I 've heard , toxic to animals too . WTH how do they get away with selling this crap ???? Perfectly Useless . I 'd like my money back .
 I bought this product for my cat because I was trying to save money -LRB- I usually buy frontline -RRB- . While it did n't have any noticeable side effects on my 15 pound cat , it also did n't kill any fleas . I noticed one flea was a little sluggish a few hours later , but none died . And over a week later there are more fleas than ever before . Do n't waste your time and money , buy the good stuff .
 I needed an outdoor food storage container for my dog . The first one I received the lid would not fit . It would not snap shut let alone provide an airtight seal as it claimed . I received a second one and at least the lid would snap shut on the front . However , you could see the gaps on the side . I would suggest buying one at a pet store and paying a little more for it to work right .
 This was a disappointing purchase . It claims to be airtight and it is not . The small door snaps shut but that is it . The container lid does not seal and there are gaps between the lid and the container . This is the first Amazon purchased product that I have been disappointed in -- it is not as advertised.The overall size and functionality was exactly what I was looking for but it is pretty useless if it is not air tight . If you do n't care whether your dog food stays fresh or it is not secure from critters then it is a good purchase.Bergan 50-Pound Large Smart Storage , Colors Vary
 I read some other reviews here about the product not sealing , and I had hoped it was just a fluke , but nope , after I poured my bag of food in , we realized the lid did n't close . So not only is 35 lbs of dog food currently going stale , but now I have to take this giant useless and expensive thing to a post office because of the most essential design flaw .
 I 'd been looking for a dog food storage container for quite some time and was very excited when I saw all the good reviews on this one . The product was not quite as I expected , however.I purchased the 50 gallon size of this container , and when it arrived I could not even get it to close - at all . The plastic was warped so much that the edges just would n't fit together . It also seemed very light-weight and flimsy . I was expecting it to be more like a heavy-duty , Rubbermaid outdoor trashcan , but instead it was thin and light with a `` dollar store '' type of look to it . The only reason I did not return it was because it was delivered in a HUGE box and I have no car . Getting it to the post office would have been an ordeal for me.After deciding to keep this product and work with it , I was able to `` train '' the plastic to close by stacking heavy books on it and using a hair dryer to warp it back into shape . It closes fine now , but it 's still not the product I was hoping for . Even the little flap that opens on the top is difficult to work with . I find myself trying to close it multiple times before finally hearing it snap into place.My over all conclusion is that this product was a GREAT idea , but was n't made as well as it could have been . I would love to own a better-made version of this product , but this version leaves me feeling irritated .
 This container looks good but I did not receive the product in good condition . It seems that due to the packaging the container bent and it does n't close . Very disappointed as I was looking to store the dog food that I ordered alongwith this container in it and now I am stuck with a huge bag of dog food that will probably go bad .
 when the storage container arrived the smaller lid was broken and it only grips on one side . I still use it though , but it 's tough getting the food out of the bottom when it runs low due to the crevices on the sides
 the container looks very nice but the big lid just would not click and close , i had to return it .
 I 'm not pleased with this order at all . The lid doesnt even close ! There is a seal on the lid which would be ideal if it actually shut properly , but it does not . I have reordered and hope this is just a faulty item , we shall see .
 I really liked this container that I used for dog food , the size and shape of the box is perfect and thought the little door was very handy to reach for the food , that is until one of the two small plastic thingy that hold the small blue door together broke . Now I 'm really disappointed as the box do n't really close anymore . I suppose the small door is not made for open and close a couple time the day -LRB- hungry dog -RRB- . Too bad as I even liked its color !
 I have not received my order as of yet although you have charged my Credit Card.Hard to review something you do n't have.I wanted to give this product NO STARS but your survey wo n't accept it .
 Instent Dog Haus Pet TentIN the advertisment it states that it comes with a pad for the inside I did not get this with my order and have been able to get an answer from the company about this.the tent is good and easily unfolds and folds up and can be returned the the bag provided and will hold two big dogs
 that also makes it a bit bendable and moveable for those with big dogs that tend to lean against the sides when sitting or laying down . I use it to crate at agility trials and the light color is great on the hot sunny days . My German Shepherd girl got the thing walking around under my tent area just getting excited when I would return or moving around inside.That said , there were excellent instructions permanently attached to the bag it came in . Incredibly lightweight and sets up in a second.Didn ' t get the quilted pad that supposed to come with it but hopefully the company sends that later -LRB- message to company I purchased from -RRB- . UPDATE ! Used it at 2 trials and really not for big dogs . Though there is plenty of room , if you do n't stake it down -LRB- on a mat or indoors -RRB- it can easily go rolling around the area with your dog pushing it around and over . Worse still is the material that makes up the ventilation screening . My GSD literally ripped a 20 '' slit in the door screen with one swipe of her paw . Was n't continuous scratching mind you , one meaninful swipe -LRB- with Dremeled nails ! -RRB- . So it no longer will hold that dog in . Though I 'm going to try to find some stronger mesh -LRB- and someone with a sewing machine -RRB- the tent is basically ruined until repaired.So if you have tiny dogs , that never scratch , you are good to go . Otherwise , it was a bit expensive for only 2 uses . Though I love the idea , the light weight , the setup/take down and the large size !
 I ordered the ABO Gear Dog Haus Pet Shelter from Wicked Deals for a sick pet , and paid for expedited service . It was indicated that the product would arrive between January 21 and 28th . Nine days later , I received a notice from Amazon that they had not had a confirmation of delivery from Wicked Deals . I forwarded two emails to Wicked Deals asking about the status of this purchase . Not only did I not receive the item , Wicked Deals never even responded to my inquires ! And this is `` expedited '' service from Wicked Deals , who claims to be all about customer service ?! ... Be Careful when dealing with Wicked Deals ! -LRB- It is n't one if it never arrives ... -RRB-
 I love these tents for trialing with my two small dogs . But I 'm on my fourth one at this point , and I do n't know how long I can keep paying so much for new ones -LRB- when we first got them it was because Tuesday Morning had a pile of them for under $ 30 -RRB- . The issue is that , after a few months , the bidirectional screen-door zipper breaks . At its best , you can keep using one side , but now you can only zip and unzip it one way -LRB- if you do n't , the zipper gets stuck , does n't catch the other half , and you end up with an open instead of a closed `` door , '' although you thought you were zipping it shut -RRB- . At its worst , neither side will zip anymore -- whether from left to right or right to left -- and so you have only the option of using the outside solid door , which my dogs do n't like -LRB- they want to `` wait and watch '' at the screen door sometimes , and do n't like being shut in ; they 're too short to see out the windows while lying down -RRB- . Yes , the dogs have made holes in the screen sometimes , but I can sew those up . But with a broken zipper -- it 's probably a five-foot-long zipper , goes all around the door -- there 's not much you can do ... If anyone knows a secret about how to fix the zippers , please post it !
 Hi . . I have n't had this heater very long but I am not happy with it so far . The dial has no calibration numbers on top and the heat in my tank fluctuates , i.e. , it does n't seem to have good thermostat action . The clamp on top is lousy too . I think I 'm going to change to an Ebo Jager . Good luck .
 I must have received the wrong package based on the Product Description ! These chips vary in size - but are not thick as described . Can get the same item at PetSmart , Petco or Target for same price or less .
 The seller was not particularly helpful in helping to replace the toy afterthe `` spinal seam '' came undone ... due to a too small knot in the stitching which pulled through the fabric when the dog bit the toy to make it squeak.This occurred in the first 30 minutes of the toy being presented to a gentle dog . I emailed Jakks , the distributor , who promised to send me a replacement.That was three weeks ago ... I 'm still waiting . I 'd choose another manufacturer and supplier ... even though AKC recommends this toy .
 This thing might be popular with the cats , but it comes apart too easily and is too unstable to allow them to get into it easily . The idea is cute , but the functionality leaves a lot to be desired . Too many pieces .
 The whole contraption is unstable , wobbly and certainly does not swing . The canvas has an over-powering smell which can not be washed off . Neither of my two cats would go anywhere near it .
 First the good news
 This is not worth it . My pit ate it in large chunks in under a minute . i bought it locally for what i 'd pay for dinner - not worth it in terms of money or time in keeping him busy . he takes longer to eat an entire bowl of food . .
 First let me say that all three of my dogs love these . They are not very aggressive chewers , but these only lasted a matter of minutes with each one of them . For this price , I expected a toy/treat that would last much longer . Save your money and buy a box of milk bones .
 When my first set of bones arrived covered in thick , hairy , green mold , I just sent them back and asked for a replacement . I thought that it might just be a one time thing . But my replacment set of bones came covered with the same type of mold . I am very disappointed ! Amazon rarely disappoints me , but it has this time . I will just have to look for these at my local pet store .
 We bought the multi-pack that comes with the standard non-edible nylabones . After 3 minutes of our puppy chewing on this `` edible '' bone , we got concerned that he had bitten off a chunk of it . To our relief , the bone is technically `` edible '' , but the fine print says for puppies 6 months and older . To me , that 's a little misleading . I 'd consider a puppy under 6 months old.Our dog passed the 1-inch chunk he 'd eaten , but it was his first soft stool in the 6 weeks we 've had him . The rest of the bone found its way into the garbage . Nylabone should reconsider selling a multi-pack of these bones mixed with the non-edible style . We were ultra-concerned when handing him a bone that he managed to eat assuming it was the same as the others.My advice , steer clear of these `` healthy '' edible Nylabones .
 It did n't take very long either . Not fun to come home to.The dogs liked them though .
 I agree with the previous reviewers - I should have listened ! My Boston Terrier chewed up and ate an entire bone in less than 5 minutes . This may be a good `` treat '' but I would not call it a chew toy !
 I ca n't necessarily blame the product but my dog sniffed this and would n't even pick it up . Looks like I 'll be donating the other box I bought to his dog friends in the hopes that they will eat it .
 My puppy is teething so I had previously purchased the original Nylabone made out of flavored plastic . The dog loved it , not super excited about the regular bone but she did put a lot of work into destroying it . When she finally finished the original plastic bone I decided to go back to the store and grab some more . I was looking around and came across these , `` natural , '' flavored bones and thought ... `` SWEET !!! Same great bone but easier to digest ! '' How wrong I was . First off this is NOTHING like the plastic teething bones . They crumble easily ... and by easily I mean my 3.5 month old Wheaten Terrier destroyed these in less than 30min , and she 's only about 15 pounds right now . They are recommended for dogs 6 months + with pretty much a full set of permanent teeth because they can shred the bone more easily and to a finer debris . For my dog this was BS ... she destroyed these into tiny little flakes that can be easily digested AND managed to get them all over her underbelly and tangled in her fur . The mess was n't an issue . . the durability was . This is basically an expensive treat , I much rather give her bullysticks over this as a treat -LRB- and they last longer -RRB- . If your dog is teething , this is def NOT the Nylabone version you want . Stick to the original plastic flavored bones or frozen towels . Both work great .
 I am a big fan of treats that are digestable . I purchased this product thinking it would be safe to feed my dog . I left the treat for my dog on my way out the door for work , when I arrived home 4 hours later the treat was fully gone and the poor dog could not control his bowel movements and had diarrhea.This diarreha lasted for 2 days , and was so bad that I had to take a trip to the vet which ended up being one of the most expensive trips I 've made there yet to have him tested for various illnesses.I did n't attribute the diarrhea to the product at first , but a week later I again gave my dog this bone treat and a few hours after eating the bone the diarrhea started back up again.I 'm unsure what exactly about this product is `` healthy '' , and would argue against it being `` edible '' . Sure technically you can give this product to your dog and if he eats peices it wo n't require surgery to remove . But you 'll spend 2-3 days dealing with uncontrolable doggy bowel movements , and excessive dehydration . And if your not quick enough to realize it 's this treat causing your problems you 'll spend a few hundred bucks at the vets office like I did.And do n't get me started on how quickly these things can get eaten ... From now on I 'll stick with bully sticks .
 Seriously ?? By whose standards ?? Since when are wheat starch , glycerin , cellulose , potato starch , bacon flavor -LRB- ? what does this mean ? -RRB- healthy?I bought this thinking it would last a few hours or days but my dog just gobbled it up in minutes.I love the nylabone chew products but I do n't recommend these unless you have very large dogs that can eat them as treats .
 I was very exited to receive this item for my master bathroom , however it only worked for 2 weeks at best!I would even say the nice smell catcher was starting to go away after 1 week and the gelly inside started to shrink immediatelyYes it 's cheap but not worth it ! I wish it would have worked 60 days like advertize , it would have been a great item .
 I have used Damp Rid for moisture removal before and the products work well but this really does n't work as good as I thought it would . I thought while removing odors it would provide the smell of berries as well , or some smell . In reality , it smells when you open it but the smell does not fill the room at all . I ; m not talking like a plug in or one of those warmed oil warming units , it just does n't add a scent to the room at all . For the price , just get regular damp rid and use a warming unit like glade plug ins or air wick unit which actually does scent the air .
 I purchased this to try and get rid of a musty smell from my old cabinets . All I notice is a grape/berry smell being emitted from the product . Does n't seem to be absorbing any odors .
 I found that this product worked reasonably well . I used it in a musty bathroom . It had a pleasant order . I found that it did not last long , and have since found products that work better
 I used this product under our sink , next to the trash . While it may have gotten rid of some odors , it really mostly just covered them up with this awful berry smell . At first it was sort of nice . After a week , it was pretty powerful . After a couple weeks it was unbearable and I finally threw it out . If the door or drawer was left open even a crack , that awful smell would fill the kitchen . I do n't see this complaint in others ' reviews , so maybe I just got a dud , but if you are sensitive to smells at all , I 'd try one of the others that does not have it 's own smell . The whole point is to eliminate odors - not create new ones !
 A different type bird food was shipped than what was pictured and different than what I needed . My bird , a conure , eats the `` Kaytee Exact Natural '' a brown pellet form for PARROTS & CONURES . She has done well on this and I was happy to find it on Amazon . Hope that the product and picture of it gets corrected so that I and any other customer might get what they need in the future.Wayne Elmore
 Groomer had a hard time applying.They need to be removed for trimming since the nail continues to grow.Very upsetting to dog .
 I purchased this for my yorkie-poo because we have hardwood floors . They were fine at first then I noticed she began to lick her feet alot . After a few days I noticed no fur on my dogs feet . Upon further investigation I discovered sores that the plastic had left between her toes . Very ugly blisters and sores . It took my mom , my fiance , and I three hours to remove them from her feet . She yelped and cried the whole time and I cried due to the fact I can not stand any of my animals in pain . I am furious with this product and will be contacting the company and producing the photos I took of my dogs feet . To anyone looking to buy these stupid things do not they cause your animal pain and it is even more hurtful when you have to remove them !!!!! DO NOT BUY !!! DO NOT BUY !!!!
 Terrible ! Could not get them off my poor dog for over 4 months , her nails were so grown out when we finally got them off as well as some of her nails being discolored like brown/black almost dead looking . . I could tell they really bothered her .
 This seller was great ! Quick delivery but the product sucks . My dog cried within minutes of walking around and I only did one paw to see what he would do . he started to try and bite them off and would stand up . I could n't torture him so I took it off . Would n't waste my money on it if your dog is not accustomed to new things .
 My dog had these chewed off within a few hours of application . He just waited til they dried then chewed them right off . Pointless , expensive , worthless if your dog likes to chew anything .
 Not only will this seat allow your dog to sit up higher to see , in the case of an accident , they will smash right into the windshield or airbag , sure to be killed instantly , instead of a pet carrier where they could survive !! Seriously people ... If you have to have your dog , or cat for that matter , travel in the car with you , put them in the back in a pet carrier . This item is NOT safe at all for your animal ! You would n't put a baby in one of these and call it a day would you ?! This is animal cruelty and the product needs to be banned from the market .
 I never did receive this item . I finally called this company one month after I was supposed to receive the item and they said that the booster seat came back after they had sent it . Then they did nothing . They did not resend it nor did they call me nor did they refund the money . Then the person stated that the item was out of stock now . After all of that I then told him to forget it and refund my account .
 It 's ok ! I have never tried any other seat so I have nothing to compare it to . The one thing I hat most is the fact that it does n't sit straight unless the seat is straight up and down . This makes it impossible to have a good fit in the back seat . The leash that is used to connect the dog is too long . I would never leave my animals unattended in this seat since they could try and jump out and hang themselves . If you have a very calm dog that will likely lay down and go to sleep then this seat is a good idea . Also the seat size is a little small for my 5 pound chiuahua . He can sit but not lay down . My 12 week old Min Pinscher fits very good but she is tiny and only 3 pounds . I dont think I would buy another .
 I AM NOT HAPPY WITH THE WAY THE SEAT HAS TO BE INSTALLED IN THE SEAT-i HAVE A CHEVY sUBURBAN AND I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO INSTALL THE SEAT CORRECTLY-I DID NOT REALIZE THE INSTALLATION OF THE STRAPS WOULD HAVE SUCH AN IMPACT ON THIS PRODUCT-IT DOES NOT FIT WELL IN MY SUBURBAN-I WISH I HAD PICKED A DIFEERENT PRODUCT -
 Found these worked great for a little while , but were difficult to remove when the nails grew out . Wo n't use them again .
 I was told to use a brush -LRB- for my Havanese dog -RRB- that did not have the `` balls '' on top so that the `` hair '' does not break . I tell you that this expensive brush was not worth all the money I paid for it . it does n't seem to make that much of a difference what type of brush you use unless you have your dog in the dog shows . Maybe then this would be a good choice for you .
 I have two dogs , a Boston Terrier and a Boxer . Both are mainly inside dogs due the heat from living in Florida . I also have an indoor only cat . The flea problem this spring has been excepionally bad . I purchased Advantage for all three of my pets -LRB- Advantage for cats , for the cat of course -RRB- . It did absolutly nothing to combat the flea problem ! I treated the house , washed all bedding , bathed the animals and applied the Advantage . I could have rubbed the money I spent on the flea control on them and gotten the same results . They would be flea free for maybe one day and then my pets were full again . And the fleas did n't even act as if they were affected by it at all . The fleas were full of life jumping all around . I had applied a second dose , as the package suggedted , after 15 days and still nothing . I am very disappointed in my purchase of Advantage and will purchase Frontline instead .
 Did no receive the small dog one . I receive the large dog 21-55lbs instead . If they would make sure to send what I ordered since my dog is only13 lbs . I might have used it . Hassles .
 I purchased this item and after 2 applications 4 weeks apart the fleas are still here . I saw no difference and would not buy this item again . I am using Frontline on my 55lb dog and intend to switch my smaller dogs to this product .
 To be honest , im very disapointed in this product , it did get rid of a few fleas but we are still having to pick fleas off her every day , ive used this product in the past with very good results , an she is a inside dog , so I dont know if I got a bad batch or what happened but it didnt work very well for us an I got for 21-55 lb dog an she weights only 22 lbs , so she should have been covered very well , probably will just buy from the vet office from now on
 I have never had problems with fleas on my 7 lb yorkie . We switched over from Revolution to Advantage because of the great price and free shipping here on Amazon . Poor dog got fleas after starting Advantage and even putting the medicine on again after less than a month , the fleas are still alive and healthy ! Maybe this is a bad batch from Amazon but I 'm throwing the last 4 months away and going back to Revolution .
 I put this product on my 4 chihauhau 's and they experienced severe reactions . Two of them had severe itching , redness of their skin , and hair loss . I will never use any of these toxic flea repellents again . I will only use natural means of flea control . I implore you to read up on these products before applying them to your animals . It has taken almost 6 weeks for these symptoms to cease . The fleas themselves were not causing the problems that this product caused . I have researched and found a natural flea control from the cedarcidestore .
 they made me wait 3 weeks and I never got the item ?? so could I rate ? sence I never got it minus one star !
 I tried two tubes on my Maltese with little or not results . The dog still has fleas . We are switching to Comfortis pill to try and eliminate the problem .
 I 'll not buy Advantage again ; had I spent more for Advantix my dogs would n't have had the trouble they did . But Frontline works on both fleas and ticks and does n't cost much more than this did ... and it 's what I 've used in the past . My dogs both developed ear infections from having ticks crawl deep into their ears . The vet visit and medications , including two tick collars to pick up where the Advantage left off , was around $ 200 . But I did save $ 10 by buying Advantage rather than Frontline !!! -LRB- How entirely stupid of me ! -RRB-
 This is a good product , but do n't buy it from Amazon . I ordered this a month ago and Amazon sent me the wrong item twice and then said they will not try again .
 The Advantage works great on my dogs , however if I knew Amazon 's free shipping meant that we would have to wait 3 weeks to receive it , I would have ordered this product from another vendor . As explained by Amazon , they save with their shipping carrier by shipping bulk orders out on crates , which means your item being shipped `` Free '' via the Super Saver option can take on average 3 or a little more weeks to be delivered depending on how quickly Amazon fill 's up a crate in your region.An Amazon customer service rep offered to expedite my shipping to their 3-day option for an additional $ 5.00 when the order was already going to be shipping in 3 days , which was the absolute latest date they were allowed to hold my order under their free shipping policy , so why would I want to pay five more dollars ! I expected more from Amazon on this one , rather than insulting my intelligence .
 Bought Advantage for dogs over 55 lbs and I received an Advantage for smaller dogs . Does not do well for an 80 lb Boxer .
 I was searcing under K9 Advantix and somehow ended up here . No wonder the price was so low - this is Advantage - Advantix 's poor cousin . nOT happy but stuck 'cause the dog is overdue for flea treatment .
 I think this is either expired or a knockoff . It 's supposed to start killing fleas within hours , 2 weeks and my poor dog is still infested . I am trying to return the product , have not heard back from them yet . I only hope there was n't anything toxic in there if indeed it is a knockoff .
 Due to the severity of fleas in NW Florida , product did not work . Seemed to only stir them up a bit , not killing any of them ! In fact , after two applications a week apart , the fleas are worse than ever !! This product may work on fleas in other parts of the country , but down here in this humidity , fleas need something a lot stronger ... switching to Comfortis
 We have bought Advantage through Amazon many times , and it has always worked great . But this last batch has been completely ineffective . Might as well put water on my dogs . My dogs are small , little silky terriers , and one is horribly allergic to fleas , so we are having a terrible time . The fleas are very healthy !! We do n't know what to do other than try a different company , either from Amazon or elsewhere . Sorry , Amazon , but this batch of medicine was a complete dud !!!!!
 I am sorry ... this just is not working with my dog . The fleas are all over her . Wow , what a loss of money for a product that does not work well , at all ! And we bathed her first , and they are not even fazed , those fleas .
 I 've used Advantage before and had good luck with it but this batch did n't seem to work . I 've heard there are counterfeits of this product out there and I wonder if I may have gotten one .
 Since this was being sold very cheap I decided to give it a try ... and yeap ... my dogs stopped itching for a week and are back at it ... so it is safe to say it did n't work ...
 Last 2 tubes did not work on my dogs , thinking that it was age of product went to order new box and found that items price went up $ 14.00 from this seller , wow !! guess they do not want repeat customers , so I ordered from another seller off Amazon hopefully this seller will be better , if not will not buy from Amazon .
 We 've been using Advantage for cats on our kitty for four months , and decided to switch the dog over to Advantage too . After application , the dog shook , spraying little drops of it all over our living room . Any plastic the product hit -LRB- including the glossy black frame and base of our plasma TV -RRB- immediately developed PITS in the plastic , even though I grabbed a cloth to wipe it clean as soon as it happened . A Google search for `` Advantage flea '' and `` plastic '' shows that this has happened before and actually endangered an animal . Make sure you use caution when applying this product !! It 's a good flea preventative , but this side-effect is not documented or warned about on the package .
 This product is supposed to last about a month , but after a week and a half , our dogs were still infested with fleas . Before we applied the product , we had bathed our dogs , treated the yard and house . We were very disappointed with this product . We will never use it again .
 My first annoyance was the amount of time delivery took . I have ordered and used this product through another supplier , and it was fast and effective -- delivery & pest control ... I know it took about a week or more to get shipping info and the product . I also feel either this batch was not as good or it was ` bootleg ' because it was only 2-3 weeks at best of pest control .
 Show advantage 100 and ship plain advantage . Bate and switch . Plain advantage does not kill lice and is not water prove .
 save your money , it does not protect against ticks . 3 days after applying my dog got a tickon it and now has limes . buy something that protects against both fleas and ticks . the money is not worth it
 I still have not received my order . . It has been almost a month . . Is it still gona come or can I get a refund now ?
 This product took way to long to get here , by the time I received it the dog I bought it for was to old to use on , will not be buying from this place again
 Based on customers reviews and recommendations , i did purchase this product . However , i did not find advantage as effective as most others have . In fact , I did not find this product effective AT ALL . I would n't waste my money purchasing advantage . I treated three dogs -LRB- all under 10lbs like recommended -RRB- and also treated my entire house with carpet flea killer -LRB- just to make sure -RRB- . The fleas did die within the first 12 hours , which gave me hope for my pour dogs , then two days later , the fleas are back ! This treatment did NOT keep the fleas OFF . It only killed what was already on them . I would not recommend this product to anyone . This was a waste of $ 32 !
 I used advantage 55 after hearing really good things about it and how great it works . I bathed my dog 4 days prior to use and when I treated him I also bombed my house to be sure he would get releif from the fleas . After applying this product within the first hour I began to smell a funny stench , I dismissed it at first but it got worse . It was coming from my dog , and the smell got worse with each day . The fleas were still with him after almost a week , and the smell was horrible to the point of I could not have my dog in the areas of the house with the rest of us , so I had to begin washing him daily to remove the odors . Well the smell washed away after 3 weeks finally!I went and purchased a product called Flea Away instead and it worked Great ! I will never go back to topical treatments after this experience.Advantage did not do what it was supposed to and as much as it costs I expected so much more.Do not waste your money go and try Flea Away tablets it is much safer for you and your pets and can be used for dogs and cats and works !
 I have used this product for three months straight and the first couple of days it works , killing all of the fleas . However , after that it completely quits working . It does not continue to kill the fleas all month long as promised . A few days after the application I will begin to see fleas pop up again on my dog . I need something that kills the eggs and keeps working all month . I am going to try Frontline to see if I have better luck there .
 This medicine is good for protection against fleas , but it does n't have tic medicine . There are thousands of species of tics out there - it is not a good idea to leave your animal unprotected . There are many types of tics out there that will kill your family pet .
 We bought Advantage rather than Frontline or Advantix to save a couple bucks , and our 60lb hound stopped scratching for a bit , but she developed this really foul odor shortly after we applied it . Within 2 days the stink was so bad we had to bathe her . It 's been a couple weeks now and she 's scratching again and i can see flea dirt on her belly . Hopefully entirelypets.com has a good return policy . I think our Redbone will stick with Advantix instead ...
 After two applications I saw no improvement on my puppy . Then I found out online that it is ineffective if it 's applied within 48 hours before and after the bathing . Should n't this information be on the box if it 's so important ? I called the manufacturer and was `` serviced '' by very argumentative representative . I do n't think the product is worth the money at all . A friend of mine who used it also see no effect on her dog . You are better off buying from Hartz . At least their products are cheap and customer service is superb .
 All of you people that are reviewing , should state where you live , because in South Florida , advantage does NOT work AT ALL . It is very expensive and a total waste of money . False advertising.I put it on my dog and her flea volume decreased to about 25 % for about a week . Then she was loaded again . The box says it lasts for a month . Not true . I also have a Frontline spray . That is a laugh too . Does n't work at all . Now I 'm online trying to research this because this flea thing is a nightmare . My dog HATES baths and if she is loaded I have to bathe her every day . Plus I have to bath her for like a half hour just to drown the dang things . Flea collars and flea shampoos are useless and do n't work at all.So , I do n't know where you people live who have weak fleas , but here in the Florida Keys , apparently we have super fleas that are immumne to everything . Its a nightmare.And for the record , I followed the directions and used it properly . And no I did not bathe her after using the advantage ... until a week went by and the advantage had oviously worn off completely since she was loaded again . So that has nothing to do with it . It just does n't work.Note
 I was so excited for this product to arrive . We had bug out come flea bomb our house , washed all our bedding , vacuumed our carpets and furniture , bathed our dog -LRB- again -RRB- , applied this Advantage ... And my dog still itches all.day.long with live fleas . I waited 3 weeks and reapplied , We still have fleas . Guess we will have to try Frontlne or Comfortis next .
 I 've used advantage for over 3 months , religiously even , and the effectiveness of this product can easily be seen by the way my dog is itching herself right next to me . Whenever she itches , I immediately check her for fleas and , surprise , surprise , I usually find one or two hiding by her hind legs.This product does not work after after the first week . Last time I applied it on her , I made sure not to bathe her for a month , and STILL after a week the damn fleas came rushing back.At any rate , I 'm done with advantage . I 've heard good things about comfortis and hopefully that 'll work . It 'll put a giant dent in my pocket though , but better than paying for something that does n't last a week .
 Unfortunately this did n't help my Pekingese after day 2 . She stopped itching for a day and she does have less fleas , but by day 3 she 's back to itching constantly . I 've treated the house and that did n't help . I think I just need to go to the Vet and get something that works .
 Its not the big name brand and it does take a couple of days to work but it finally took care of the problems . So far so good . Not sure if I would order again or not based on the two days it took to be active .
 I 've used this product for years ... it now does n't seem to be as effective as it once was.Won ' t buy this again on Amazon due to very slow shipping !
 I think this is either expired or a knockoff . It 's supposed to start killing fleas within hours , 2 weeks and my poor dog is still infested . I am trying to return the product , have not heard back from them yet . I only hope there was n't anything toxic in there if indeed it is a knockoff .
 Due to the severity of fleas in NW Florida , product did not work . Seemed to only stir them up a bit , not killing any of them ! In fact , after two applications a week apart , the fleas are worse than ever !! This product may work on fleas in other parts of the country , but down here in this humidity , fleas need something a lot stronger ... switching to Comfortis
 I purchased this item and after 2 applications 4 weeks apart the fleas are still here . I saw no difference and would not buy this item again . I am using Frontline on my 55lb dog and intend to switch my smaller dogs to this product .
 I have two dogs , a Boston Terrier and a Boxer . Both are mainly inside dogs due the heat from living in Florida . I also have an indoor only cat . The flea problem this spring has been excepionally bad . I purchased Advantage for all three of my pets -LRB- Advantage for cats , for the cat of course -RRB- . It did absolutly nothing to combat the flea problem ! I treated the house , washed all bedding , bathed the animals and applied the Advantage . I could have rubbed the money I spent on the flea control on them and gotten the same results . They would be flea free for maybe one day and then my pets were full again . And the fleas did n't even act as if they were affected by it at all . The fleas were full of life jumping all around . I had applied a second dose , as the package suggedted , after 15 days and still nothing . I am very disappointed in my purchase of Advantage and will purchase Frontline instead .
 Did no receive the small dog one . I receive the large dog 21-55lbs instead . If they would make sure to send what I ordered since my dog is only13 lbs . I might have used it . Hassles .
 Since this was being sold very cheap I decided to give it a try ... and yeap ... my dogs stopped itching for a week and are back at it ... so it is safe to say it did n't work ...
 Last 2 tubes did not work on my dogs , thinking that it was age of product went to order new box and found that items price went up $ 14.00 from this seller , wow !! guess they do not want repeat customers , so I ordered from another seller off Amazon hopefully this seller will be better , if not will not buy from Amazon .
 We 've been using Advantage for cats on our kitty for four months , and decided to switch the dog over to Advantage too . After application , the dog shook , spraying little drops of it all over our living room . Any plastic the product hit -LRB- including the glossy black frame and base of our plasma TV -RRB- immediately developed PITS in the plastic , even though I grabbed a cloth to wipe it clean as soon as it happened . A Google search for `` Advantage flea '' and `` plastic '' shows that this has happened before and actually endangered an animal . Make sure you use caution when applying this product !! It 's a good flea preventative , but this side-effect is not documented or warned about on the package .
 This product is supposed to last about a month , but after a week and a half , our dogs were still infested with fleas . Before we applied the product , we had bathed our dogs , treated the yard and house . We were very disappointed with this product . We will never use it again .
 My first annoyance was the amount of time delivery took . I have ordered and used this product through another supplier , and it was fast and effective -- delivery & pest control ... I know it took about a week or more to get shipping info and the product . I also feel either this batch was not as good or it was ` bootleg ' because it was only 2-3 weeks at best of pest control .
 To be honest , im very disapointed in this product , it did get rid of a few fleas but we are still having to pick fleas off her every day , ive used this product in the past with very good results , an she is a inside dog , so I dont know if I got a bad batch or what happened but it didnt work very well for us an I got for 21-55 lb dog an she weights only 22 lbs , so she should have been covered very well , probably will just buy from the vet office from now on
 I have never had problems with fleas on my 7 lb yorkie . We switched over from Revolution to Advantage because of the great price and free shipping here on Amazon . Poor dog got fleas after starting Advantage and even putting the medicine on again after less than a month , the fleas are still alive and healthy ! Maybe this is a bad batch from Amazon but I 'm throwing the last 4 months away and going back to Revolution .
 I put this product on my 4 chihauhau 's and they experienced severe reactions . Two of them had severe itching , redness of their skin , and hair loss . I will never use any of these toxic flea repellents again . I will only use natural means of flea control . I implore you to read up on these products before applying them to your animals . It has taken almost 6 weeks for these symptoms to cease . The fleas themselves were not causing the problems that this product caused . I have researched and found a natural flea control from the cedarcidestore .
 they made me wait 3 weeks and I never got the item ?? so could I rate ? sence I never got it minus one star !
 I tried two tubes on my Maltese with little or not results . The dog still has fleas . We are switching to Comfortis pill to try and eliminate the problem .
 I 'll not buy Advantage again ; had I spent more for Advantix my dogs would n't have had the trouble they did . But Frontline works on both fleas and ticks and does n't cost much more than this did ... and it 's what I 've used in the past . My dogs both developed ear infections from having ticks crawl deep into their ears . The vet visit and medications , including two tick collars to pick up where the Advantage left off , was around $ 200 . But I did save $ 10 by buying Advantage rather than Frontline !!! -LRB- How entirely stupid of me ! -RRB-
 This is a good product , but do n't buy it from Amazon . I ordered this a month ago and Amazon sent me the wrong item twice and then said they will not try again .
 The Advantage works great on my dogs , however if I knew Amazon 's free shipping meant that we would have to wait 3 weeks to receive it , I would have ordered this product from another vendor . As explained by Amazon , they save with their shipping carrier by shipping bulk orders out on crates , which means your item being shipped `` Free '' via the Super Saver option can take on average 3 or a little more weeks to be delivered depending on how quickly Amazon fill 's up a crate in your region.An Amazon customer service rep offered to expedite my shipping to their 3-day option for an additional $ 5.00 when the order was already going to be shipping in 3 days , which was the absolute latest date they were allowed to hold my order under their free shipping policy , so why would I want to pay five more dollars ! I expected more from Amazon on this one , rather than insulting my intelligence .
 Bought Advantage for dogs over 55 lbs and I received an Advantage for smaller dogs . Does not do well for an 80 lb Boxer .
 I was searcing under K9 Advantix and somehow ended up here . No wonder the price was so low - this is Advantage - Advantix 's poor cousin . nOT happy but stuck 'cause the dog is overdue for flea treatment .
 I 've used Advantage before and had good luck with it but this batch did n't seem to work . I 've heard there are counterfeits of this product out there and I wonder if I may have gotten one .
 We have bought Advantage through Amazon many times , and it has always worked great . But this last batch has been completely ineffective . Might as well put water on my dogs . My dogs are small , little silky terriers , and one is horribly allergic to fleas , so we are having a terrible time . The fleas are very healthy !! We do n't know what to do other than try a different company , either from Amazon or elsewhere . Sorry , Amazon , but this batch of medicine was a complete dud !!!!!
 I am sorry ... this just is not working with my dog . The fleas are all over her . Wow , what a loss of money for a product that does not work well , at all ! And we bathed her first , and they are not even fazed , those fleas .
 Unfortunately this did n't help my Pekingese after day 2 . She stopped itching for a day and she does have less fleas , but by day 3 she 's back to itching constantly . I 've treated the house and that did n't help . I think I just need to go to the Vet and get something that works .
 Show advantage 100 and ship plain advantage . Bate and switch . Plain advantage does not kill lice and is not water prove .
 save your money , it does not protect against ticks . 3 days after applying my dog got a tickon it and now has limes . buy something that protects against both fleas and ticks . the money is not worth it
 Its not the big name brand and it does take a couple of days to work but it finally took care of the problems . So far so good . Not sure if I would order again or not based on the two days it took to be active .
 I 've used this product for years ... it now does n't seem to be as effective as it once was.Won ' t buy this again on Amazon due to very slow shipping !
 I still have not received my order . . It has been almost a month . . Is it still gona come or can I get a refund now ?
 I was so excited for this product to arrive . We had bug out come flea bomb our house , washed all our bedding , vacuumed our carpets and furniture , bathed our dog -LRB- again -RRB- , applied this Advantage ... And my dog still itches all.day.long with live fleas . I waited 3 weeks and reapplied , We still have fleas . Guess we will have to try Frontlne or Comfortis next .
 I 've used advantage for over 3 months , religiously even , and the effectiveness of this product can easily be seen by the way my dog is itching herself right next to me . Whenever she itches , I immediately check her for fleas and , surprise , surprise , I usually find one or two hiding by her hind legs.This product does not work after after the first week . Last time I applied it on her , I made sure not to bathe her for a month , and STILL after a week the damn fleas came rushing back.At any rate , I 'm done with advantage . I 've heard good things about comfortis and hopefully that 'll work . It 'll put a giant dent in my pocket though , but better than paying for something that does n't last a week .
 This product took way to long to get here , by the time I received it the dog I bought it for was to old to use on , will not be buying from this place again
 Based on customers reviews and recommendations , i did purchase this product . However , i did not find advantage as effective as most others have . In fact , I did not find this product effective AT ALL . I would n't waste my money purchasing advantage . I treated three dogs -LRB- all under 10lbs like recommended -RRB- and also treated my entire house with carpet flea killer -LRB- just to make sure -RRB- . The fleas did die within the first 12 hours , which gave me hope for my pour dogs , then two days later , the fleas are back ! This treatment did NOT keep the fleas OFF . It only killed what was already on them . I would not recommend this product to anyone . This was a waste of $ 32 !
 I used advantage 55 after hearing really good things about it and how great it works . I bathed my dog 4 days prior to use and when I treated him I also bombed my house to be sure he would get releif from the fleas . After applying this product within the first hour I began to smell a funny stench , I dismissed it at first but it got worse . It was coming from my dog , and the smell got worse with each day . The fleas were still with him after almost a week , and the smell was horrible to the point of I could not have my dog in the areas of the house with the rest of us , so I had to begin washing him daily to remove the odors . Well the smell washed away after 3 weeks finally!I went and purchased a product called Flea Away instead and it worked Great ! I will never go back to topical treatments after this experience.Advantage did not do what it was supposed to and as much as it costs I expected so much more.Do not waste your money go and try Flea Away tablets it is much safer for you and your pets and can be used for dogs and cats and works !
 I have used this product for three months straight and the first couple of days it works , killing all of the fleas . However , after that it completely quits working . It does not continue to kill the fleas all month long as promised . A few days after the application I will begin to see fleas pop up again on my dog . I need something that kills the eggs and keeps working all month . I am going to try Frontline to see if I have better luck there .
 This medicine is good for protection against fleas , but it does n't have tic medicine . There are thousands of species of tics out there - it is not a good idea to leave your animal unprotected . There are many types of tics out there that will kill your family pet .
 We bought Advantage rather than Frontline or Advantix to save a couple bucks , and our 60lb hound stopped scratching for a bit , but she developed this really foul odor shortly after we applied it . Within 2 days the stink was so bad we had to bathe her . It 's been a couple weeks now and she 's scratching again and i can see flea dirt on her belly . Hopefully entirelypets.com has a good return policy . I think our Redbone will stick with Advantix instead ...
 After two applications I saw no improvement on my puppy . Then I found out online that it is ineffective if it 's applied within 48 hours before and after the bathing . Should n't this information be on the box if it 's so important ? I called the manufacturer and was `` serviced '' by very argumentative representative . I do n't think the product is worth the money at all . A friend of mine who used it also see no effect on her dog . You are better off buying from Hartz . At least their products are cheap and customer service is superb .
 All of you people that are reviewing , should state where you live , because in South Florida , advantage does NOT work AT ALL . It is very expensive and a total waste of money . False advertising.I put it on my dog and her flea volume decreased to about 25 % for about a week . Then she was loaded again . The box says it lasts for a month . Not true . I also have a Frontline spray . That is a laugh too . Does n't work at all . Now I 'm online trying to research this because this flea thing is a nightmare . My dog HATES baths and if she is loaded I have to bathe her every day . Plus I have to bath her for like a half hour just to drown the dang things . Flea collars and flea shampoos are useless and do n't work at all.So , I do n't know where you people live who have weak fleas , but here in the Florida Keys , apparently we have super fleas that are immumne to everything . Its a nightmare.And for the record , I followed the directions and used it properly . And no I did not bathe her after using the advantage ... until a week went by and the advantage had oviously worn off completely since she was loaded again . So that has nothing to do with it . It just does n't work.Note
 I never received this item as it was recalled by the manufacturer . Obviously , I can not submit a positive review .
 Just go to the vet and get the good stuff . This is a waste of money , like most over the counter &#34; tape &#34; de-wormers . Went to the vet after this &#34; treatment &#34; and had instant complete results . These tabs did nothing .
 This stuff does NOT work . The worms will disappear for 2 days only . I repeated the tabs after 3 weeks per my vet 's instructions . Tapeworms have a 3 week lifecycle so you must give the meds 2x . Still the worms came back . My dogs were not being reinfested as they do not have fleas . They got the worms from eating a rodent . My vet said the over-the-counter stuff is not strong enough .
 I have a Labrador and wood floors and the soft claws do not improve the relationship . It has been a bit like tap shoes for a child at Christmas.The claw guards went on fine and have stayed on -LRB- I was rather hoping that they would fall off , I am going to find out today how to take them off -RRB- . The plastic of the claw guard is softer than keratin of claws and without sharp edges so if scratching was the primary issue it might be a help.However putting a cap on anything is going to make it longer and for these it is a minimum of 4 mm . Immediately Abby made more noise on the floor and I think she was also getting even less traction on the floor than before . The Soft Claws were just not soft enough to be helpful . She sounds like a walking snare drum.The best answer is going to be weekly nail sanding.Abby did get 2 complements on how good her nails looked including `` you 've had Abby 's claws done '' ie it look almost natural . -LRB- The ones I got were NOT purple . -RRB-
 we have an 80lb lab and wood flooring in the house , hence the need for these little nylon caps . Fairly easy to put on but if your dog spends any time outside they will only last a couple of weeks . We have a pool decking that just wore them down to where the original nail was exposed after a couple of weeks . Then after a couple more weeks he had lost 1/2 of them.Probably better suited for smaller dogs that spend all day inside .
 I have to write 20 words or I would have just said `` do n't waste your money '' . These things are truly useless , a purchase fueled by desperation , not commons sense . Do n't do it .
 My dogs are still have fleas . Maybe they need a stronger dose . It took way too long to ship also . It came in an envelope that was ten times the size of the item . It could have been put in a smaller envelope and sent the next day or the same day like some of the things I order .
 I used both this product and the Nitenpyram product together and the dogs and cats still are covered with fleas . So I 'm not sure what to do .
 This wo n't work if your dogs have access to an area outside untreated for fleas.Better money is spent in trying to find a product that kills fleas on the dogs.This product inhibits their reproductive system-doesnt kill fleas . Let me repeat does not kill fleas.Found this bit of information on the box upon arrival.With a no flea kill product the fleas actually increased on my dogs-Now 43.00 dollars later I 've sinceswitched to a topical product which kills fleas-all fleas on contact .
 In the past five months I 've spent approximately $ 900 trying to get rid of fleas . I 've purchased and used Advantage , PROGRAM , and Frontline for our cats and dog and they are still loaded with fleas . I also purchased and administered Capstar , while at the same time applying Frontline and giving Program , bombing our house , and treating our yard . This should have broken the life cylcle but it has not . The Capstar kills the adult fleas , but the Frontline , Program , and Advantage are having no effect on the fleas . We 've retreated the yard and house several times and even had an exterminator come out and spray , but still our cats and dog are loaded with fleas . Every other day I 'm covering them with flea spray and even then the fleas do n't die immediately . Even drowning them does n't seem to work as I 've seen them climbing out of the sink drain after I picked them off the cats and thought I 'd washed them away ! The products we are using in the yard and house have an growth regulator and this combined with the Program and topical flea product should not allow these things to continue to reproduce but the products are clearly not working . A complete waste of money !!
 I started giving Program tablets to my dog late summer / early fall last year . I had been using Capstar -LRB- which works miraculously but is too expensive to use daily as a stand alone -RRB- and read many reviews and articles stating how great Capstar and Program are when used together.My dog has allergies -LRB- nasal and sometimes skin -RRB- . Her hair started thinning out a little in the back and I just figured it had to do with her skin allergies . It very slowly kept getting worse . I have been trying over and over to figure out if there was something that could have been causing this , I realized it started after giving the Program tablets . I skpped the past month 's tablet and hopefully her hair will grow back in . Ca n't decide on a monthly to use on her , because Frontline Plus gives her hives on her belly . I will continue to use Capstar as needed -LRB- a couple times a week or whenever she plays with the neighbor 's dog or grass is long/wet and itching starts -RRB- . I 'm not saying it is a problem for all dogs , but it did cause the hair loss on my dog . This may not be a common side effect , but I ca n't recommend it to others because of this .
 It has been three weeks since I administered to a 27lb beagle . There are more fleas now than when administered . Back to Advantix .
 I read a lot of reviews and figured I 'd give this product a try . After a week treating all at the same time 4 cats and 2 dogs I still had live active flea 's on all the animals . I now have to go find another solution and spend more money which is just aggravating . I do not recommend this . Very unhappy . I have three cats who are allergic to flea bites and dogs who scratch constantly . This did not stop after treatment , I find new bite scabs on the cats and the dogs are still uncomfortable . I hate it when a product does not live up to expectations , and it 's advertising claims .
 We have no complaints with the vendor whatsoever , just the product . It worked for about two days , in repelling fleas , but the cats were scratching and suffering after that point . We switched to Advantage when safe enough to administer the next dosage , and all has been well since .
 Good things :1 . Even my finicky cat ate it right up with no extra coaxing required .2 . None of my cats died or even got sick from the product .3 . It was shipped quickly.Bad things :1 . It did n't work for more than a week .2 . Lots of packaging for little product .3 . Cats were extra itchy for the first day .
 I gave this to my three dogs 12 hours ago and still nothing . Seems a waste of $ 40.00 I have read all the reviews on this product and most seemed like this would work within an hour . Well still weighting . I must have dogs with supper fleas ?
 Despite the positive reviews and my success with Capstar , I am disappointed in this . It failed to deliver any reduction in fleas as far as I can tell.One note , I was warned not to buy these online during the summer as apparently the heat can damage the medication during shipping . Perhaps that was the source of the problem ? Regardless , it did not deliver .
 I have three cats and two of them hate the drops that prevent fleas , running and hiding when it 's applied or when they smell it . Then they try to lick it off themselves and each other . Program seemed like the solution , but they start scratching fleas again about two weeks after taking the pill . I also have tried the mix-with-food Program liquid , but the two drop-hating cats wo n't eat enough food at one time to consume all of it and wo n't finish the food later either , so it is n't effective.My veterinarian does n't carry Program pills and his assistant said it was because they had n't been effective . I order flea remedies on line anyway because they cost less than at the vet 's office , but even the drops seem less effective after a time . The vet 's assistant recommended alternating two brands of the drops on a monthly basis .
 I have a pointer that is highly allergic to fleas so it is imperative that I have a flea control product that works . I have been using the `` spot on stuff '' but it did n't seem to be effective enough . I bought the Program thinking it would be just what I needed to control my dog 's fleas . His fleas are actually worse now than they were before . This was a total waste of money for me .
 Product claims it will prevent flea larvae from hatching , but since applying a little over two weeks ago , still finding baby fleas and adults .
 I sent back the 5 doses left of the up to 10 lb . oral suspension from Cattyvet that advertised on Amazon . My cat was sick for 3 weeks , starting a few hours after giving her food with the oral suspension in it . I contacted Novartis who said this product can cause such a reaction if `` mishandled . '' I pressed to find out what that meant . He said if , for instance , it was frozen on a truck outside in winter . It becomes toxic if frozen ? They warn it must be kept at room temperature -LRB- above inside fridge temp -RRB- . Since , I do not see catty vet on the Amazon site . But I now use exclusively the tablets . I have to travel to a neighboring town 12 mi . to get it . There is also capstar from there but I just ordered the generic over Amazon ! The vets here do not carry either medicine here . I love both medicines because they are less toxic , I think , in the long run , than the spot-ons . I have some chemical sensitivity . So , far it has decreased fleas -LRB- not stopped them , but my cat is an indoor/outdoor , and the spot-ons are n't much better -LRB- she 's real fluffy -RRB- . I have noticed a marked decrease in allergies in myself , -LRB- It from fleas -RRB- . But again , check out the flavor tabs . I used the up-to-l0-lb . dose of the oral suspension on her that made her sick . It would be nice if they started flavor tabs in the generic . Its expensive . As my allergies are lessened , and it seems it is not toxic for `` my baby '' -LRB- cat -RRB- , there is some sense to giving it to her all year . This means I will have to keep checking the internet for more info . about its toxicity or lack-of .
 Program tabs only control flea eggs . Your pet will still have adult fleas on them . You COULD use the Capstar with the Program tabs to kill the adult fleas , but it only stays in their system for 24 hours before the fleas come back again . I would recommend finding a product that works for both flea eggs AND adult fleas , otherwise it is a waste of your time and money and you will still be dealing with fleas .
 Product claims it will prevent flea larvae from hatching , but since applying a little over two weeks ago , still finding baby fleas and adults .
 This product is an absolute waste of money . There was no decrease in the number of fleas on my dog and I also used Capstar with no effect !!
 These bones were old and smelly . I am appalled that the company would even mail them to someone . My dog would not eat them - he tried but they made him sick .
 I had been using this product without any complications . It is not too expensive especially if it works . I gave it to my dogs a week ago with no affect on the fleas . So I called the manufacturer and they told me that it works by killing the flea only when it bites the dog . It does not repel fleas . So in fact you need this product AND a repellent to keep fleas off your dog . So it seems to me that if I had a repellent I would n't need this . It is a total waste of money !
 I have heard great reviews about this over the past few years , so thought I 'd try it . My vet said it was no good , but I thought aww , since he does n't sell it . It 's not as pricey as other flea products so thought I 'd give it a try , since the part of the country I live in seems to be a flea resort.LOLI did try it and it seemed to work as a fertility drug with fleas.LOLThe package did say you had to use Capstar or another flea killer with it in order to get it under control , which I did , but it certainly did n't do any good , and I went back to my old product that does work , although more expensive.To me , if you have to use Capstar and 1/2 dozen other products to get Program to work , it 's not worth it , and certainly is n't going to save you any money , that 's for sure .
 I had high hopes for this pill but when I gave it to both of my yellow labs it did nothing to help them . They are both scratching like mad . I ended up buying more Frontline because that 's always worked . I wanted to try something in pill form because I do n't care for what the application does to their fur but at least I know it works .
 I bought it in hopes of relieving my indoor Golden 's flea problem with no effect . Yes , I took the necessary steps -LRB- treating inside the house , other pets , etc. -RRB- . Just did n't work for me .
 When I received Program , it was so old , it did n't have any potency and did n't work at all . I followed all instructions and treated adult fleas with spot treatments . My dog continued to have fleas . How do I know that the Program I received was old ? It had disintergrated to powder .
 I purchased this for my cats to try after a recent flea incident in the house . I tried to mix the suspension with their food -LRB- I tried dry food and wet treats -RRB- ... they sniffed it and walked away . I then followed the instructions and had to hold the cat and squirt the suspension into their mouth . It was messy , they hated it . . and I felt horrible trying to get them to take all of it . I 'm sticking with Frontline Plus ... much easier for my cats .
 The company Shipped it immediately . All 3 Cats ate the food I put it on without incident or detection . Unfortunately the product did n't seem to work . All three cats still had active fleas . I bought it because I have one cat who us still very feral and difficult to get close to . I ca n't speak to if it would work with repeated doses or not . I waited the month brushing with flea combs , and managed to get frontline on the cat and others and fleas were down to a minimal within a day . I would n't buy this product again . Perhaps there is a way to use it more effectively and if you have a cat you ca n't get close to , anything is better than nothing and you should try , but if it does n't work , nothing costs much less than anything .
 I am always a bit wary of these types of medications ... something strong enough to stay in your pet 's body for a whole month while wreaking havoc on insects they encounter . But at the suggestion of my vet , I put my older cat on Program . Shortly after his second month 's dose , I noticed he was drinking a LOT of water all of a sudden . Took him in to the vet & he is in early renal failure . Ca n't say for certain that these chemicals are the culprit , but I ca n't imagine they were good for his kidneys . I threw these expensive chemicals out & will be relying on natural stuff like food grade Diatomaceous Earth for flea issues in the future .
 We used this with all of our pets with Capstar . It seemed to make no difference what so ever . Maybe the fleas here are just resistant to it . We 're going back to Comfortis .
 My dog have been using this product for 1 month . She is now getting fleas badly . Her skin was irritated and itched terribily . I had to take her to the doctor for different kind of medicine . I wasted the money . And it is not cheap . Very disappointed . Never buy this again .
 After the company ships for the second time without getting it right I 'm still waiting for my refund . They sent tablets for dogs instead of suspension for cats . TWICE ! And when I talked to a representative the second time , he tried to tell me that the tabs for dogs was suspension -LRB- liquid -RRB- . I would be careful if you decide to order from this company .
 This is a liquid that you are suppose to put on the cats food and you have to make sure they eat it all -- a cat -- chances are slim . It also only kills flea eggs not adult fleas , do n't waste your time use Advantage it works great ! The discription from this seller was n't truthful , I sent it back !
 I do n't know what is going on with the fleas this year . They seem to be impervious to prevention medication . I tried Revolution , which worked for one month , and then stopped working . Advantage did nothing and Program is the same . My cat 's ears look polka dotted with some bleeding sores unless I keep him inside . At least I do n't have fleas in the house .
 The Program tabs did n't really work for my dog . I used them along with Hartz product for between the shoulders . The dog was still infested with fleas until I used a better flea ointment -LRB- advantage -RRB- .
 product did n't work well on my dog . I used it with capstar to get rid of the adult fleas fast . It did cut down on the amount she had , but she still had too many fleas to be around my kids .
 I used this for 2 small dogs and they both had fleas again within a week of using the product .
 The two bars that you can adjust to go up or down slip with little or no effort . Also , they do have an adjustment that keeps them from going in -LRB- making the bars shorter in width -RRB- , but nothing to stop them from going out -LRB- wider -RRB- and tapping against the side back windows . My 3 year old female lab , who is not even 75 lbs , bent the cross bars the very first time we used it by trying to poke her head through the left side of the barrier . So if you have a dog that will sit in the back and not try to get through , this is the barrier for you .
 Vertical bars encroached on our dogs room in the back . Made our dog nervous and he chewed and bent the metal bars down to climb out of the back . Now he tries to climb out of the back more often then before . Great !
 I purchased two of these bulbs . One burned out within a few days and the second after 1.5 weeks . They are definitely not worth the high price . The base is a standard GU10 twist/lock and there are various other manufacturers that produce these bulbs with a better life-span . If you do n't need the halogen for basking purposes , LED versions are also available for roughly the same price .
 This bulb does what it is supposed to , but its life span is just terrible . Two weeks in and it already blew . I switched to GU-10 Halogen bulbs from a hardware store . Same bulb , but cheaper and better made .
 I purchased two of these bulbs along with the hood on Dec 13th . They arrived Dec 15th . -LRB- the hood I purchased uses two of these bulbs along with two uvb light bulbs -RRB- We ran them for 8-12 hours per day . After only 8 days of use both of these Sun-Glo bulbs burned out . These bulbs are a total waste of money . Unfortunately after paying over $ 100 for the hood in addition to the four needed bulbs and these are the only ones that will work in it so I am stuck . After this experience I will never buy Exo Terra products again . This is the hood that I purchased
 This squirrel dog toy looks exactly like the AKC squirrel dog toy I had purchased from Camping World . It lasted about one year with two Italian Greyhounds playing tug of war with it everyday . However , this one purchased from Jakks Pacific through Amazon lasted only one week before the tail came off and the stuffing was all over the house . The description online stated that it is an AKC squirrel dog toy but is actually an American Classic squirrel dog toy which can be purchased at Publix for $ 3.59 . I paid $ 12.00 for this one . Totally disappointed .
 I bought this for my goldendoodle , he has other `` durable '' toys by Sherpa , etc. . which i bought him XMAS 2010 . We still have those toys , and the squeakers in them still work . . This toy was played with , only 5 min , and the squeaker stopped working . . I figure its defective , and email the vendor.The vendor tells me : `` Hello Jason , These toys are tough but if a dogs tooth pierces the squeaker it will stop working . If the toy shows absolutely no wear we can replace the item . If it looks like the dog was playing with it then we can not take it back because of a squeaker.Gary `` So I respond that : Seriously ? I have toys that are 1 + yr old and the squeakers still work . . yours only made it 5 minutes . . which shows either poor quality , ordefective ... if you say this is normal for a toy labeled as '' - Designed for safe , durable , pet play - Super Premium Quality `` Then I say FALSE ADVERTISING , and will review , saying as much . . Good Day . . And he responds : `` What I said was if you dog keys on the plastic squeaker then they will not last . The toy is fine.Gary `` So in my opinion , this is a poor quality toy , and poor customer service ... I will be contacting Amazon for a refund , and to complain about the lack of customer service from this vendor . .
 This was one of the first toys I ordered for my Westie , Brinkley , when I got him as a puppy . I had no worries about it , because of all the great reviews ... I was quickly proven wrong . First , the toy itself shed CONSTANTLY , and EVERYWHERE . Shedding is a big deal to me , hence -LRB- a small part -RRB- of why I chose a very low-shedding Westie . Worse , was that as he played , and chewed on it , the its fur -LRB- especially the giant tail -RRB- would come off in clumps , so I had to literally hover over him to pick up clumps of fur -LRB- from the squirrel -RRB- that would fall , and pry out clumps that he 'd get in his mouth and attempt to eat . It was heartbreaking taking this toy away , as he really did love it - and it did teach me a valuabe lesson - remove any large hair-like tails off toys before giving them to `` B '' in the future . Because no matter what , chewing on a tail/toy like that is going to cause problems , especially when they start to be `` mistaken '' as rope-like toys ... then the problems get exponentially worse . It 's a good product , and from what I could tell , it would 've held up well , I just ca n't believe they 'd use such cheap `` fur '' on a dog toy - you can just shake it and see the hairs fall off ...
 I bought one of the AKC squirrels before and my dog loved it , it took him weeks to destroy it . I recently bought this one and he had it ripped open in 10 minutes ! I checked it out and its not the same quality as previous , the quality is why I was a repeat customer now its the reason I WONT buy AKC products again
 This is another one of the AKC toys that I bought for my dog -LRB- does this stand for THE American Kennel Club and do they recommend these toys ??? -RRB- If they do , they should not . All but one of these brand of toys quit -LRB- the noise makers -RRB- within a few minutes after giving to my dogs . My dogs love the squeakers and do not want them after they quit working . The only one that held up in this brand was the raccoon . We have several toys of a different brand that have worked well for years - even after washing them - the squeakers still work!Bob
 This is one of two animals we bought for our dog . The squeaker broke in just a few hours on this one . Very disappointing .
 This toy is quite small and is not very well-constructed . My dog destroyed the squeaker and removed the legs and ears immediately . I would recommend the Coleman brand of dog toys , they are tough and much better value for the money.This fox toy is cute , but lasted less than 4 hours with my Brittany . I do not recommend this toy .
 I Paid extra because of AKC Label . The dog has had squirrels before and they have lasted two or more years . This one is split open in one week . Dont buy THIS squirrel !
 I got this for my Border Collie pup , who up to this point has ripped and gutted every plush toy we 've tried but one . I read reviews of some of the other AKC toys , but decided to try the Hedgehog since it reminded me of a small hedgehog that was one of his first and favorite toys . Unfortunately , the BC started tearing the fur out immediately , and after the first day the hedgehog was nearly bald . On day 2 , the BC found a seam on the mostly denuded hedgehog , ripped it open , gutted it , and took the squeaker as a victory token , leaving me with a mess to clean up . I knew it would be hard to find a plush toy that would hold up to the abuse of a ripper-type pup ; this one failed the test . Oh , well .
 My 2 year old beagle mix destroyed this toy within about an hour . It 's easy to throw , but you 'd be better off buying a cheap frisbee that is n't such an expensive sacrifice : -RRB-
 My dog is in love with this toy , so much so I have bought three . Unfortunately , she ca n't have them any more , she can destroy it in a matter of minutes now . All she has to do is see it and she goes nuts , but she rips the little feet off and then guts it . Great toy for a dog that is n't determined on making the kill : -LRB-
 My dog loves the squirrel but the squeaker broke in probably 10 minutes of play . She still likes to bite and carry it around , so I still gave it 2 stars .
 After all the reviews about how durable and tugging-friendly this toy was , I was very excited to get it for my 2 pups . Within 30 minutes , most of the squirrel had been torn off the ring , and the squeaker in the tail had been pulverized by my 30 lb Jindo -LRB- with minimal help from our GSD -RRB- . Within a few days , the rope ring had been completely unbraided and lies lifeless on the floor now . It provided plenty of entertainment for the dogs for about an hour , and now it 's done .
 literally did not last within the few hours i gave it to my 4 month old puppy . I have had the AKC fox in the past and that lasted about 2 months , however this goose was cooked from the beginning!I would love to find how to write a review to the company itself .
 I wish the description had specified the size of this toy -- for $ 7.99 , I got a toy that measures approximately 5 inches -- far too small for my 45-pound dog to play with . If you are used to buying the larger , more standard sized AKC Outdoor Series dog toys , please note that this specific item is the small size . I 've never returned anything to Amazon before , but I might return this item .
 The squirrel lasted less than 48 hours . Generally the least expensive stuffed toys from pet stores last 3 to 4 months before the fabric rips . My dog likes to `` kill '' the toy , have someone throw it , retrieve it , play tug-of-war and start the process again . In a matter of minutes the fur was coming off . After the third or forth `` kill , '' stuffing was flying all over the living room . Never have I bought a toy that fell apart as quickly as did this squirrel . I will sew the rips and see if we can get another few hours of play as my dog really liked the toy .
 My -LSB- now 12 week old -RSB- miniature schnauzer loves this toy , but it did not last . Within one week , the -LSB- then 7 week old -RSB- puppy had ripped open the seam along the back of the toy , so we took the squeaker out so she would n't choke on it . She was n't big enough to squeak it herself anyway . I 've let her play with it a few more weeks , and she loves to chase and attack it , but I have to take it away now because there 's too much stuffing coming out the top and back of the toy , where the seams ripped . There was never any rough play or tug-of-war with it . This is just clearly not a well made dog toy . It seems more like a child 's stuffed animal that they just slapped an AKC endorsement on . I expected better quality .
 We gave this to Lola , our 1 and a half year old active Boston Terrier . She loved it immediately . She chases squirrels in the yard , so we thought this would be a good substitute . It does look like a squirrel , have a nice crinkly tail and a nice squeaker.But , within 15 minutes , she had surgically removed the crinkler from the tail . Another 5 minutes , and she removed the squeaker . She managed to do both without removing any stuffing -LRB- she 's talented -RRB- , but that was next.The weak point of this toy is that the big , bushy tail is stitched all the way from the squirrel 's rearend to halfway up his back . So , a dog that 's apt with his or her forepaws can easily hold it down and rend with her teeth -LRB- which is exactly what our dog did -RRB- . Lola loves stuffed toys , but they do n't last long . I would pay good money to get her a toy she could love on that would last more than two months .
 I purchased this chipmunk for my 7 month old Beagle puppy . She 's about 15 pounds - not very big at all . She destroyed the toy within 2 days . My puppy opened a seam on the chipmunk , pulled out all the stuffing and turned the toy inside out . I was very disappointed with the product !!!
 Purchased this toy for our small 6 pound Yorkie . Within 15 minutes of play , the stuffing was coming out of the beak and the seam had completely opened on the underside . Very poor quality for a dog 's toy .
 My JRT mix pretty much rips up every toy we give him . I found this hedgehog toy on Amazon and because of its great reviews , I decided to give it a try . I did a little experiment and bought this hedgehog -LRB- $ 7 -RRB- and a cheap hedgehog from Walmart -LRB- $ 2.77 -RRB- . And here are the results ... I placed both hedgehogs in front of my dog and he decided to go for the AKC hedgehog -LRB- that 's the only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- . 1 minute of chewing ... 2 minutes ... first arm is ripped off the hedgehog ... 3 minutes ... second arm is gone from hedgehog ... 4 , 5 , 6 minutes ... he started pulling the stuffing out . Wow ... in less than 10 minutes he has the stuffing out . The other reviewers said the hedgehog is durable . Their dogs must not chew like mine then ! -LRB- or maybe they work for AKC ! -RRB- So then I took the AKC hedgehog away and gave him the Walmart hedgehog . He ripped an ear after 2 minutes but did not detach any hedgehog parts . But then suddenly he did n't want the cheap Walmart hedgehog anymore . He then sat and eyed the AKC hedgehog that was sitting on top of the counter and could n't reach . The poor Walmart hedgehog has been sitting abandoned for days , only getting an occasional bite or two . It is still in one piece though!Which is a better buy ? You decide!As for me , I have a dog who likes expensive toys and a wife who likes expensive handbags ... sigh ... = -LRB-
 My dog went straight for the squeaker but in the process tore the stuffing out of the goose 's belly . It was over in a couple of minutes . And my dog is n't terribly ferocious -LRB- he 's a 50-lb dalmatian/terrier mix -RRB- . We 've had much better luck withDoggy Hoots Crackler Woodland Raccoon , a stuffed toy that he loves and that has survived 5 years even with tug-of-warring .
 My 1 yr old Husky/Lab mix had this toy for about 1 1 \ 2 days before it started to fall apart . First , she took of each ear individually then worked her way through the threading from there it seems . After the second day the squirrel was in shreds . I would n't recommend this if your dog is any kind of chewer or has anything resembling teeth .
 This is such a beautiful toy that I hesitated to give it to my dog.After I gave it to her , the squeaker only lasted for about15 minutes . Needless to say , this brand of toy is not built very tough.I have bought several toys in this brand . All of the squeakers go out very fast . If you are buying a toy because your dog loves to squeak them , I would not recommend buying these for your dog . My dog did not want to play with these toys after the squeaker quit working . We havesome toys that are a few years old and the squeakers are still working.Bob
 My hound dog loves to play with stuffed animals . I was hoping for this to be a little bit well made since it is intended for dogs , but he had torn apart the seems with his ginger chewing in a matter of minutes .
 The fibers in the tail are easily removed , my 1 year old Yorkie almost shock to death when she eat that fibers . I would not recommend these toy to anyone .
 My 10 pound Bichon ate thru this goose in a day . It was pretty while it lasted .
 First , his little nose went , then his paws . Now his head is hanging off . My keeshond puppy insists she did not do this , but no one else in the family tends to attack squirrels , so I doubt her story . Rest in pieces , little squirrel-you had a full life in your three days at our house .
 This is not a dog toy , this should be sold as a stuffed animal to put on a shelf . In less than 30 seconds my dogs had all the stuffing out of this toy and the tail was ripped from the body . I do n't know what they sewed the seams with but it needed to be reinforced . Very disappointed !
 This is another one of the AKC toys that I bought for my dog -LRB- does this stand for THE American Kennel Club and do they recommend these toys ??? -RRB- If they do , they should not . All but one of these brand of toys quit -LRB- the noise makers -RRB- within a few minutes after giving to my dogs . My dogs love the squeakers and do not want them after they quit working . The only one that held up in this brand was the raccoon . We have several toys of a different brand that have worked well for years - even after washing them - the squeakers still work!Bob
 In terms of appeal , both of my dogs really like this toy . They seem to love the idea of finally bagging a squirrel which have always elusively teased both of them for years in the park . And they might love the idea a little too much -- they disemboweled the squirrel within about 24 hours.There are squeakers in the tail and in the body of the squirrel . The tail is made of an odd material that is almost like fluffy horse hair , which , if you have a dog that chews on toys at all , you will find all over your carpet , couch , and bed for the first few days after this arrives . Both squeakers were out of the squirrels body within about 48 hours . My dogs continued to chew on the squeakers separately from the remainder of the toy , only from what I can assume is the desire to destroy what they think is the squirrel 's soul after tearing up its body.Overall , since they still play with the emptied-out body that is missing half its tail , it will still have some use beyond the first few days it came , so it warrants 2 stars .
 One would like to think that if the AKC would allow their name and `` brand '' to be associated with a product , they would make sure the product would hold up . My dog had the squeaker out of this toy in 20 minutes , the stuffing followed that .
 Our Greyhound Andy has a big hedgehog like this one . It is his favorite toy . Another dog got a hold of it and now its squeaker does n't work any more . We bought this one , not realizing that it was smaller . He prefers to play with the big one , although he misses the squeaker . This one is too small for him . The quality of the toy is excellent , it is just too small for our Greyhound .
 Really cute animal , but surely there is a way to keep these toys together ! My dog -LRB- 25 # -RRB- tore into it almost the first day in order to get to the squeaker . I was really hoping to find a toy or brand that was more sturdy , but this is n't it for our dog .
 The stitching came out along the belly after about 2 days of light to moderate play . Replaced it w/the Hedgehog which is still going strong after 4 months .
 First , I really loveFresh Step Crystals Cat Litter , 8-Pound Bagfor containing odors , but as it 's expensive I usually mix it with a clumping litter . Unfortunately , I simply can not recommend this one . The bulk size is very economical , but there is so much dust and artificial fragrance that I practically choke on it -LRB- can even taste it ! disgusting ! -RRB- whenever I change the litter or my cat uses the box -LRB- even when I 'm two rooms away -RRB- . It 's as if Fresh Step emptied a canister of powdered carpet deodorizer into the litter . With the crystals I do n't need a deodorizer , so I am definitely switching to an unscented clumping litter the next time I buy .
 I 'd give this stuff 5 stars for pure functionality . My cat pees and this litter clumps solid as concrete and makes it easy to remove the offending mass . My cat poops and the turds are immediately dehydrated into petrified brown twigs that do n't stink up my place . The problem with the litter is 2 fold
 Ok so at first I was impressed by this litter - it clumps really well , and within 2 minutes of our cat doing his business there is no poo smell at all , and I 've never smelled -LSB- ... -RSB- once even right after he uses the box . If that is the bottom line for you , great , but I have HUGE issues with this litter.About 2 months into using this litter I started working out of our spare room , which unfortunately is the only place we can keep the litter box . Normally it is a guest room and it is where my husband keeps his clothes and watches TV sometimes . I am HORRIFIED that he has been using that room this whole time , and that we had a guest stay in it once . If you 're just passing through the room you would n't notice anything but once I started spending time in there - the litter leaves the most revolting , thick grimy layer of intensely perfumed dust you could imagine . Daintily touch your fingertip to any surface and the smell is overpowering . I thought this was just because the room had been so neglected , so I scrubbed every surface -LRB- THICK white-blue dust -RRB- with lots of wet cloths and other things . I could never get it all , it settled into our carpet and electronics I 'm sure , I was and still am vacuuming daily by the way . I got all the surfaces taken care of , gave them lots of sniff and wipe tests , and resolved to keep up with the dusting daily . By the way , the dust ca n't be vacuumed off surfaces - its grimy , you have to wipe wet.God help us . I can get a table perfectly 100 % clean and the very next morning it is covered again . And when I wipe down with a wet cloth it re-activates the scent and it hits you in the face ten-fold . Not to mention the fact that my throat is itchy and scratchy from working around this crap now . The problem got slightly better when we had a plastic flap on the litter box , but our cat hates it and destroyed it so not even that can help us now ; before it was giving us a whole 24 hours before the dust would attack again , as opposed to 8 hours now . IMPORTANT
 I must say , it is one of the dustiest cat litters I 've tried . Does it do as it claimes ? Yes , however , it also sent me to the hospital with a terrible migrane/sinus/pressure headache . After an injection and pills , I found myself STILL waking up every morning in terrible pain . This went on for another week until I realized , the ONLY thing different was that I switched to Fresh Step cat litter . We have 3 cats , 3 litter boxes , so the dust was EVERYWHERE . Trying to clean them , after one scoop , you 'd have to wait until the dust cleared so you could see in the box.After realizing this could be causing my sinus issue , I switched back to my old brand , cleaned the boxes , vacuumed the house and dusted ... the very next day , my head went from an 8 pain in the morning , down to a 2 . And after a few more days , I 'm back at 0 . I could hardly believe that switching a cat litter could have SUCH an impact on my sinuses . I can only imagine what my cats were feeling when they were in there covering their business . < cough cough > Works fine , if , < cough cough > you can handle the dust .
 I was a believer in Fresh Step and have been using it for years . I 'm even a member of the Paw Points program so they have a record of how much I used the litter . Smells good , clumps well . But something has changed in the formulation because there is a massive amount of dust - not just when you pour it in the box , but when it is used by the cats . Dust settles all over the furniture , the floors , the shelving . I had to wonder how much was getting into my lungs and my cat 's lungs . So this summer I placed the boxes on an all-season enclosed porch and began using a room cleaner with a Hepa filter to cut down on the dust and another fan to exhaust the air outside . That helped . But I was n't going to be able to exhaust the air outside in the winter . I switched to Feline Pine which is better . The local store also sells a pine/cedar/corn blend which is soft and used by the cats with some success . -LRB- do n't use the corn only blends - it does nothing to hide the smell even if it 's Arm & Hammer brand -RRB- . Wish Fresh Step would look at changing their formulation . I noticed on their website in the FAQ section that the company is acknowledging the dust as a problem and is blaming distributors for rough handling that may be breaking down the materials - but honestly - I think it had to be caused by a cost savings decision at the plant and cheaper materials . Has to be . Because we 've purchased the litter from both grocery stores and in bulk at Costco and only in the past year or so has the dust begun floating up in great plumes in a way that it did n't years ago . Would like to go back to using it , but just ca n't risk my family 's health anymore .
 The clumping works well , but the fine dust everyplace is incredible . It smears when you try to clean it up and it gets everyplace . It 's made a mess of my downstairs and one just ca n't clean enough to get rid of it ... I ca n't recommend this product and that is why I gave it a one star , the horrific dust . And when you clean up the dust you get the cat litter smell on your hands and all of the items you 're trying to remove the dust from . Also , it gets into your respiratory system as you clean and in my case my allergies start up .
 The only advantage to this product is that it is lightweight and easy to carry home from the grocery store . I have been using the traditional Fresh Step Scoopable for years , and have found it superior to all other products for keeping down odor . I was hoping the Natural product would provide the same functionality without the heavy weight and without the environmental impact . Unfortunately , this is not the case .
 And it 's not a good one . This cat litter is scented , a horribly strong soapy scent that takes over the entire room when I add more to the box . And if my cats have just visited the bathroom and come anywhere near me , I get a whiff too.Besides that , it really does n't work as well as the previous brand I was using to eliminate the smell of cat waste so the soapy smell mixes with that and it 's entirely unpleasant.Although the clumping capabilities are decent , they 're not amazing . If this were my only complaint , I would probably still use Fresh Step Scoopable.While affordably priced and widely available , Fresh Step Scoopable is n't the best cat litter product I 've used .
 And it 's not a good one . This cat litter is scented , a horribly strong soapy scent that takes over the entire room when I add more to the box . And if my cats have just visited the bathroom and come anywhere near me , I get a whiff too.Besides that , it really does n't work as well as the previous brand I was using to eliminate the smell of cat waste so the soapy smell mixes with that and it 's entirely unpleasant.Although the clumping capabilities are decent , they 're not amazing . If this were my only complaint , I would probably still use Fresh Step Scoopable.While affordably priced and widely available , Fresh Step Scoopable is n't the best cat litter product I 've used .
 I needed a double door crate and after looking around I decided on this one because it was the cheapest one I found in this size . I have 3 other crates in this style from different brands and this is by far the worst . The assembly was horrible ! Though `` no assembly required '' is somewhat true it has to be `` unfolded '' . The crate was n't truly square so I had to wrestle with this to get it together . Having other crates of this style , I am familiar with the assembly and I know it should not have been that hard . As another review stated , the doors were not secure at all . I jiggled the doors a bit and the door came totally unlatched . An un-crate trained dog would get the doors open with their wiggling . My dogs who love their crates would have it open as soon as they moved around `` fluffing '' their blankets . After wrestling with it to set it up and seeing how bad it was , I wrestled it back down and packaged it to be returned within an hour of receiving it .
 This cage is not puppy-proof ! The latches are too loose and the dog can jiggle them open by pawing at the two doors . We got our first cage and noticed that our puppy was out when we returned home from work the first two days in a row that we used it . I decided to put the puppy in and set the video camera . She was able to get out in 31/2 minutes the first time just by pawing at the cage door . Put her back in and a second time got out in under 3 minutes . I was able to exchange the cage without problem with amazon -LRB- great customer service !!! -RRB- However she was able to get out of the second cage also . The latches are too loose and jiggle open when the dog paws at the cage .
 The unit works as described but the vibration is so weak my dog does n't even notice it . The sonic sound ca n't be heard with the cover on the unit .
 I used the maximum dose of Composure allowed for my dog , per the instructions . Not only did the product have no effect on his anxiety , he broke out of his crate that day for the first time . Perhaps it helps some pets but not mine .
 Have n't found that it calmed my Maine Coon at shows at all . Tried it severl time and was disappointed each occasion .
 Really smells terrible . Bleh.Plus the cap was broken when I took delivery of it , and it was messy , to boot.I like the anxiety drops that come in the small eye dropper better .
 I used the product after my vet recommended it . My collie has problem with a nervous stomach . I tried it and it did n't seem to make a difference .
 I have a hyperactive Belgian Malinois . I was wanting something that would calm her for visitors to our home , and going out into public , as she tends to be very high strung and easily excited . I have tried using this product at different dosages and times to the stessors , but it does not seem to make a difference in her attention deficit and hyperactivity , or reactivity . Maybe it will work for some other breed , or for cats .
 I had realistic hopes for this based on the mixed reviews . For us it did n't seem to make a diffidence at all . Our Yorky suffers from separation anxiety and we had hoped this might calm him down some but we did n't see a spec of difference . Amazon took it back with no problems .
 We have an Australian Shepherd/Border Collie mix that is afraid of any loud noise ; he shakes uncontrollably during thunderstorms or fireworks . We have tried everything and were hopeful of this product since the reviews were so good , but after giving daily doses for over two months , there has been no change .
 This product did not work . I have a Jack Russell puppy and wanted to try and calm her down a bit while we were training with her fence . After reading the mixed reviews on this product , I decided I would try it anyway . I used if faithfully for a week and followed the directions perfectly . I did not notice a difference . I 'm glad I tried it so I know for sure that it does n't work , but I would not recommend spending the money to anyone else .
 These bowls have Harley Davidson decals on them . I could have bought my own silver bowls and just put a HD decal on them . Why did I not think of doing that ? Also , the price sticker on the bottom of the bowls were VERY difficult to remove . They must have been sitting in the warehouse for years . . I will not order from this company again for fear that everything is probably expired or about to be expired . .
 I love the look of these bowls , but they 're too small . They 're the largest bowls I can find that say `` Harley Davidson '' on them but they do n't hold enough food or water for a 50 lb . -LRB- average -RRB- dog .
 I am disgusted with this litter . After disliking other natural litters I decided to try one more . I 'm assuming I bought Unscented -LRB- not sure , but it was the only variety at my small-town store -RRB- . I agree with another reviewer . The pellets dissolve when peed on and since it 's unscented , smell like pee . And , of course , the poo does n't get covered by pellets -LRB- for whatever reason my cat wo n't dig in pellets to bury it ... -RRB- so my bathroom ends up smelling like cat piss and poo . Actually , no , it ends up smelling like that but ENHANCED . And this is using a litter box with a front flap and air filter on the lid . Not even air freshener around the area helps . After a few days the box smells so bad I have to throw what SHOULD be a week 's worth of pellets away.I was so fed up that I decided to go back to clay clump litter permanently . I also mixed clay litter in with the last of the pellets , even though I should have just thrown them out.Worthless .
 The idea of using recycled newspaper for cat litter is awesome . A great re-use for a used product in ample supply.Unfortunately , as cat litter it falls way short , in my opinion.I 've had cats most of my life , usually 2 in the house at the same time since 1988 . I 've tried both clumping and non-clumping litter for over a decade each . I saw this `` Yesterday 's News '' product for the first time about 6 months ago , thought it was a great concept and thought I 'd give it a try.The litter is very absorbent , as it claims to be , and also not dusty like clumping litters . But aside from that , it has downsides : -- Difficult to find and remove soiled litter . It absorbs but does n't clump . So getting rid of the urine-soaked pieces versus the non-soiled pieces is a challenge . Ideally you 'd like to completely remove the bottom 1/4 inch of litter pieces in the box , but of course that 's very difficult . Finding feces pieces is also a bit tough since the litter is similarly-colored . -- Very stinky to change . While I did my best to remove used pieces as the box was being used , a lot of them remained and when it came to time change the entire box it was just about the smelliest and most urine-y litter box cleanup job I 've ever had to deal with . -- Congealed bottom pieces also a challenge . Since it 's difficult to remove the used pieces , they would tend to congeal at the bottom of the pan . And for me , trying to scoop that congealed layer would cause the scoop to slip sending litter flying out of the box and all over the floor . Now , I admit there might be better ways to change the whole box , but this was a real bummer for me.So maybe I did n't follow the directions closely enough or maybe I do n't * get * it , but no cat litter should be this difficult and unpleasant to use . Therefore I do n't recommend this cat litter . It might be good for specific implementations like for folks who truly have bad health problems with other litters ' dust or if you have sick cats , but for routine use it does n't cut the mustard . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 only because using recycled newspaper is a good concept and it does indeed absorb well . I 'll be going back to clumping litters which are easiest and best to use IMHO .
 We have been using ` Feline Pine ' for 7 + years . While purchasing more litter I decided to try ` Yesterdays News ' . After our 1 cat uses the box the ammonia smell is overpowering and makes our eyes tear . Solid does n't appear to cause as much of a smell . The litter box is scooped out several times a week and disinfected every couple months . ` Yesterdays News ' is recycled newspapers and I wanted to help the environment . ` Feline Pine ' is 100 % pure pine and the difference between these two is dramatic . We have never had any litter box odor with ` Feline Pine ' and it 's easy to clean . The only con is our cat tracks a small amount of the pellets . I can not recommend ` Yesterdays News ' litter and would n't give it any stars if that was an option . I realize this is not a review for ` Feline Pine ' yet I must say it is the only litter we will ever use and highly recommend .
 Worst litter I have ever used . Really hard to clean . Its hard to separate used and puffed up pellets from unused one . They mix together and you end up leaving some in the box or throwing out a lot of unused ones . Also , odor control is horrible.Also , forget using a normal litter scooper , it will not work . You need to use a big spoon or something.Stay away .
 Yesterday News Cat Litter is the worst product ever conceived . After paying an exorbitant amount of money -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to feel eco-friendly at the local Petsmart , I was thoroughly disappointed . This stuff is junk : - When a cat pees on it , it turns to mush and there 's no way to get it out of the box . Which mean it stinks and you have to replace all the litter more often . That makes the product even MORE expensive.-Trying to hunt down feces in it is no easy task . The litter camouflages the feces because it 's the same color.-Once you do sight a turd , you ca n't just scoop it up alone . It comes with a handful of litter . -LRB- See # 1 about burning through more litter . -RRB- This product was purely created by Purina marketing to take advantage of customers that want to want to be better stewards of the planet . What they accomplished is robbing and alienating them .
 This stuff was recommended to me by my vet after my cat had surgery on his paw . I had never paid much attention to ALL the different types of kitty litter at the store , but I popped for a bag . My first reaction was wow , these little pellets are hard . But in fact they do absorb urine just as hoped/desired . Solids , another issue . They just sit on the surface , my cats wo n't or ca n't cover them up . So I was scooping more often , and because the pellets are quite large they do n't pass through the slots on the scoop . Became quite the procedure to get just the solids and leave the pellets.Recently one of the cats stopped pooping in the box and used the carpet instead . I took this as a sign that he too was tired of this product that sounds so promising . Back to traditional clay I go -LRB- which , according to a book I read , is what cats are used to texture-wise anyway -RRB- . 2 stars for the effort .
 So , i was at the store and they were out of the litter i wanted . i figured that this would be great its LOW TRACKING -LRB- FALSE -RRB- and good for the environment . My Siamese cat seemed to get the litter all over . It gets stuck in his paws . After 2 weeks it began to smell like urine . When he pooped it smelled awful . I 've tried so many litters including the World 's Best Cat litter , Feline Pine , and many others . I 've yet to find a decent one . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 How do you know what size the collar is ? I want to order one and need a small .
 I tried this product because it 's made from recycled paper , and would not have the dust factor of clay litter . True , it does n't have the dust problem but the cat throws the pellets all over . The real issues are that this stuff has no absorption and no order control . After about a day it stinks like a zoo ! I had to add clumping clay litter to fix this mess . I 'm not sure why anyone would ever want this product . It 's the worst litter I 've ever tried .
 my daschund was able to take of this muzzle in 40 seconds . yes , i timed it .
 I bought this thinking it would be a great product , as it allows the dog to drink water , and if something were to happen , he can throw up through it as well . Unfortunately , this feature also allows the dog free rein to eat/destroy anything . Additionally , it 's very easy for him to take the muzzle off , as it only has a single strap that goes around the back of his head . I tried on multiple occasions to fashion it in such a way as to stay on him , with the only way that worked being to latch it under his collar . All in all , a pitiful product that I had high hopes for . Avoid this ! I shall be returning mine shortly .
 Cat has had fleas for several months , I have given her flea baths and then next day applied this product as directed . I have not seen ANY benefit from this product , as a matter of fact the fleas appear to be more concentrated around the base of the neck where the product is applied ! I wonder if this company forgot that it is suppose to kill and repel fleas not attract and propogate them .
 I do n't usually have to write a negative review for things on Amazon , but this did nothing but add a big greasy spot on my cats . They still had fleas two weeks later . From what I could tell , just as many as before . There is no shortcut ... just buy Advantage or Frontline . Get it from amazon , the price IS better on the stuff that works .
 My wife purchased this for out outdoor cat a last September . Last night we applied it again since we 've seen a lot of ticks so far this month . Well today my wife called me in a panic stating our cat was now BALD where the medicine was applied between the shoulder blades and his skin was red like it had a chemical burn . Our cat is a male , about 10 years old and about 12lbs . He 's a tough tom cat so I 'm sure he 'll survive this but PLEASE search the internet for other reviews of this product . Other cats have died ! If it 's possible for me to add a picture later I will do so but I would stay clear of this . We 'll be purchasing a name brand from our vet next time . I wish we would have searched for reviews before we used .
 Do not cheap out on your pet meds . I 've learned a huge lesson . I have four cats , and use flea and tick meds for good measure , and one of them had fleas before I applied this product -LRB- and still does -RRB- . First off , the grease slick on my cats ' necks was as big as my entire hand and lasted for four days . -LRB- Put your hand just behind your cats head and that is the size of the spot -RRB- They probably loved washing that off . So , typically flea meds will make my cats a little jumpy for a couple hours after , but this stuff had them absolutely skittish . Afraid of most everything , noises and just my trying to touch them.If I could I would sue for damages , pain and suffering , but cats ca n't spend money . Terrible , terrible stuff.And , on top of all that I read on the box that it is for one month protection , not three like the higher priced item.Also , the fleas are alive and well on the one cat that had fleas , and no sign of death for them . If it does n't kill the fleas it probably -LRB- probably -RRB- wo n't kill the cats .
 My cats did not have fleas previously , and , after using this product , they do . I am also not impressed with how it leaks down my cats ' necks , even though I applied it correctly . I spent a decent amount of money on this product , so I assumed it would be effective . This time around , I gave my cats Advantage , which I am hoping will get rid of the fleas this product did not prevent .
 I have purchased this product in the hopes that it will relieve my 3 year old cat of fleas . What I ended up with is a poisoned cat who is in an Emergency Animal hospital , hooked up to an IV.I applied this product topically , as directed , by squeezing it on my cat 's skin on his neck , right under the base of the skull . Three hours after I did so , I noticed my cat shaking and not being able to stand straight . I have immediately washed him and gave him water and food . He would not touch any of it so I knew at that point that this horrible medication poisoned him.I would be angry at myself , if I had misused the product in some way . But I did not . I read the directions several times and made sure I did it correctly . DO NOT BUY THIS !!! $ 550 incurred in medical bills to this date for a product that was n't that cheap to begin with . The worst part is my cat 's suffering , which is infinitely worse than anything he ever suffered when he had fleas.And as for the effectiveness of this product , I dont know if it can kill fleas , but it can certainly kill your pet .
 I bought the Zodiac flea treatment thinking it would kill the fleas , eggs , ect . on my three cats , it did nothing but make a huge oily mess on their necks and sides . It also made one of them sick throwing up all over the place . I tried using it for 2 months to give it a decent try but it did absolutly nothing but make a mess ! Now I have 3 months worth of fleas to clean out with expensive advantage , instead of 1 month , which I should have done in the beginning !
 As with other buyers , I 've found that this product leaves an oily residue on my cat 's fur more than a week after it 's application . It also made her very sick the second time it was used , mainly because there 's so much of it in one vial that it spreads down her skin and fur to where she reach to can lick it . Have you ever seen bright green vomit ? That 's what she brought up . Flea control seems to be achieved but the side effects make me question the propriety of using this product on either of my cats -LRB- the male , fortunately , is able to wear a 6-month flea collar to which the female is allergic -RRB- . They 're the same age , 7 years , so I 'm not discussing kittens . I will not use this product again and have already ordered Frontline Plus . I know it works and I know my cat has no adverse reaction to it . This is a case where trying to save a few dollars cost me more in the long run .
 Very cute dog jacket , well made , HOWEVER , despite having measured my dog -LRB- Bichon 21 lbs -RRB- , and used sizing chart , the medium did not fit , not even close . Large was not in stock . Company fully refunded my shipping .
 I have a small , young female cat that likes to play more than any other cat I 've ever had . She 's very hard on toys so I 'm always on the lookout for reasonably priced toys that might withstand her torture techniques . I googled sturdy cat toys and Kong came up . I know their dog products and they make very durable toys , so I read some reviews on their cat line . My cat really loves the fishing-pole-type toys so this item was on my short-list . Then there was a sale on Kong cat toys and I bought a few things that were around 30-50 % off and the Kong Swizzle Bird cat toy was one of the items I bought.I got everything home and I wanted to share the Swizzle Bird with her first , since I knew she 'd absolutely love it , although I figured I 'd save other new toys for another day . I removed it from the packaging and yes , it is very plush and soft , but it immediately started shedding fuzz all over the carpet , and it 's very visible . I was n't thrilled about that , but figured at a certain point it would stop shedding after the ` newness ' wore off.Oh and she indeed go crazy for it . Insane , actually . And I figured the shedding might be worth it since she was obviously so happy . I never leave toys unattended with this cat , since she 's so rough with toys , and this toy was no exception . I was standing in the middle of the room , flicking it around for her when my boyfriend started talking to me about something and I was n't paying direct attention to my cat and her toy , although I had it in my hand and was actively moving it . In the few minutes that I was distracted , she completely dismembered the feathers from the end of the swizzle . ALL of them . And this was still the same night I 'd brought the toy home , so we did n't get very much time with it while it was whole . So now I 'm looking at fuzz everywhere , plus a feather-bomb that 's gone off . I thought the toy still might be ok with just the swizzly part , the soft plush tail , but the next day when we were playing with it again , she started ripping out the fuzz by the roots and spitting it out . There were bald spots where she 'd removed tufts and more fuzz all over the carpet.Soooo I retired the Swizzle Bird Cat toy after 2 days . A short career for a toy . My cat is a chewer , she loves to chew on things , in addition to chasing and stalking and generally getting goofy . The fishing-pole-type cat toys that are on a string do n't work with her , since she gnaws through the string in short order . This toy really is a great toy , it 's just not the right match for my fierce little chomper . I went back to the dollar store and purchased the fishing-pole-type toy they had , it 's all felt . It was one of the first toys I bought her and it had lasted a couple of months . Which , for a dollar , I can live with , and felt does n't shed . I can buy 5 of those and stock up almost a year 's worth for the price of one Swizzle Bird Cat toy . I ration her toys , not because she 'll get bored , but because I just wait until a couple of toys are completely unusable anymore before I bring out more , so as more Kong toys make it into her toy box , I 'll review those .
 while the design is nice and the concept , this stand was not able to support my cage which was not very heavy . the bolt on the hook does n't secure enough and I happened to hear the bolt slip and was able to remove the cage before it came crashing down . I feel very fortunate that I was home at the time I can only think in horror of what could 've happened to my bird if i was n't home and he came crashing down . The cage does n't specify any weight limits on the website and also came with no instructions to put it together only a diagram . but that should not be their excuse , it was put together for me by a professional handyman .
 Product arrived in worn box . White finish was chipped at fittings and rust was evident on all the connecting pieces . Enamel was stained in several places because of rust -LRB- inside -RRB- plastic sleeves . - This was either a piece returned used and repackaged , or was stored in a wet area.Totally unacceptable and a real dissapointment after so many pleasant transactions through this medium . X-Treme cages has lost my business .
 I was very disappointed with the product . I 'm sure the chemical is very potent , but I 'll never know because all 3 foggers clogged and failed while still mostly full . I followed the instructions exactly ; it 's clear that Adams just went with the cheapest cans possible and they do n't work .
 I sat on the couch 3 feet away from where I set off the bomb several hours ago , and big fleas are jumping on me ! I followed the instructions to the letter . Maybe it takes longer for them to die off , but they sure seem healthier than ever right now . How disappointing . Cost about $ 20 . I treid carpet powder too . Maybe I 've got extra tough fleas .
 I bought several cans of this stuff and followed the directions . Half an hour after i aired out my place , I now have more fleas jumping on me than I did before I used this junk . If anything I think it just made them hungrier !
 I bought this cage and I was very disappointed . It took over an hour to put together . My six pound rabbit barely fit and it was cumbersome for him to go up and down the ramp . I also did n't think about the wire bottoms . He is completely litter box trained and does n't need the wire bottoms . So I had to put carpet squares on the floor so the wire would n't hurt his feet . After about a month , I broke down and bought `` My Deluxe Home , Giant '' from -LSB- ... -RSB- . It costs about the same as this one but it is one level with lots of room for him to stretch out . It only took about 10 minutes to put it together . I have had it for over a year and it still looks like new .
 This is not worth $ 75 plus $ 40 shipping and handling !!! Cage is so flimsy and unless you have a baby rabbit do n't think about it . The ramp is not even wide enough nor sturdy enough for a half grown or full grown rabbit to go down . Ramp and the upper tier wo n't even support the weight of our rabbit . It ca n't even go up the ramp , too narrow . Very cheap looking and some of the covers that go over the bare wire were missing , box was not damanged at all but all the wire sides were bent . Was going to send it back but they want a 15 % fee just to send it back , plus paying for postage again ... I 'll be in the hole nearly . This was a total waste of $ 115.00 !!! Looks much better in the picture , wire is very thin . Buyer beware .
 These are NOT worth the money . The dogs had them off VERY quickly , and even after tightening , they tore the front seam off within 10 minutes , making them pointless.It took a LONG time to get the package in , and when it finally arrived , the envelope was so small that the contents were spilling out and the flap was opened .
 I have a 35 pound beagle . Not really a big and strong dog . He was easily able to bend the doors and get out . Unfortunately the gaps between the wires is so much that he can easily chew the bungee cords you put on the doors . The divider panel merely rests on the sides rather than fitting in some where , something a dog can knock out of place in no time . My dog got a big gash on his nose from the divider panel edge . I got a KONG crate and works much better because the doors are lift top . So if you have a hyper dog , DO NOT GET THIS !
 I bought the pondmaster 02920 as a new item . However , wheni received the shipment , it 's a used one . I can clearly seesome minor scratches on the surface . The UV light has somekind of plague at the connector end . Also , the packing wasloose.I am really disappointed with this type of service from amazon .
 The light was ok but they do n't tell you that you need other parts to go with it and there are no instructions at all . They do n't tell you were to place it or how to place it . I was very disappointed with that . Therefore I returned it . The return was not a problem .
 I have a 75gal mixed reef tank that was doing great as a bare bottom tank . Wanted to add a little sand just for aesthetics , so I added only 15 lbs to make a 1/2 inch layer . Next day my SPS are all bleached out , LPS are all closed , and my softies are shrived or detached . I would never recommend that anyone put this in there marine tank .
 We ordered what is shown and received the Air Dog with the Squeaker which is not this item . I emailed All Pets Considered and received a reply stating that the description states that there is a squeaker stating I was incorrect . I have replied showing them the link and that this is not in the description . We have purchased this actual item previously -LRB- store no longer carries it -RRB- , and it is a great product . It is much stronger than the squeaker Kong and lasts a much longer time .
 I am not pleased with this item . The rubber `` non-slip '' ring does not stay on the bowl and is a pain to keep putting back on the bowls . Already threw them in the back yard for water . Also , the edge of the bowl that is for preventing spills also prevents the dogs from getting their food .
 This is probably much more durable than the feather attachment , and if your cat goes for it , the rating goes to five . Mine did n't .
 I wish the mylar or whatever material was stronger . My cat just in playing with it for a few minutes and chewing on it for a second was able to chew a couple pieces off and eat them.I bought a couple of them but am not going to use them since I 'm pretty sure having a cat eat the sparkler material is n't good for the cat .
 My cat goes nuts over this toy ; unfortunately , it only lasts a couple of days at best . This is the second one I 've bought because I was hoping the first one was just defective , but the second one fell apart even faster . It 's really frustrating because this is by far my cat 's favorite toy , but the sparkly pieces are easily pulled out of the red cap . I keep trying to find ways to fix it , but so far I 've been unsuccessful . I 'm going to keep trying though , because he never seems to get tired of playing with it . I really hope the Da Bird people will find a way to make this more durable . I 've never run into this problem with the feathers , so there has to be something that can be done to improve this attachment . I 'd buy 10 of them if I knew they would remain intact for longer than a week !
 The item , the sparkly attachment , is wonderful , the problem is that their warehouse has attached a barcode that says it is the Sparkly attachment to the Feather attachment.I have reordered it twice , with the same results . Of course Customer Service is apologetic and sends Return Auths , and then ships out the same thing . Three strikes and you are out as I recall . I will go to Petsmart and buy the refill pack which includes all the other attachments that Annie the cat has no interest in . While the expense is little , it is the principle that ticks me off .
 I do n't know who thinks that it 's ok for their cat to ingest mylar . Two of my cats are under two and are very active . They love chasing feathers , doing flips in the air and all of that but part of their play is to chew on the toy . My orange Tabbie has been to the vet twice to have her stomach emptied of fod -LRB- foreign objects -RRB- and I have to constantly monitor both of them to make sure they 're not eating something they should n't . Kids . My vet told me that I was lucky that Pumpkin was able to finally vomit up the heavy plastic wrapping she ate or it would have required a $ 2,500 surgery to remove it . Well , if your cat does n't mouth the toy and you 're confident they wo n't eat it , more power to you . I wo n't chance it with mine .
 My cat Apollo was even more excited than I was but then it fell apart the 1st time he played with it ! :--LRB- It gets 1 star for speedy delivery and for the immediate great appeal to my cats but only 1 kitty got to play with it since it broke within the 1st minute !!! Extremely disappointed ! False advertising ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ITEM . I also had to take away the broken sparkler as tinsel is dangerous for cats . The Da Bird rod is great but all the attachments so far have fallen apart so quickly -LRB- 1 a day -RRB- that it is getting costly . I have ordered 7 attachments total of 4 different types and this was the 2nd type tested . The first was the pheasant feather that is popular with all 6 cats .
 As another recent reviewer experienced , my cat loved the toy but was able to chew a piece off and eat it - fortunately it came back up rather quickly , so a vet visit was n't necessary . The ORIGINAL da bird refill -LRB- feathers -RRB- is EXCELLENT and I would highly recommend it .
 The diffuser comes as two pieces that are joined together . When I installed it , one side had plenty of bubbles , but the other side seemed to not work at all . I tried using a needle to punch holes in the non-bubbling side as suggested in the instructions , but then that side produced large bubbles and the other side seemed to produce almost no bubbles . I was using a more than adequate air pump with variable output , so it was n't the pump causing problems.It seems the pores in the two pieces were n't matched in size , so you get uneven output .
 The title says it all , i recieved the item with high hopes but when I hooked it up only 1 bar worked . To make it clearer this product comes in 2 sections to cover the 28 '' , and that means half of the distance did n't work . For those who think maybe my pump was the problem it was n't , i took out the section that worked toleave the 1 bar with all the pressure , and also tried switching which side it was on and still had no luck . And as for their solution of sticking pins in them , well thats alot of holes to make andmaybe i need better ones but they all bent or broke before they made the hole.I gave it 2 stars because the part that does work is quite nice so i do n't hate all of it .
 Bubble bar comes in two peices that you connect together & air line goes in one side . I spent an hour messing with this to get the air low to be even . My OCD gets the best of me with my fish tank & everything has to be even , centered , matching , etc. . The bubbles DO NOT come out even no matter what you do ! The first stick -LRB- right where the airline connects in -RRB- was perfect , the connected pipe however ... the bubbles only came out the last 2 inches and every now & then out the rest . When I disconnected , changed connectors etc. . . it ended up the first half totally stopped and now the second half was perfect , disconnected/reconnected again & it switched back . After an hour with no diffrent results I got ticked , ripped the closing peice off the 2nd bar , stuck in on the first and now im only using half of what I paid for . Its not my air pump , its strong enough . I havent found a strip bigger than 8 or so inches that actually works . My advice if you want bubbles across your whole tank is buy two small strips and have a air pump with double connections and hook two DIFFRENT bubble strips up . Until they make one long soild peice thats this long ... i dont see it ever working . The fault comes where it connects . I wouldent buy THIS product again , I would buy a smaller strip of this brand however .
 The bubbles come out super heavy on one side and barely on the other . I have checked the connector piece and have a pump for a 40 gallon tank . That should be plenty big enough to push air through both sides .
 I bought 4 of these to span my 8 ' tank . My plan was to have a solid bubble wall against the back of my tank . I have a very powerful air pump -LRB- meant to supply many tanks for all sorts of things -RRB- and no matter what , the bubble wall was incondistent . Some section of the wand worked great , some sections had no bubbles , but the sections after them did , which means the air was getting through.So I wasted allot of money to just used 14 '' of these in both corners of the tank . The bubbles are bigger than I wanted too.Overall this is a pretty poor product .
 This was great for a few days , but soon the bubbles dwindled down to nothing . I am really disappointed with this product and I will be buying from someone else next time .
 I would n't reccommend this at all to anyone . it does not work , you have to make the holes , the fish tear it apart , just an overall bad product .
 bought the 28 '' diffuser , its actually two 14 '' attached with a sleeve . Put it on my aquarium and the bubbles were inconsistent one of the half barely produced any bubbles . I used a needle and poked a few holes in it , the bubbles where huge just by using a needle , the thing is ruined . Useless .
 what a piece of junk.bad flow of air . . only comes out of one tube , mostly around inlet . . pass on this item and buy another
 Although these seem to be made well , they are not indestructible or for ` aggressive and persistent chewers ' as the label suggests . My 8 month old german shepherd was pulling stuffing out within an hour of giving it to her . Granted , very few toys last with her -LRB- thank God for KONG ! -RRB- but I had high hopes for this one . Just more money down the drain .
 The Good
 This was very flimsy and cheap . Not worth the price . I sent it back immediately And will order one that is stutdier
 This Feeder is way too small > Maybe good for small dogs > Invest in a larger one .
 For the price of this feeder I was expecting at least medium duty construction . This feeder is not very sturdy at all . The bottom is not braced or reinforced which is the main problem . If that was done , the light duty construction for the rest would be okay . I have this feeder in with goats and my guardian dog , and feel it 's not going to hold up that well . The feeder arrived with a bent bottom , and the seller was very fair in issuing me a partial refund , but the design needs to be tweeked for the bottom .
 I normally purchase training pads from Petco which I 've found pretty reliable because they are quite absorbant . Recently , I ran out of the pads and had to purchase some at K-Mart because it was the closest store available and there were very few options so I chose Hartz . This was a horrible purchase . My puppy will urinate on this pad once and spreads throughout the entire pad and actually leaks out onto the floor . In addition this , it also does n't block odors like many of the other brands do . Unfortunately , I lost my receipt so I was n't able to bring it back . We 've been doubling up on the pads hoping this will work in regards to leaking , but this has n't helped either . I would NEVER purchase these again and I think they should be removed from the market .
 I have two 8 pounds Dachshunds and the Hartz `` Maximum '' Protection Puppy Pads do n't stand up to quality in my book . I got up this AM and both pads were wet ... one is in a plastic floor protector and the second pad ... a just in case pad ... is on the hard wood floors . Well , the wet spot was directly in the middle of the pad and when I picked it up , you could feel the moisture on the back of the pad ... the pad that is going to give me `` Maximum '' protection ... I think not !!! I gave the benefit of the doubt a few weeks ago when I got up and the pad in the plastic floor protector was wet , but it was close to the edge and the floor protector had urine in it ... so I had to wipe out the floor protector . As I said , I gave the benefit of the doubt where the wet marks was so close to the edge of the pad . Now this AM ... smack dab in the middle of that pad and the underside was moist and you could see the wet mark on the hard wood floors . Not a pool or urine ... I 'll give them that , but I do n't consider what I saw `` maximum protection '' ... so you make up your own mind.I cancelled my Subscribe and Save on this item . I 'll find another puppy pad or go back to my pads that are washable -LRB- Pooch Pads -RRB- and they are great by the way . I went to the disposable because I had major back surgery and did n't want to have the person helping me out , have to do any washing of puppy pads while I was in the hospital . Well , I got use to not having to wash puppy pads , but after this experience , I 'm going back to a higher quality pad or the washable Pooch Pads , which are washable puppy pads . This Hartz Maximum Protection Puppy Pad is disappointing to say the least .
 I breed Golden Retriever puppies and as a breeder I need dog pads that absorb well and are large so I do n't need as many to cover the whelping box and kennel they are in as puppies . These pads are the smallest potty pads I have seen in 8 years of breeding . They are also the least absorbent and leak . If there is one thing you do n't want on your floor it 's puppy pee and poop ! 12 hour protection ? Give me a break , more like 12 minute protection.SAVE yourself the MONEY and buy a different brand of piddle pads . You 'll go through three times as many and still end up with a wet floor if you use these . The sad thing is a few years ago this brand was the best out there . NOT anymore !!! The full pad measures 22 '' x 21.5 '' but the actual absorbent pad itself is only 18 '' x 18 '' . Did I mention they also tear easily ? They are ridiculously thin and the slightest tug rips the absorbent part from the bottoms . Horrible , horrible pads.If you are in my position , as a breeder , please , PLEASE , save yourself the headache and do n't buy these . However , if you only have one or two small dogs and are n't gone all day long these would probably work for you.Buy at your own risk of frustration and wasted money .
 These were cheaper pads , and that being said , you get what you pay for . They come folded up in a quarter of their actual size . On half of them when I went to unfold -LRB- no matter how gently and slow I did it -RRB- the plastic backing ripped . This , of course , defeated the purpose of the pad because my dog 's urine ended up getting on the floor . The ones that actually did n't rip when I unfolded them worked fine . They 're pretty absorbent and they are pretty much odor free like the packaging suggests . That said , I wo n't be buying these again as I do n't like the fact that half of them ripped .
 they 're about as thin as three pieces of toilet paper and the coverage area is the smallest i 've seen compared to at least 5 other brands . i 'm not looking for gold plated wee pads , but these are just trashy .
 I have used these pads before and they seemed ok enough . I 'm not sure if the manufacturing of this product has changed , or if my shih tzu urinates more -LRB- doubt it -RRB- , but these pads ARE NOT absorbent . The urine pools on top of the pad , and even though my dog pees in the center of the pad , the floor beneath is always wet . They are sold at Walgreens , 50 pads for $ 10 . While that might seem like a good deal , I truly believe you get what you pay for . I bought two bags , and will be returning the unopened one immediately .
 I tried the Hartz pads because they were considerably cheaper than the brand I usually buy -LRB- Nature 's Miracle -RRB- . There is NO comparison to the absorpency of the two products . The Hartz pads leak through and I found myself washing the floor and changing pads every couple of hours . Not such a bargain after all .
 These pads are not absorbant enough so when my dogs paws got wet once she stopped using them .
 These pads were great for the first two weeks I was training my pitbull pup . After that at nine weeks old my pup 's urine was not being held by these pads . These seem to be ideal for smaller breeds , so I ca n't understand why they show a Lab on the product . Though they work ok for all breeds during the first couple of weeks , I recommend these pads mainly for owners of smaller breeds .
 The most important thing for a wee-wee pad is that it not let any liquid seep through and ruin the hardwood floors . This brand allows urine to seep through almost immediately . They are also slightly smaller than other brands we have used . Still looking for a brand that does not allow ANY seepage . This does n't seem like much to ask , but so far all the brands we 've tried allow leakage because the plastic is porous .
 I had been buying this pad but no more . You have just outpriced yourself by raising the price from $ 9.99 to $ 15.21 even with the 4 for 3 discount and the free shipping -LRB- that 's why the two stars -RRB- . They are cheaper at Walgreens where they still sell for $ 9.99 . You can lower the price in consideration of your customers , I 'll buy them again . In the meantime , if you want a pretty good pad I 've used the ones from DHMEDICAL online where they have 200 pads for $ 30 and reasonable shipping . Zero Stars for Amazon . five stars for the Hartz quality .
 I have been using the Hartz Training Academy Wee Wee Pads for almost 3 years for my Chihuahua Dacshund mix . I love them and she loves them but unfortunately no more . Initially you could n't beat the price . Walgreens always had the 50 pre priced pack for $ 10 . Now Hartz has added another element to the wee wee pad -LRB- ANTI BACTERIAL -RRB- . I bought one pack and wasted a good ten dollars . At the moment I opened this pack I smelled a very strong disinfectant odor eminating from the bag . Sure enough the new anti bacterial is saturated with this smell that offends me and I surely would n't subject my dog to it . I can only deScribe the odor similar to all those pre saturated wiping/cleansing cloths that you pull out of the top of the plastic bottle . I am extremely disappointed as I was told that even if you see the old blue packaging on most websites where you can order the original product you will be sent the new product in the lighter green packaging.I SAY BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL HARTZ TRAINING ACADEMY WITHOUT THE ANTI BACTERIAL CRAP .
 I use pee pads in the house only when no one is home or overnight.I work from home , so 90 % of the time I am home and available to let our chihuahua out to use the bathroom.I have noticed that she will pee once , and sometimes twice overnight and the pad doesnt hold the pee all of the time . The other pads I have used have never had this issue.Also , when I pulled the pads out of the bag , sometimes the corners of the pad would be stuck folded into the middle of the pad and when I would pull it apart the pad would rip and I would have cotton coming out from the pad . . So , after trying these pads for about 5 days ... I gave up on these .
 To me there are 2 types of pads . The economy pads that are really thin , do n't soak up the urine , create wet tracking paw prints on my floors but all in all serve their purpose if you do n't mind the extra mess/smell and are way cheep . Then you have the great pads like Advanced that soak up the mess/smell , minimize paw prints , and never leave my floors damp but cost a little bit more.These Hartz pads are the worst of worst and priced about the same as the quality pads . The Hartz have cheep backings which my chihuahua completely soaks thru in the mornings . It is terrible picking them up . Plus if he pees once then he tends to poop on the floor next to the pad because the pad is gross and full so he does n't want to stand on it . I have a chihuahua not great dane so if he does n't like them then these must be made for tea cup pups .
 I have been using Hartz puppy pads since we got adopted my dog last fall and I 've been ordering them from Amazon . However the latest shipment -LRB- June 2011 -RRB- is different than the previous product . I noticed when the shipment arrived last week that the outer wrapping had changed -LRB- as reflected in the new photo amazon posted -RRB- - I 've since read companies usually do this when they change their product manufacturers or formulations . When I opened the bag , a terrible chemical odor was immediately evident . The smell has completely filled the coat closet where we keep the pads . It is also making the bathroom where the dog pees smell toxic . The dog himself does n't seem to mind the acrid smell , but we sure do . I think we 're going to try theseWare River Pet Puppy Wee Wee Pads 23 `` x24 '' 100/box USA MADEbecause at least they 're made in the USA , although there is n't free shipping . I do n't want to poison my family or my dog .
 The item photo is for the New improved pads 75 % better , But I received the old pads that are 25 % than the original pads better
 I tested these out with my very small mini dachshund . They did n't work out very well . While the size was big enough , the absorbent material was rather thin . These would protect your floor very well from the accidents of perhaps a hamster or a gerbil . If your puppy/dog weighs over 5 pounds , do not expect anything except a wet mess when you arrive home . I gave it 2 stars instead of one , because it would probably work pretty well for something tiny . -LRB- Smaller than the average grown rabbit that you see in your yard -RRB- . Packaging was nice , and the pads do hold together , even when wet on both sides .
 I bought this in hopes of removing an awful odor of vomit that was on a piece of luggage I bought recently . The plastic smell was awful to my sensative sense of smell.I tried all the other `` fixes '' and at last resort bought this . This has such a highly medicinal smell that it was almost as bad as the other smell I was trying to remove.This product is NOT good for those with very sensitive noses to smells . It does NOT neutralize the smell as it seems some reviews state . It just covers them up with another . It did not remove the smell of the luggage and I had to return the luggage .
 Similar to a few other reviewers , the spot welds between the clamp on the handle and the pan broke . Unfortunately it took about 5 months for ours to go so no hope of a replacement . This under relatively normal use for our 2 dogs.Probably fairly easily fixable with a bolt or screw through the handle but for such an expensive `` heavy duty '' pooper scooper I expect more . .
 This item makes much play of the metal pan and the aluminium handle . Both are true , but what they do NOT tell you is that the telescoping handles depend on a crappy little black plastic collar at the join . Mine is already cracked , after just on a month 's VERY light use -LRB- I 'm in Maine , the Southern NJ bit is way out of date , we 've had snow cover most of that time ! -RRB- and as a result , the handle has no rigidity.If they had just invested a few cents extra in the production , and put some kind of bolt fastener through the handle , it would be a good buy . As it is , this item , in my view , is a piece of exactly the same material as it 's meant to be picking up.I 'll continue to use it - I just have to throw away their aluminium handle -LRB- and no doubt the other one , in due course -RRB- and buy a broom handle from the local hardware store , fit those and cut them to length . WHY , though ? WHY cheapen a decent piece of kit with a crappy little plastic part ? It makes no sense whatsoever , not to me , at any rate.Bottom line - buy this product if you wish -LRB- probably all alternatives are the same -RRB- but expect to have to replace the handle due to that plastic collar cracking within months , if not weeks .
 after using this product for just over a month , the pan came off the handle . we only have 1 dog , so its not like we over-used it or anything . expected way more for what we paid for it
 Poor turnaround . I placed my order on the 10th and seller sent me a email saying that they shipped on the 18th and I will receivethe item on the 30th . All for a small dog toy .
 This kitty shelf was nothing like the manufacturer promised . It says that it can be installed without marring the window -- but only if the window is not closed and locked -- the shelf has to sit inside the window . My only option was to drill holes in the frame . I gave it away to a friend and will purchase another shelf for my `` kids '' .
 I did n't like this product - it needed to be screwed onto the window and was small and flimsy . I 'm still thinking about returning it .
 This is basically a piece of wood , a thin piece of foam , and the equivalent of a carpeted toilet seat cover that barely fits over all of it . The support arm barely supports a cat . If I were to permanently affix it , it would be more secure . However , if I wanted a permanent one , I would have gotten one . It does n't strike me as more comfortable than the interior ledge of the window.It 's hard to sell a product for this cheap , and yet still leave the buyer feeling that it was not a great deal . But it did.Maybe a suction cup at the end of the arm would be more secure ? I do n't know .
 the support arm on the bottom of the shelf is not sturdy enough to support the shelf . it allows the product to slip down and then flip out of the window when the cat jumps on it . Very poor product .
 I ORDERED 3 SWEATERS FOR MY GRANDOGS AND NEVER RECEIVED THEM !!!! RUINED MY CHRISTMAS FOR THEM .
 This looks cool in my bearded dragons tank ... but it does not self dispense water what so ever . . you have to unscrew the bottle and let the water come out every time you want fresh water in the tiny opening ... good idea but wasnt made correctly , i would pass on this one unless you dont mind messing with the water everyday .
 This was a bad call on my part did ` nt think this one through the water gets stale crickets get through the small mess screen its just decor for the tank now .
 I replaced my old water dish with this Exo Terra Water Well and was away for 3 days . I came home to find one of the 3 leopard geckos severely dehydrated . I thought she was not going to make it . I put her in a moist hide and she kept drinking and drinking from the wet paper towel in the hide . She obviously was n't able to find the water even though this Water Well was put in the usual corner where the old water dish was . Like the other reviews mentioned , there 's VERY little water in the visible part of the dish . Without the top cover , it 's more usable because there 's more drinkable surface .
 I purchased this item because I thought it would look nicer than a typical plastic water dish in my beardies home . It looks nice , but the water level is extremely shallow . I know my dragon does n't need anything more than just a puddle to lick up , but this is n't even 1/4 inch deep . This item has to be placed on a perfectly level surface or all the water can rest in the back of it making it inaccessible to FartZilla . I suppose if you used a sand substrate you could compensate for this and angle it a little more . I use a slate tile substrate and needed to shim it up a little bit . I did n't have to do that with an open water dish . Speaking of that , the opening of this item is just barely an inch wide . Mine is still only nine inches long and I want to see him try to use it when he has a bigger head . I would n't recommend this item for anything larger than a leopard gecko or maybe a bearded dragon .
 This stand brings the 2-quart bowls 1 '' off the floor . It 's not what I need or thought it was . The photo makes it appear higher . Upon further review , the measurements in the description are correct
 The main part of my cat 's routine is sitting on a platform and staring out my bedroom window all day ... she has little interest in new toys . She liked the `` cat charmer '' and the `` cat dancer '' -LRB- both available on this site -RRB- for a couple months , but seems to get tired of toys very quickly and now will only play for a few minutes a week.I decided to buy the squirrel toy based on all the good reviews here . I put the catnip inside and moved it around rapidly - at first her eyes lit up with interest , but then again , that would happen with just about anything in my hand . Eventually she walked away , so I put the toy on the platform . Later , she jumped up , looked at it , then laid down and gave me her `` you kidding me ? '' look . That was almost worth the price of the toy alone ! I also tried tossing it in the air and dragging it with a string , but still there 's no reaction from my kitty . She 's never been affected by catnip , but she does like seeing the occasional squirrels outside , so I was hoping this would catch her interest . No dice . Maybe if I get a second cat , it will like it , but for now I ca n't recommend it .
 I got this for my bengal , he usually loves his catnip . He played briefly with it and never looked at it again . It could be a good toy for some cats just not mine .
 My cat was never interested in this squirrel , even full of fresh catnip.He 's not exactly a hunter or a big cat so I 'm guessing the size of this might have been intimidating.In any case , waste of money .
 My cats do not like this toy . I 've had it for a few weeks and never see them playing with it . I would not recommend it .
 Either the catnip was worn out , or the cats could n't smell it through the toy . They did n't respond to it at all . Waste of money .
 Usually my cat love all kind of toys but not this time , he did not like it at all , he did n't play with it !
 When I introduced this toy to my cat he just glared back at me with a `` you must be kidding '' look and just strolled away , leaving me holding it like a fool . Later , I saw him biting it a few times but has n't developed any further interest in it . It did n't cost much so no great loss . Just with all these positive reviews I had to write . I do n't think catnip appeals to him .
 I heard that catnip drives your cat a little looney . The stuff that goes inside the toys excites the cat senses but my cat did nothing . She sniffed and and walked away . Now its in the trash because she doesnt even go near it . The squirrel is cute but my cat doesnt like it , maybe someone else cat might like it ...
 The toy itself seemed fine . It was the catnipthat came with it that they did not like . I thinkthat it was aged , very dry , and did not have thecomponents of fresh catnip . They turned theirnose up at it .
 I buy lots of catnip toys to my 5-month kitten . She loves to wrestle with this squirrel , and was especially attracted to the tail . Unfortunately , the fabric the tail is made is very easily thorn so I ended up pulling the threads away from her mouth as she was eating all of them as cats do . Diarrhea would be least of the problems but this can cause obstruction as they are not degradable . I cut off the tail but it lost its charm . The shipping and service from the retailer was excellent .
 The catnip drives the kitties crazier than usual . Put on your leather gloves and try and get it away from them .
 Well I was excited by this toy since I know my 3 cats like both catnip and the little furry mice toys . I even had one cat who had stolen a stuffed pony and would carry it around the house . However I was disappointed that none of my cats showed any interest in the toy . I used one of the catnip tea bags that came with it and when I got no reaction form my cats I replaced that wit hloose catnip . I think the design is good , but alias none of my cats are interested in playing with it . So the toy sitso n the floor like road kill in the street . : -RRB-
 After watching my cats all excited over the squirrels at the birdfeeders outside their window this winter , I was looking forward to getting them their own `` squirrel '' to play with . This toy looked perfect , and they loved it , but within five minutes they were pulling `` fur '' loose from its tail and swallowing it . Even I with my arthritis could pull the `` fur '' loose . Now the cats are wondering what happened to their neat new toy , and I 'm thinking I wo n't be ordering any toys from Kong again .
 The product was good when it first came on the market but recent versions of it are AWFUL AND CHEAPLY MADE!My first littermaid that I purchased nearly four years ago broke and had to be replaced by the manufacturer . The replacement lasted for 3 years and then broke . I bought another one and after only one month that broke . They replaced it again and after only 3 days IT BROKE . By broke I mean the rake comes off the track when it tries to pick up a clump and the wheels keep running but the rake does n't move and you have to force it back on the track just for it to come off again.Even when this item worked , it was only slightly better then a regular box because the rake always got jammed up and gross ! Please do not throw away your hard earned money on this product . I beg of you ...
 when i got it i loved it for about 3 days . then it began clogging up and getting disgustingly dirty . NO ONE i 've ever met , and i do animal rescue work , has ever kept this and used it . want to get one that really works ? go to http://litter-robot.com/ and check out the message board at http://www.litterbox-central.com this was a great resource for me . i was obsessed with fining a solution to the litterbox oder and time it took . litter robot has been a great product for me ... for now nearly a year and on the litterbox central forum you can see testimonials from other users who are happy for longer . 3 weeks for this crummy littermaid or a 18mth warrenty and many happy users with the LITTER-ROBOT
 I do n't know what is yet , but I hope to find it myself too . We purchased this litterbox 18 months ago . We have two cats in the house . I spend almost as much time cleaning this device as i would manually sifting litter . The flimsy plastic rake often pushes litter -LRB- and worse -RRB- into little crevices within the device 's drive rails . The recepticles are expensive and , if used correctly , throw litter directly at you when you attempt to remove them from their snap-locks . Often times , we will have to shut the machine off and move the litter into a `` friendlier '' place for the rake to catch it . Otherwise , the rake will run -LRB- loudly -RRB- until it can no longer move , then return to its start point -LRB- loudly -RRB- and begin again -LRB- loudly -RRB- .
 It is very messy and is not useable without the purchase of a tent . With the tent , the thing is HUGE . The mechanism wont work if you go above the fill line with litter . With the tent you can not see the fill line . The raking creates lots of spills within the tent and it is used litter that gets spilled into places you ca n't see or reach easily . It is very loud and we have to turn it off at night . The litter and receptacles are very costly to replace . You ca n't use standard litter . And if your cats have long hair the clumping litter sticks to them . The rake gets clogged easily . Removing the waste is not simple . The receptacle is difficult to lift out and is very flimsy and rips . Got cats ? Get a litter box and old fashioned litter and a scoop !
 I have owned 2 littermaids . The second bigger unit , being the noisiest . Littermaid was ahead of its time when it 1st came out , but they have done nothing to improve upon it . I have 1 bengal cat , and would have to empty the container at least every 3 days . The lids never fit tight , and they way the lid attaches , the cat would step on it and cause lid to become unattached . The megamaid was better in that the cat was more comfortable , not being confined to a short container . The main problem , is , that the litter gets in the gear tracks so easily . I was having to clean out the drive tracks everyday . Hey the idea of an automated litter box , is , so you do n't have to clean it so often , but the upkeep to keep it operating properly is more than daily scooping . My cat lives in my bedroom with me , and the unit is soo noisey that when it starts it wakes me up at night . The cover is a joke , so much litter gets in it that you are continually having to pull the litter maid out to clean the cover , and the cat loves to get on top of it , which breaks the cheap plastic frame . . When it first came out , it was more of a novelty item , I like gadgets . My cat likes gadgets too , and he gets in it , I believe , just to activate it and watch the rake go thru the litter . The unit start about 10 minutes after Gizmo , gets out of it , which is not really enough time for the poop or pee to solidify , thus it gets stuck in the rake . The containers that hold the poop , do n't fit together well , and if I did n't have an ionizer in the room , I would have gotten rid of the littermaid alot sooner . I threw the unit in trash today and have gone back to a regular tray . Gizmo was watching me the whole time and when , I filled it with litter and put cover on it , he was waiting , impatiently for me to finish , and went right in , and did his business . He will stay in box for 10 minutes after , scratching the sides , covering up , over and over his poop . . In the littermaid , this meant that alot of it ended up outside the box , and in the tracks that the rake have to travel in , gumming up the unit . . The littermaid is a good unit if you keep up with it daily , but , Hey , who am I , I thought the idea was not have to do daily cleanings . I ca n't imagine if I had more then 1 cat .
 My litter box worked properly ... maybe twice.After that , the litter box runs continuously . When it does run , it does a terrible job of cleaning . No matter what kind of litter I use , the clumps get stuck in the rakes , and the unit does n't have enough HP to push the litter forward.The unit will run forever , even with no litter in it . I 'll be purchasing another automatic litter box for when I go out of town , but it wo n't be a LitterMaid product . This product is garbage . Do not buy one .
 We have two cats that are somewhat petite . Their waste looks pretty normal , but somehow much of it just finds its way through the tines of the rake and remains behind in the box and gets dragged around . I 've read that this product does n't work for cats that do n't burry their poo . I have to agree and would be surprised if it worked even if they did burry them.To watch this unit slide the solid waste all the way to the end and then watch the waste slip down back into box rather than get flipped into the bin was frustrating . Watching the waste that slipped though the gap get raked backwards all the way the start and seeing it pinned against the wall was just plain grose ! And we turned the unit on manually a good hour after they did their business . There was no reason for it not work . I even ran it three times in a row and it just could pick them all up and actually made matters a little worse each time , ending with the stuff pinned all the way back behind the rakes up against the wall.The tines of the rake are just too short and too flimsy . Why else would solid waste nearly make it up into the bin and drop back down into the litter ? After all the years this product has been in existence I 'm shocked to see it perform as it does . This unit was returned.I said at first that I was done with this brand , but I have to now retract that statment ! I took a chance on the more expensive LitterMaid ELITE MegaLitterMaid Elite LME9000 Mega Advanced Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter Boxbecause I was n't interested in buying the $ 20 crystal trays that went with an alternate brandScoop Free LB1 Self-Cleaning Litter Boxand I could tell by looking that it was much better made . I 'll probably post a separate review but I can tell you that the ELITE Mega has a superior design and so far nothing has slipped past the rake or even gotten stuck.I maintain that the LM 600 is not even worth trying unless perhaps your cat has enormous sized droppings . I personally would n't consider any of them that had a flimsy plastic rake , especially now that I 've seen the metal rake actually work as one would expect .
 I ordered a Booda Floppy Disc but received this product instead . It will fly fine and may hold up to gentle play but my labs tore a hole in it after only 4 days . The Booda Floppy Disc they had lasted about 5 years before these same labs demolished it . If you have a dog that is gentle with its toys then this product may work for you but if your dog likes to play rough do not bother.When I reported the mix-up to Amazon they immediately sent out the correct product . Thanks again to Amazon for outstanding customer service .
 My cats -LRB- both very playful -RRB- will absolutely not scratch this thing , even if I cover it in catnip . I 'm giving it 3 stars because it arrived on time and is as advertised , it 's just useless in my house.ETA I 'm taking away a star because my cats figured out how to use it as a door knocker and it makes me nearly jump out of my skin . Useless AND annoying .
 The carpet on this is really short and the strip overall is too narrow . I tried hanging it on several doorknobs and even anchoring it on the floor to no avail .
 I tried it in several locations . On the floor , on the door and in their faces . I rubbed it with catnip and tried to charm them with treats and they still looked at me like I was smoking crack . ` What exactly do want us to do with THAT thing , Mom ? ` My girls will play with pretty much ANYTHING , except this THING.I went over to Petco about week later and bought a super-cheapie carpet-covered 2 ' stand clawing post with a feather toy and the girls said ` Now that 's what we 're talkin ' bout , Mom ' . In my opinion do n't waste your money .
 WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP THIS IS . I HAVE -LRB- 2 -RRB- 6 MON. . OLD KITTENS . ONE SNIFFED IT AND WALK AWAY AND HAS NEVER RETURNED TO IT.THE OTHER ... NICKY ... TRIED TO SCRACTH IT AND IT JUST SWUNG AROUND AND SMACKED HER IN THE FACE . TO WIT SHE BIT IT AND WALKED AWAY.MADE VERY POORLY AND CHEAP.JUST A PIECE OF CRAPPY RUG GLUED TO A PIECE OF CARDBOARD . I SHOULD HAVE GONE WHERE I ALWAYS DO . . -LSB- ... -RSB- OR EVEN WALMART .
 This was the worst construction of a pet dish . It 's not stainless steel as they claimand it is dangerous for your pet . Extremely poor design . Should be taken off the market.I would n't even rate it -LRB- 1 -RRB- start -0 - + : - -LRB-
 These collars are truly beautiful , but the elastic of the band did not last a week . Within days of normal wear -LRB- we did take the collars off at night when we put them in their crates for bed time -RRB- , the elastic had streched out and instead of nice fitting the collars were loose and dangling . That would have been a danger and at that point the dogs could have gotten them caught on something . We bought two of them , one Small and X-Small . Our dogs are not rough and just wore the collars , never scratched at the collars or snagged them on anything that would distort the shape . Will not buy this type of collar again .
 I guess for the price I should n't have expected much but I was suprised that there was so elastic . This is less like a collar and more like a necklace .
 before you buy consider arm room for dog . What 's needed is stretch knit arms . My dog could n't walk well .
 One must put front legs through sleeves , very difficult to do and uncomfortable for the dog . Over all bad design .
 Material is real cheap !!! Doesnt keep my baby warm ! I need to put a sweater on her under the coat !! To keeo her from shaking !
 My daughter picked out this cage for her 2 dwarf hamsters . The second night she had them , one of the hamsters managed to get her head between the bars by the clip on the door . Although the bars in most of the cage are close enough together to be safe , there is a space beside the clip on each of the doors where a dwarf hamster can get her head out . The hamster died . We have since taped up the area around the clip to prevent the second hamster from doing the same . The other hamster seems to be enjoying the cage , but she misses her sister ! -LRB- Also the wheel is very noisy -- you 'll want to buy the Silent Spinner or other quieter wheel . -RRB-
 This item took longer than expected to arrive , and when it finally did i was extremely disappointed in the contents . the wire cage and base itself are fine . The wheel and ladder are not as they appear in the picture . The house was broken and covered in some kind of black film that i ca n't scrub off . There are no directions only pictures ! The wheel seems to have pretty sharp edges and so does the house . I 'm going to request replacement parts and hope for the best i suppose . Overall i thought this was a deal for the cost , but it turns out its worth exactly what you pay , which is not much .
 before you buy consider arm room for dog . What 's needed is stretch knit arms . My dog could n't walk well .
 One must put front legs through sleeves , very difficult to do and uncomfortable for the dog . Over all bad design .
 Material is real cheap !!! Doesnt keep my baby warm ! I need to put a sweater on her under the coat !! To keeo her from shaking !
 If you dont already know , you CAN NOT put hamsters in round cages.Hamsters use corners as landmarks and they go crazy if you put them in round cages
 Tried gradually introducing this in with his favorite foods including yogurt in a 1:3 mix . Kitty never really liked it . I then tried full strength-still no effect . I am now left with 11 unused cans . Plus , these are really large cans and I do n't see my portly 11-pound kitty eating even quarter of this can at any one time -LRB- even he took a liking to it -RRB- . Which means you will have to store this in a refrigerator until the second use . The first can I opened gathered mold when I left the half empty can in the closet .
 This cage is absolutely TERRIBLE . DO NOT BUY this cage for your pet . I 'm extremely upset right now . My poor black bear hamster broke his right front leg and dislocated his shoulder two days ago because of this cage . His foot got stuck in one of the holes as he was trying to get to the bottom level and I found him stuck hanging with his leg twisted horrifically . It was awful . I feel terrible that I did n't foresee the danger and get him out of that cage before this happened but I 'm even more upset at the manufacturer of this product . This product obviously was NOT given proper consideration by the company that made it . I 'm so upset that my 21/2 year old hamster has to spend his remaining time in such misery . I took him to the vet and they said the injury is too severe to fix , that the best we can hope for is that it will heal enough to where he can just drag that leg around with him . I feel so incredibly terrible.Save yourself and your pet 's anguish and DO NOT BUY THIS CAGE !!!!
 This is poorly made , has sharp edges , and it 's not even worth a one - star rating . The biggest disappointment I 've ever encountered .
 This is the worst cage I have ever bought , I wish I could give it a zero . It 's only appropriate for small mice or dwarf and robovski hamsters . My syrian got stuck in the opening of the little house , panicked and and almost hurt himself . The ramps are too short and give way when he steps on them . Since the openings are positioned above each other , he fell from the very top to the very bottom . The exercise wheel is too small and , because the sides are curved , no other bigger wheels will fit . The feeding trays are tiny and the water is difficult to get at . This cage looks well designed but it 's not . I 'm so mad !
 I bought this cage at my local pet store for my first Syrian hamster . The other reviewers are right . Do NOT purchase for a Syrian . The cage is too small . I immediately took out the house and put in a natural one at the bottom . The food containers are too small and hard to get in and out so I bought a ceramic bowl . I also bought a better water bottle . The wheel is too small and the raised areas to make it easier to run on are sharp . The ramps are too steep . We had to drill holes for the second level 's ramp so hammie could get a good grip . The plastic removable level tabs are small and could easily snap off if you try to take the level out to clean -LRB- I do n't know I just clean with a sponge inside -RRB- . You can not put a bigger wheel in unless you are extremely creative . We managed to get a bigger 81/2 wheel in there but seriously , buy a bigger , non-round cage . This one is awful . We will be upgrading when we have a bit more money .
 The squeakers were good until I put them in a toy and then they lost their squeak within 2 days . The larger squeakers may be better , but I have n't tried them .
 Not sure if size matters when it comes to squeakers but the small ones I purchased are very thin and getting only about 20-30 squeaks before dying . Pack of 6 lasted my doggies 3 days . Maybe the larger ones are thicker and last longer .
 I bought this item from Amazon to use for my Bichon Frise as a car travel case , While we frequently take him with us , we used the case only a few times to contain him in a safe area . Last evening we brought the Bichon to a small gathering and I put him in the carrier so that I could eat my dinner while he was safe as well as out of the reach of the group . Within 5 minutes I watched as my 7.5 pound dog walked freely among the gathering . He had ripped the screening in one area of the case and ripped out a three cornered piece , gaining his freedom . Fortunately this was a very safe place but I can not imagine the havoc that could have happened should this have happened anywhere else . It is too late to return the product , all packaging is gone as is the shipping information . The problem has nothing to do with Amazon , I will continue my relationship with them ! But I will not purchase anything else from the manufacturer and would advise everyone else to avoid a purchase of this item .
 My dogs love these treats , and I do buy them occasionally because they are cheap and perched at the check-out counter of our local garden/feed store . But check out the ingredient list -- I do n't think anyone can feel good about feeding their dog high-fructose corn syrup ! Just not the healthiest option -- when so many of our dogs are overweight , it seems better to feed them a real liver treat , versus this product which is `` made with liver '' . My dogs absolutely lovePro-Treat Beef Liver , Freeze Dried 14 Ounce -LRB- the larger size packages are more economical -RRB- . I just feel a lot better about feeding real freeze-dried liver that does n't have all the extra junk in Bil-Jac liver treats.Specifically , these treats have chicken `` by-products '' -- that means liquid slaughterhouse run-off and other non-human grade leftovers from the slaughterhouse . UGH ! Bil-Jac also includes three preservatives , glycerin -LRB- ?! -RRB- , and the corn syrup . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Here 's the ingredient list for Bil-Jac liver treats , so you can make your own decision : Liver , Chicken By-Products , Chicken By-Product Meal , Corn , Chicken Fat , Glycerin , High Fructose Corn Syrup , Propylene Glycol , Wheat Flour , Phosphoric Acid , Salt , Sodium Propionate and Potassium Sorbate and BHA and Citric Acid -LRB- Preservatives -RRB- , Iron Oxide .
 I bought this dog food because the bag showed pictured of veggies and chunks of meat , and with a name like `` Beneful '' I thought I was purchasing a nutritious brand of dog food . My dogs did eat this food , but after reading the ingredients I completely regret purchasing it and feel just awful for feeding it to my dogs . The first three ingredients are Ground yellow corn , chicken by-product meal , and corn gluten meal . How disgusting is that ?! The main ingredient is a corn filler . One thing my vet told me a while back that I never forgot
 I bought this cage for my 1 year old rabbit ... He got his teeth caught in between the plastic and the metal where the cage snaps together ... He lost one of his teeth and the bled all over the place and died of shock in my arms -LRB- most of which my 3 yr old witnessed -RRB- ... I must warn against buying these types of snap together cages ... This has been a horrible experience for me and my family ... And I want to be sure another sweet bunny does not meet the same fate as our baby did .
 Great discount ; however , the discount is likely because this product is MADE IN CHINA ! Do not buy chicken products made in CHINA or you are risking your dog 's health .
 As I write this I am wearing a dust mask as it is the only way I can be in my house since purchasing this product after distributing the contents to aquariums throughout my house.I am sure this is a fine product based on the reviews , but it literally almost killed me and the remaining debris left in the house from this product continues to affect my breathing to this day.Do a Google search for `` freeze dried bloodworm allergy '' and you 'll get 110,000 hits.This stuff has sent people to the E.R. . If you 're older or live alone without someone to drive you to the E.R. this product can literally kill you.In my case I ground up the bloodworms and dumped them into automatic feeders for my 3 aquariums so my fish would be fed during our family vacation . I usually feed our fish frozen bloodworms and had only read the 5 star reviews for this product . I should have researched it better.If you read the fine print there is a warning label on the product that some people may experience allergic reactions to the contents.It was never obvious to me that this product could potentially put myself and my family in a life threatening situation.As I ground up the contents I started sneezing uncontrollably , probably 20 or 50 times . My eyes swelled shut and I began to have difficulty breathing . I finished the job and distributed the food throughout the house , thinking I 'd simply gotten `` too close '' to the dust from this stuff and would be fine once it was in the automatic feeding containers .6 weeks later and I am still feeling the effects . Still wearing a dust mask in order to breath in our house and I 've discarded all the products , washed the automatic feeding containers , sealed them in ziplock bags , I 've vacuumed , mopped , I 've washed out all of our air filters , wiped down all surfaces , etc. . I 'm a 33 year old guy who works out and eats generally healthy and this stuff has taken me down to my knees . I 've had kidney stones and migraines my whole life so I know serious pain/suffering . I 'd rather have a migraine than try to sleep while feeling like I 'm being suffocated to death in my own bed.Now we are hiring a cleaning company that specializes in detoxifying houses exposed to allergens and will have spent at least $ 800 - $ 1,000 in medical bills and cleaning bills not to mention the time we 've spent trying to remedy this situation.I put this one star review here as a warning to anyone considering this product . 1 out of 50 people statistically will react negatively to this product . Even more will develop allergies over time and may not even make the connection.I 've lost sleep , I 've missed work days , I 've thought I was dying , I thought I had pneumonia , I 've put my kids at risk since they may share similar allergies , etc. I ca n't say that about any other product I 've ordered from Amazon . This product literally almost killed me.Use with caution . I should have gone to the ER after my first reaction and I 'm just happy to be alive considering what I 've been through since this stuff arrived in our house .
 I thought that this would convert any carrier - it ONLY snaps on to one -LRB- Italian -RRB- brand of carrier . If you do n't have that carrier , you 're wasting your money , like I did .
 I bought this carrier because my cats do n't always want to come out . I found the door on top was too small to remove my adult cats and the door on the front opens in a way that partially blocks the opening , making it difficult to reach in and bring my cats out . Otherwise it is very sturdily built and if you have a small animal it would be OK .
 THE ASSEMBLY INSTRUCTIONS OR LACK OF WERE SO SMALL I NEEDED A MAGNIFYING GLASS TO READ THEM.THE TECHNICAL WRITER OR ENGINEER WHO WROTE THESE INSTRUCTIONS SHOULD HAVE TRIED THEM BEFORE GOING INTO PRODUCTION . NOT USER FRIENDLY.THE HANDLE LOOKS TO BE VERY WEAK AND MAY EASILY BREAK , NOT THE BEST DESIGN OR QUALITY .
 I really did n't like this product too well . The doors/top were very hard to open/close and one of my cats escaped from it .
 Certainly looks good , however it came without assembly instructions and lots of small parts . I emailed the manufacturer for instructions and received them , but I ca n't yet make sense of them . Good luck with yours ! Update
 We bought this as a second biological filter for our 1000 gallon Koi pond . The media inside our waterfall is our original -LRB- and primary -RRB- bio filter . However , the five 6-8 '' Koi that we stocked the pond with years ago have now grown to about 2 feet long . They eat a ton and `` pollute '' the water like crazy so we decided to add a bit more mechanical and biological filtration . We bought a second pump -LRB- Laguna MaxFlo 3000GPH -RRB- along with this Laguna bio filter . This new pump is in bottom of deepest part of pond -LRB- 3.5 ' -RRB- and circulates water through separate above-ground UV sterilizer and then to this Laguna bio filter which then empties back into pond . As another viewer noted , it was a hassle to find hosing that would fit the output connections of this filter . Seems to be an odd or irregular size . Regular pond hosing did n't fit so had to spend a lot of time and MUCH more $ $ $ than should be necessary to get hose that would fit and survive the elements.As far as the actual performance of this bio filter ... I have to say I 'm unimpressed . The cost of it is low compared to others that I considered which is why I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 . What I like ? - The price - Easy enough to clean . Bottom plug removes in order to drain . Lift-out compartments can be quickly hosed off.Some other bio filters are set up for easy flushing and cleaning , but cost considerably more.What I do n't like ? - It 's sort of flimsy -LRB- we laid some flat concrete pads behind the landscaping in order to level filter box andgive it some stability -RRB- - I do n't like the filtering media provided -LRB- it keeps disappearing through the output hoses -RRB- . Will replacewith better option . - Lid does n't fit snugly enough . - If you are n't careful in making sure that the two output flows are removing water from the filter at a rateequal to -LRB- or greater than -RRB- water coming in , the excess water will just spill out from under lid ... and drain your pond . - The already mentioned problem with finding output hosing to fit . I ended up having to spend $ 35 for 4.5 ' of outputhosing . - I feel that the engineering of the filter input/output and compartments is not optimal . If I do n'tclean it out at least once a week , too much dead algae and other gunk settles in the bottom . I generally onlyclean out our other biological filter -LRB- BioFalls -RRB- no more than 2-3 times a year . In order to keep the goodbacteria operating at peak , the media needs water/oxygen circulating over it constantly . If water circulatestoo fast , the bacteria does n't have enough time to do its stuff . But in the case of this bio filter , itappears to me that there is too much lower area in the box where the water does n't circulate or move thewater . As a result , the dead algae -LRB- from the UV sterilizer -RRB- and other small debris just settles in bottomand slowly decays .
 2white mesh filters do not catch enough fine matter , ie algae . Purchased a different filter material for more fine filtration . Second filter slot does not do much for filtration , so i havE loaded bio material in there instead . The filter is ok , but I was expecting a better result . Definitely needs to be cleaned EVERY DAY !
 I just got this cage today for my robo hamster . It looked very nice , but when setting it up -LRB- for the first time -RRB- some of the plastic cracked ! Then when attaching the bars they would not go into place at all and kept falling out of place . The doors are also weak . For it 's price it 's not bad though . I would n't pay more than $ 20 either .
 We recently adopted an obese pet and were looking for healthy dog food that could help him lose weight . The ingredients seemed great , but this food made our dog vomit daily and have very soft bowel movements 5-7 times per day ! The food did little to help with weight reduction -LRB- even with all the vomiting -RRB- , and we eventually had to switch to a veterinarian-prescribed food instead . -LRB- Note
 I was feeding my dog the Complete Wellness but decided that she needed to watch her weight so I started feeding her this weight one . She started vomiting daily . I figured it was probably the food since it started happening right around the time we got her on the new one . I took her to the vet just in case and the vet agreed that I should stop feeding her this food and put her on a bland diet for 5 days . Once she stopped eating this food , she was fine . I 'm going to be switching her to a new brand because I 'm hearing some sketchy things about Wellness .
 I recently ran low on Castor & Pollux Organix Adult Less Active Canine Formula Dry Dog Food and it was unavailable with Prime shipping at the time , so I ordered this brand . I 've been mixing the two together to increase my dog 's acceptance , but she now has not eaten for three days straight . I suppose that is an alternate strategy for weight reduction , but neither of us is happy , and the food was really expensive . My dog does not recommend this dog food . She preferred the Organix .
 We have a large ornamental pond with a pool type filtering system . We keep the water clear and chemically balanced and bought this foam insert to filter particulates that may drop in the water . Unfortunately , when we tried to rinse it a week after it was installed , it just simply fell apart . Maybe it will work in a different environment , but for us it was a waste of money - absolutely of no use at .
 This item is not the foam pad type filter , it is just the foam pad !! It does n't say anywhere in the description that this is just filter media . it should be listed as filter media . not as a foam pad external filter .
 My cat has loved Petromalt for years . Eagerly licked it off my fingers as his `` treat . `` With the new , changed formula , he sniffs it and walks away.There was no reason to change this formula . I am now researching new products.Be wary before you buy this -LRB- not -RRB- improved product .
 My mother had a tube of Petromalt lying around the house for her cats as long as I can remember . So when I moved out , and got cats of my own , I purchased Petromalt , also . My cats always came running for it . Boy , not any more ! I thought the tube looked different . They run the other way ! I just looked this up on the internet and ca n't believe what I am reading ! OK , Sentry . Nobody 's cats like your new formulation ! I am sure the change was all about money . Now I will go in search of something my cats will actually eat . Thanks for throwing away a good thing !
 My cat wo n't even go near the stuff , probably because it smells like a mixture of soy sauce and pickle juice . . not to mention it 's got the consistency of pine tar . It gets EVERYWHERE . She 'll eventually lick it off her paw , but I can tell it 's only because it 's annoying her . To the people who said their cats love it , thanks for confirming that my cat is weird . Do n't waste your money without some kind of trial , first . See if you can borrow some from a friend , or something . Do n't dive in an purchase this stuff without knowing it will work .
 We have been buying this product for years . This last time we received it , it was very soft and sticky . If you tried to put some on your finger it would run off . When our cats tried it they ran off too . This was a great product not sure why the manufacturer changed it ...
 I was very happy with the old Petromalt formula . Cat 's liked it and it helped with hairballs as described , but now ... The had to go and put corn syrup in it ! Horrible ! Corn syrup is a nasty by-product that is being put into all kinds of foods these days . Why ? Big Ag profits big given all the corn subsides from the government which has led to an overproduction of , you guessed it , corn ! So what do they do with all this extra corn ? Find new and exciting ways to use it , hence the addition of corn syrup and all its insulin spiking nastiness into just about everything `` edible . '' Now they 're sneaking it into our pet products . Underhanded . Diabolical . Unacceptable ! I will not buy this product again unless they switch back to the old formula and that 's all there is to it . Sorry kitties ... I hope to find something better for you before we run out of the old Petromalt .
 Like other reviews state here , the formula has been changed . My cat always loved Petromalt but they changed the formula and my cat wo n't go near it anymore . I called the company and got an arrogant response saying `` yes '' the formula WAS changed but they could n't care less . Do n't buy this product anymore ... it 's over !! Called my Vet and they recommended `` Laxatone '' ... so I bought it at PetCo . It 's drips and it 's `` gooey '' but my cat will eat it . She likes the formula but it 's messy so I put in on her paws ... she laps it up . Goodbye , Petromalt !!
 The formula has been changed and the lead ingredient is now corn syrup . Although they adored the previous formula , my cats wo n't eat the new formula . I 'll have to cruise the stores looking for old tubes I guess . I hope Sentry will make note of my and other complaints on their formula change .
 While Petromalt was off the shelves , I tried another hairball product and hated it because it was runny goo . I could n't get a nice glob on my finger , and put it in my cat 's mouth , like I used to do with Petromalt . Now , Petromalt is back in stock and it 's also runny goo !!! The cats wo n't eat it on their own , and I ca n't keep it on my finger ... it just runs off . It 's a waste of money and a huge mess . I still have some Nutramalt by the same company , which is the PERFECT consistency . My cats will eat that but I now need to find a new hairball medicine .
 My cats loved the old formula ... thought it was a treat . Now they refuse to eat this . Its runny and messy .
 This was a different formula than the Petromalt Malt Flavored Cat Hairball treatment that I purchased at a local pet store that my cats loved . They would not touch this version . I am getting a refund from , the manufacturer .
 The new formula is terrible . Corn syrup is now the main ingredient ! My cat who used to go wild over the old stuff wo n't touch it !!!!!!!!!!! Is the company insane ? Do they know anything about cats ? Have they ever met a cat ? If your cat likes something , you DO NOT change anything about it . Cats are the most finicky eaters on earth ! They are also the most discerning . My cat smelled the stuff looked at me as if to say , `` you got ta be kidding , you think I 'm gon na eat this crap ! `` I hear the company took a huge hit as other people and their cats have had the same experience and they will re-introduce the original sometime in the coming new year . They better!Dumbest company decision since New Coke!Sentry HC Petromalt Malt Flavored Cat Hairball Treatment , 4.4-Ounce
 The new company that now sells petromalt changed the recipe and my cats HATE it.They used to crowd around wanting their weekly dose , but now they scatter and run when they see the tube!I switched to LaxatoneLaxatone 4.25 oz tubeColbetz Himalayan CatteryColbetz.com
 As many others have stated , they have recently changed the formula . I thought maybe it was runny because it was warmer , but checking ingredients against the old one shows the same problem . I ca n't understand how a company can be so greedy to try to save a few cents by switching ingredients and packaging , putting millions of pets at risk . It is truly unconscionable . I am going around to all the pet stores around today to see if I can find the original and buy them all up .
 My cats have willingly taken Petromalt for over 6 years , and I ordered a new batch a couple of months ago from Amazon after not being able to find it in PetSmart any longer . They have completely changed EVERYTHING about it . It used to be a nice thick paste and it is now runny and goupy . The main ingredient is now CORN SYRUP -LRB- was barley syrup -RRB- . My cats both refuse to even consider licking it , and I can not in good faith force-feed them corn syrup , which we all know is bad for blood pressure , blood sugar , and other reasons . Gon na throw it away and begin the tedious process of finding a replacement product . So long , Petromalt ... you might as well close up shop !
 This company ruined its product by changing the formula . It is absolutely useless to me now , and I wo n't buy it again . Sentry , if you 're reading , I beg you
 After several phone calls to Sentry about the negative results of the `` new '' formula Malt Petromalt , I was informed that Sentry was going back to the original formula due after the first of the year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . Although I was promised a refund for my tube , I still have never received details to complete the transaction . Recently I did receive a voice mail from Sentry CR offering me the original formulated fish flavor Petromalt ... for my rabbit . That would certainly be a first if she liked it . I have been able to search all the local pet stores for old dusty original products . Found one.Hope Sentry gets the new `` old stuff '' on the shelf soon . BtW - Sentry says Petomalt is not for rabbits even though my vet highly recommended it .
 I bought this when Petromalt was made by Virbac and it worked wonderfully ! I had used Laxatone , however my cats usually threw that up . Since Seagents took this over the remedy does not slightly stick to my finger and when I try to place in the cats mouth or when he licks it , the ribbon now falls on the floor . Virbacs had some `` stick '' to it allowing me to place it in the feline 's mouth , this does not and I have tried 3 lots from 3 stores . The search is on for a new remedy .
 I was quite surprised when I received a package in the mail from Sentry . I had an `` Original '' formula tube of Petromalt in it . Wow I thought this is great . I have been searching for tubes everywhere I go and horde the few I have.I read the ingredients and it differs from the original packaging of ingredients . After mineral oil , the next ingredient is petroleum . Petroleum is n't mentioned on the tubes I have . As I see it this is not the original formula . My vet said it 's not recommended to use petroleum so I have thrown it away . Thanks Sentry for trying but no cigar .
 While this is a much inferior product when compared to the original Petromalt , it does still work for the intended purpose . The trick is handling the runny , sticky , gooey mess the new product has become and making it palatable to the cat . Unfortunately , I 've found no suitable substitute , most competitive products being a similar mess.First , refrigerate the Petromalt . This will allow you to handle it more easily and appears to appeal more to the cat , since it attenuates the stickiness which seems to confound their efforts to eat it . Take a small plate or saucer and get a layer of cold water in it , which helps prevent the product sticking to the plate . Squeeze out some Petromalt and use a utensil , like a knife , to cut a portion off at the nozzle , into the plate . Shove a few kibble treats into the Petromalt and serve immediately , before it warms and becomes gooey.I make no excuses for the manufacturer , but I 've found this technique at least makes the product usable .
 I 've been using Petromalt for the last 10 years , and my cats have always loved it . They wo n't eat the new formula - when I tried mixing it with their food , they rejected the food.Time to switch to a different brand .
 The new Petromalt formula is absolutely useless and their customer service operators are only following a script . As long-time faithful consumers of Petromalt , the most effective solution may be to get Sentry 's attention by poking them where it hurts the most ... profits . Consumers do have a way of showing a company that making a quality product can be more profitable than making a cheap product . It would be inappropriate for me to tell you what to do -LRB- wink , wink -RRB- but I 'll keep buying Petromalt from various stores . If the tube contains the useless new formula then I 'll return it . The store will not be able to resell it because I 'll have to remove the foil safety seal to check the contents . The store will have to return it to Sentry for a refund . If this happens enough times then the store 's buyer will tell Sentry to either fix the problem or they 'll stop ordering the product . This is a lot like the story of New Coke versus Classic Coke but nobody 's health depends on drinking Coke . Our pets ' health depends on a good hairball remedy .
 My Cat will not go near this stuff . I even put some on her favorite treats and she wo n't touch them . Also , even if she did like it , I would n't want to get this goup all over my hands everytime I feed it to her . It 's messy stuff.If my Gram 's cats don ' l like this , I 'll definitely be returning .
 I have been using Petromalt on my multi-cat household since 1989 . For a few weeks , I have not been able to find it anywhere ... either in stores or online . FINALLY ! I found it . The container looked identical and I ordered 6 tubes . They came today and I immediately opened one tube and tried to feed it to my cat Minnow , who if given the chance , would nurse on the tube until it was all gone . They are each allowed a strip after I trim their nails as a TREAT . Minnow sniffed it and walked away . WHAT?THEY CHANGED THE RECIPE from Barley Malt Syrup , Glycerin , Acacia and Thiamine HCl to CORN SYRUP , Barley Malt Extract and 9 other ingredients that I can not pronounce . The packaging LOOKS EXACTLY THE SAME ! There was no mention anywhere of the ingredients having been changed or `` new and improved '' or updated formula or ANYTHING!I am highly allergic to corn . I can not breathe right now and in about 30 minutes I will have a migraine that will last several days just from being around the smell of it for about 45 seconds while I was trying to feed it to Minnow.Call it bait and switch , or false advertising or pure laziness , DO NOT BUY PETROMALT ! Or , maybe the company will change it back to it 's original formula . I have looked on every single pet site and no one has the original Petromalt.Naahhh . That will never happen . Corn is GMO , industrialized `` corn '' -LRB- thanks , Monsanto ! -RRB- , subsidized with 50 Billion dollars of our tax money per year and industrial corn is so polluted that everyone should and needs to be informed . But I am only one person and I am trying to tell YOU to look into this issue yourself . Most of what you eat -LRB- except HFCS -RRB- is `` sweet corn '' . Pity my cats will now get to have homemade `` petromalt '' but I will find a recipe that will work for them . And , hey ... YOU , company ! If you have any of the `` old '' Petromalt laying around , I 'll buy every single tube you have left . SENTRY
 I use -LRB- and have for many years on the advice of my veterinarian -LRB- and the House Rabbit Society -RRB- for my rabbits . Cats can `` cough up '' hairballs - rabbits can not . They end up with obstructions that can kill them ! So , I have faithfully been using PetroMalt for years to PREVENT hairballs for my rabbits.The rabbit currently using it loved it -LRB- actually came begging for it 3 times a day and ate it from the tube !!! - REALLY -RRB- . When I got my new shipment I saw it was now in a plastic tube versus a metal one - not big deal until I tried to give it to my rabbit ! She would n't touch it ! From begging for it previously she now would n't even go beyond sniffing it and turning away - we tried all sorts of things thinking it was just the consistency -LRB- much more runny than the old formula -RRB- - that was n't it - she would just sniff it and take off!My husband contacted the company that makes PetroMalt and they kept saying nothing had changed and finally at the end of the conversation said they had changed the formula and that it was a `` bad batch '' but sold it anyway . They told him that they will be making a `` new '' batch by the end of the year.I was really concerned as my rabbit is shedding a lot right now due to high temps here and wo n't eat the new stuff - I started calling all the pet shops and feed stores in my area and no one had the old formula and said they had not been able to get any product for 6 months and were happy to get what they had - I finally found 1 tube of the old formula and bought it -LRB- was not able to find any more than that or I would have bought it -RRB- - my rabbit IMMEDIATELY ate it right out of the tube !!!! I AM NOT HAPPY ABOUT THIS !! MY RABBIT IS NOT HAPPY ABOUT IT AND THINKS SHE IS GETTING GYPPED OUT OF HER GOODIES -LRB- ONE THAT IS HELPING KEEP HER HEALTHY !!! -RRB- Yes , the new formula has CORN SYRUP as a main ingredient , and a bunch of other garbage in it!I -LRB- and my rabbit !! -RRB- want the old formula back ASAP !!!!!!!!
 I 'd rate this 0/5 stars if I could , because this garbage is unusable.We 've been happily buying malt-flavored Petromalt for our pets for many years . The past few years , though , it 's been increasingly harder to find in stores , so I 'd just order a couple of tubes online every now and then . No big deal ... until this past order.The formula has been completely changed and my cats hate it . I mean , they really HATE IT . They will not even lick it , much less eat it , much less beg for it and greedily devour it straight from the tube like they used to with the old formula . No joke -- they all treat this new formula like it 's poison.This has , practically overnight , gone from an outstanding product my pets always LOVED , and which I used to enthusiastically recommend to friends/family/coworkers to something which my cats literally wo n't even touch.I 'm extremely disappointed that the product my pets have always loved is no longer available -- because , make no mistake
 We 've been buying Petromalt for our cats for years . One especially loves it and would take as much as offered . When our supply ran low -LRB- I typically order 10 2oz tubes at a time -RRB- I ordered a dozen . We opened the first of those a few days ago and the cats refused it outright . In fact they walked away in disgust . Checking the package , it 's been reformulated with more moisture content and other changes . The box is nearly identical -LRB- although the tube is now plastic -RRB- but the contents no longer meet with the cat 's approval . We 're now stuck with 12 tubes of the stuf . We called Sentry about returning the unused tubes and are still waiting for return authorization . The phone rep said there had been a lot of complaints . Be aware when you order that your cats may not be amused.Update
 With the purchase of one tube this product went from 5 stars to 1 star . Two of my three cats loved it and looked forward to the ` treat ' everyday . Like others , I also noticed right away the different packaging and consistency of the product . The new recipe sort of poured itself out of the tube as soon as I opened it and made a goopy mess . I keep a couple of tubes around to make sure I do n't run out as it is not easy to find in stock . I happen to have one of the tubes with the old recipe still on hand so I opened it and saw they still love it . I googled ` Petromalt changed reciepe ' and just had to chime in about this product when I saw my suspicions were right . I share the sentiments of other users who experienced the same . Very poor consumer relations to not even advise customers of the change on the package .
 I , too , purchased Petromalt online when I could no longer find it in my regular pet stores . I use it daily as a treat for an elderly cat when she gets pilled and she actually begs for it.The old formula was thick and could be squeezed out of the tube in a ribbon . The new formula , in a new plastic tube , is much a thinner consistency and almost runny . It is impossible to squeeze out a ribbon cleanly without leaving a long drippy strand and the tube requires constant cleaning.After using the old formula daily for multiple years , my cat just sniffs this and walks away.I would not have purchased it had I known the formula had changed and have switched to a different brand -LRB- Laxatone -RRB- that is not messy and that my cat now prefers.I think Melinda covered the rest of the issues .
 I just bought the family size tube and it is now in a plastic tube , not metal . The ingredients are now different . My cats just sniffed and walked away when I gave it to them . Normally they love this stuff and I used to give it to them every morning and it seemed to really help with the hairballs . Now I have to try to find another product . Thanks Sentry for changing what worked : -LRB-
 I too have been giving Petromalt malt flavor hairball remedy to my cats for years . This is why I did not scroll down to read any of the reviews when I made my last purchase of 2 family size tubes a month or so ago . My cats loved this stuff and received it daily after a good comb-out . They always looked forward to it . One of them sampled -LRB- the new formula -RRB- and was immediatly discusted by it . He pulled his mouth away from the tube and strings of the stuff hung down from his mouth . Of course he shook his head to try and get the stuff off of his mouth and it flung everywhere . Now I was discusted by it . It is very sticky and runny now . The other cat would n't even touch it . Just removing the cap causes strings of the stuff to stretch between the cap and the tube . Of course , I compared the ingredients to my spent tube of the product and am appalled by the addtion of corn syrup . Luckily I was able to obtain 8 small tubes of the original formula by visiting 2 Petcos in my area . But I paid the price for it ! This product is twice the price -LRB- or more -RRB- if you do not buy it on Amazon . This is no longer an issue since I wo n't buy it again.I initially tried to email my complaints to Sentry but the email form they provide on their website does not allow enough characters to say what needed to be said . It also did n't tell me how many characters I needed to delete to be within the maximum character count . So I wasted plenty of time trying to edit my complaint to fit their form . I was not successful in this . They also did n't provide their email address on the website so that I could email them using my own email provider . So , I experienced further frustration and inconvience at this company 's hand by having to contact them either via phone or the good ol USPS . I chose the USPS and received a response within 2 weeks . They offered coupons for their products or a refund of my purchase with instructions on how to obtain either .
 Yes , I too have been searching for the origianl Petromalt as my kitty requires it daily . The original tube has a small cap , not the big plastic cap on their newer version . I too called Sentry and originally he said the ingrediants did not change , but a lot of consumers have been complaining about their pets suddenly `` turning their nose up '' to this newer type product . It 's even runny and wo n't stay on my finger well like the original . He stated that Sentry is revising the product and should have it back on the market by the beginning of the year . Not sure if we 'll know if it 's the revised product if they do n't note it on the packaging or alter their current packaging . Very frustrated !!!!!!
 Melinda Lucas has it exactly correct . The new Petromalt formulation for cats is horrible . Purchased 6 , 4.4 oz . tubes on Oct 1 , 2011 , assuming -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- that I was getting the `` Real McCoy '' . I would have given this new formulation zero stars if possible . Have been using Petromalt for decades , and my cats would beg for it as soon as they saw the tube . They wo n't touch the new formulation which is a drastically different chemical cocktail . My neighbors cats wo n't touch it either , and they have also used the previous formulation with great success . Sentry gave no indication on the packaging that it was a new formulation . The packaging states `` The Original Hairball Relief for Cats '' . This is not the original by any means , but I doubt that they can be legally taken to task . I will no longer purchase any Sergeant 's Pet Care Products . The hunt is now on for an alternate .
 Per comments from another reviewer I had hoped the manufacturer of Petromalt had returned - in early 2012 - to the recipe that had been popular for at least the last few years -LRB- which is the product I was familiar with -RRB- , before the recent complaints started . I ordered 3 tubes from Amazon on Mar 12 , 2012 and the product is as bad I have read in some recent reviews . The ingredients did not match what I saw online ; corn syrup now being the main ingredient . The gel is not as solid as before and it comes out of the tube -LRB- which now has a larger opening -RRB- in a looser , stickier mess that it used to -LRB- when barley malt syrup was used , although I 'm not sure if that 's the only difference -RRB- . Only one of our cats does n't like the new recipe , but it 's so much messier that I do n't think I 'll order it again .
 Again , we have been using this product for 12 years . Now all I get is a fussy feline 'cause she wo n't touch this stuff . We also got a 2 oz . tube of the original stuff when we complained , and now that is almost gone . How about I send you a recording of my cat fussing for her treat ? Maybe that will teach you to mess with a good thing !
 My cat used to love that product but since the new formula -LRB- w / a large plastic cap -RRB- it wo n't touch it . Not to mention how difficult it is to get it out , that sticky stuff is awful . I bought this product late in November and since I am looking for a similar product , no luck so far . .
 My cat seems to like the flavor but it is much too thick and solid for my cat the lick easily . I will not buy this again , it might be better for dogs who will chew the ointment .
 I 've been buying Petromalt -LRB- malt flavor -RRB- for over ten years and my cats have always considered it a treat . However , after my most recent purchase the first thing I noticed was the new tube ... oh , great ... another plastic product for the world to dispose of ! But the real surprise came when I tried to give some to my cats . Instead of a neat ribbon , out glopped a runny mess like some form of cheap caramel ! I tried to balance it at the end of my fingers but after a quick sniff my cats took off to avoid any encounter with it!After comparing the list of ingredients on the back of the old box -LRB- which I 'd kept -RRB- with that of the new , a clearer picture emerged . The old formula had a total of 5 ingredients while the new formula has 11 -LRB- a few of which are of the ` hard to pronounce ' variety -RRB- ! The main ingredient in the new formula is CORN SYRUP ! Seriously !? I contacted customer service -LRB- non-emergency # -RRB- listed on the box . While the representative I spoke with was very polite , he told me that the formula had n't been changed . When I informed him that I had both the old and new version of the ingredients in front of me , I was asked to be put on hold . After a few minutes he was back on the line and replied that the formula had , indeed , been changed but they were in the process of switching back to the original . I 'm imagining this is due to all the consumer complaints you can find online ! When I inquired as to when it could be expected back in the stores , he informed me `` after the current supply has been exhausted . '' So ... if the majority of customers are complaining and are n't buying the ` new ' Petromalt ... how long will it have to set on a store 's shelves before they pull it ? Seems like this should be more of a voluntary recall than a ` let 's wait and see ' scenario.Maybe if we , as consumers , start informing the stores where we 've purchased Petromalt that it 's unacceptable in its current incarnation along with the particulars , the businesses will in turn contact Sentry HC to have their supply replaced with the ORIGINAL that is supposedly in production.If you 've experienced similar problems with Petromalt , please call their customer service number to lodge a complaint ... seems it 's the only way we might get a decent product back in the stores ! Strength in numbers ... here 's hoping !
 I 've been using Petromalt for years now and my two cats love it ... or I should say USED to love it . Now , with the new tube and new formula they actually run from it . They knew before I did that something was n't right ... then I had an old tube lying around and compared the ingredients ... totally different ! My cats were smart enough to run ! I 'm going to return these two tubes I purchased and never buy Petromalt again !!! I 'm on the lookout for a comparable brand out there to the old Petromalt ingredients ... anyone that has any suggestions I 'm all ears !
 I purchased this in October 2011 and noticed it was very ` watery ' . My cats used to love it and now would not eat it . I called the 800 number to complain . They asked if I would like a call back from someone at the company . I said yes and received a call in a couple of days . The company representative was very friendly and informative . She stated that her company had bought the company the owned Petromalt but they would not sell the recipe so they had to do the best they could . Over time they were finally able to get them to sell the recipe . She told me it could take some time to get this formula ready and distributed . At that time she did not know how long that would be , maybe a year . I have contacted them once again for an update . I will let you know when I hear something from them .
 We just got a new tube of Petromalt -LRB- the one with corn syrup listed as the first ingredient -RRB- . As many others have noted , they seem to have changed the formula , no doubt in an effort to cut costs.Our cat used to really eat this stuff up , and would come running when the Petromalt tube came out.Now she absolutely hates it . My wife smeared some on her paw to try to get her to eat it and it just made her MAD.In their quest to maximize profits , many companies are trying to get away with using more corn-based materials in their foodproducts , for both pets and humans.But this cat is not having it !
 I 've been using Petromalt for a couple of years to hide one of my cat 's medications in ... nothing else worked . I just started a new tube , to find a completely different product in it . The formerly firm gel that could be easily formed around a pill is now something that becomes a runny gooey liquid in the time it takes to form it around the pill , which it then flows off of . It 's like trying to wrap a pill in warm honey.It looks like the major change is the addition of corn syrup . Why should this be in a product for cats , who lack the sweet receptor , and thus ca n't taste sugar ?
 I 've used this for years with many cats.My most recent purchase is a new formula . It 's runny goop that the cats hate ... I wasted money on several tubes.My search begins for another brand ...
 I have had plenty of success with this brand of brine shrimp hatch mix before . It 's quite easy to do it if you use one of the little hatchery boxes that you can order from Amazon -LRB- you do n't have to keep the temp at 80 degrees or adjust the pH like another reviewer said -RRB- , but I recommend buying this from a different seller . These are expired.When I ordered this from `` Science Castle '' -LRB- fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- , the packages I received had expiration dates of January 2013 on the outer packages -LRB- same as the month I purchased them -RRB- , but the inner individual packets had expiration dates of October 2012 . This happened on two separate occasions.I did n't spend enough on them to make it worth the effort to return for a refund , but I 'll be choosing a different seller from now on .
 OK it came fast but this product is not as easy as it claims . first it says `` just add water and wait . You have to add water and keep the water at at least 80 degrees and it recommend to keep Ph at a certain level . So in hence you need some kind of container that can do all of this , which i do n't have . I put the eggs in a container and put the container in my 40gal tank then waited for 2days , I seen `` some '' eggs hatch but it was still mostly eggs after 3 days . So this product is not what it claims and i am not happy with the results . Unless you have all the tools it takes to do this then do n't buy .
 Unless you plan on eating these eggs or just looking at them , you 'll be disappointed . They did n't hatch . Three packages . Millions of eggs . No brine shrimp .
 I have 6 large dogs and 2 are sensitive to kibble . Sure enough after 1 week of this kibble with their raw food they began to scratch . I realize all the ingredients looked great and are organic but our dogs still had issues with it . Just goes to show you that dogs are not kibbleavoires but fresh food omnivoires ; -RRB- You ca n't go wrong feeding a balanced species appropriate diet .
 I 'm very disappointed with this carrier . I can not use it for our 14 lb cat because the top door pops open when lifted by the handle . Then when you want to open the top door , you ca n't because of the poor design of the catches . The top metal wires are all bent up from trying to pop the top open . Seemed like a good design , but I 'm sorry I bought it .
 One of the worst designs for a carrier I 've ever experienced and the distributor 's so-called support leaves a lot to be desired . Fortunately there is a model of double door pet carrier that is much better and , as it turns out , less expensive ; however , Amazon.com does not have it . The assembly instructions may as well not exist they are so poorly done . The company could very inexpensively post a youtube video demonstration to follow that would be a vast improvement but they are not receptive to any `` innovative '' nor more efficient suggestions . So for now , I 'm still using my 25 year old Doskocil dbl door folding carrier , and I 'm awaiting the arrival of its replacement from a seller at that large auction site . The Aran3 carrier is currently being used as a very expensive , indoor sleeping quarters for one of the foster cats ; I 'm glad he likes it because I certainly do not . The design is primitive , awkward , and frustrating .
 Lady at the local pet shop recommended this for our 11-lb cats , who are very fluffy and take up a lot of space . I bought it because I needed to get one to the vet today.Picked it up by the handle , walked outside , wham ! The handle broke off , and the carrier containing my already-stressed cat fell down and bounced on the driveway.I 'm taking it back tomorrow and making certain to buy a different brand .
 I ordered this carrier because it said '' 3 double-door carrier . '' A big mistake ! It had only two doors that I could find . I was under the impression that it had two through doors to enable you to put you pet in one side and have another door at the end to '' shoo '' him out , instead of going in and grabbing you pet.I sent this back and will never order anything else from Aran until they can learn to write their descriptions clearly or show where the door are located on a sketch.It just takes a little more effort !
 I really wanted a teal collar for my dog -- you would n't believe how hard it is to find teal these days -- so I eagerly awaited the receipt of the Hamilton collar . If you look at the picture , you 'll notice that the strap of the collar actually goes through the metal circle that the leash attaches to . In all other collars , this piece is fixed on the collar . I think it would be a dangerous design flaw because it makes it more difficult to get the collar off in a hurry . Also , the plastic clasp is difficult to release . It 's hardly worth the cost of return postage or I would definitely return this collar . I do not recommend it for anyone .
 My dogs just loved the Kong Squirrels , but every time i try to buy them from Amazon , even though they are pictured I dont recieve them.I get the Beavers which my dogs do not like , they are small in body and the tail is just a flap of material . I look at the pictures and the title and order them . Twice now i have wasted money . One of the companys said Kong is not making the Squirrels anymore so know u will also get Beavers if u order from this page .
 This item is not for the squirrel , which they apparently no longer carry even though they 've got it listed for sale . They will send you a beaver which is much lower quality than the item I reordered -LRB- supposed to be the squirrel -RRB- . It took entirelypets.com -LRB- the seller -RRB- 4 days to generate a return shipping label and three weeks later I have yet to receive my refund .
 My dog loves the original Dr. Noy 's squirrel shown in the photo - it is literally the only toy she will play with and they last for a long time with normal play . I was excited to find them on this site since the store where I usually purchase them quit carrying them . I placed an order for 6 , and when they arrived they were not only a more cheaply made version , they were a different animal -LRB- chipmunk -RRB- . My dog would n't touch them . We gave them to our other puppy who quickly demolished it within 5 minutes . I contacted the company and they agreed to correct the mistake . A little while later a new box arrived - all with the same toy that did n't match the photo at all . When I contacted them again , we both agreed to cancel my order . I would not pay any kind of money for the toy that we did receive , but the toy squirrel pictured is an EXCELLENT dog toy . I wanted that one ! Now a year later I am shopping for replacement toys , and I am disappointed to find that they have not changed the photo to match the actual product that they are shipping out . Do n't waste money on these unless you do n't intend for a dog to actually play with them !
 I ordered 3 squirrels , because the one I bought before is the only stuffed toy my Lab did n't tear all the stuffings out of it on the first hour . She actually sleeps with it between her paws . It 's getting pretty dirty , so I wanted to replace it . This company sent me 3 beavers . You ca n't trust them to fill their order properly .
 The only positive thing I can say about this toy is that there was no messy stuffing to be spread all over the house and eaten . This toy was torn apart the first day . My dog tried to eat one of the legs she got free from the toy ... yikes ! I do n't see why they give you replacement squeakers ... this toy is torn up the first day and with all the holes your dog makes in the squirrel , the squeaker pouch wo n't stay in . All in all , do n't bother with this toy .
 This toy has rav reviews , so I was all over . NOT ! I received teeny tiny package in it a teeny tiny reddish thing on cardboard . No stuffing I could just feel the squeaker . Velcro , so your pup can take OUT the squeaker if they are clever enough . -LRB- Mine is -RRB- . Now I have a 13lb playful pup , she makes up games with everything and cherishes her toys . I presented it to her and she just looked at me like WHAT IS THAT , MOM ? That COULD NOT BE A TOY . Squeaking did not help it was limp and lifeless on the floor . I put the `` xtra '' squeaker in it to make it a little more interesting as there was not much too this tiny mouse size toy ... . Do n't get the buzz , waste of my hard earned cash ! Just be careful with that velcro , in my opinion it 's totally unnecessary , get Coleman toys is you want a toy that last .
 Great fun ... for about 10-15 minutes . Now it 's a piece of gross looking fabric Coco still likes to chew on . It MIGHT do for a tiny dog if it 's older and calm . My Lab pup destroyed it in minutes .
 Kong usually has great dog toys . This one does not make the grade . For over a week I was picking up squirrel hair fuzzies off the carpet , fishing it out of the dogs mouth , and generally annoyed with the mess it made everywhere . I finally cut the tail off since I did not want a vet bill for a hairball stuck in my dog 's stomach . KONG needs to rethink this toy big time .
 This Kong toy was super cute and my guys loved it -LRB- two medium sized Australian Shepards -RRB- , but as with most soft toys did n't last 20 minutes . I was hoping with a Kong stuffed type toy it would last with my aggressive chewers , but it did n't . As was said before , thank goodness there was little clean up . It did come with extra squeakers I 've been putting in other things to provide a good `` hunt '' for the boys !
 It only took our two year old Australian Shepherd a day to demolish this toy .
 The pup was choking on tufts of tail fur immediately upon purchase . Lopped off the tail to salvage the purchase and the dog . Not nearly as well made and durable as Dr. Noy 's frog . Will not purchase again .
 My dog loved the squirrel but destroyed it within an hour . The extra squeakers serve no purpose when there is n't enough of the toy left into which to put them .
 My 14 week old puppy immediately started pulling all of the feathery hair out of the tail . This toy is pointless , I took it away from her immediately .
 Dog destroyed this in less than a minute and we had to throw it away . Not exactly what I 'd expect from Kong .
 Well I ordered the Large , or so I thought , but it doesnt really matter , My dog has completly destryed it in just under 5min . For a Kong product , I am disapointed .
 My lab was able to chew a hole in this toy . She was able to rip out the squeaker and squeaker pouch . Would not purchase again .
 The beaver lasted less than an hour before torn apart by my 6 month old golden lab . the squeak toy was removed quickly by her and chewed for about 10 minutes before she chewed it apart . the replacements , having no beaver to be put back into , lasted about the same length of time except for 1 which she decided to jump into my bed in the middle of the night and take half an hour of squeaking before I took it an threw it away . not a good toy to money ratio for lasting only 1 day .
 When I bought this item it was listed as a Squirrel . My dog had one just like it and loved it . What was shipped to me was not as shown , and my dog will not touch it . It is actually very different than what is shown .
 The squrriel was such a cute toy for our 7 month old Lab . It lasted about 15 minutes and was in pieces . The good thing is that there was a limited amount of stuffing .
 My dog is an aggressive chewer . If you have a cute little destructive dog like mine this product will not last . Within 5 minutes she had the squeaker broken . Within 15 minutes she had the entire thing turned inside out and had eaten the face off of it . I have yet to find something that she ca n't destroy .
 The bottle was awkward to remove and difficult to clean . The ports were impossible to keep clean . It leaked . It became covered with icky black mildew . It attracted swarms of ants and bees . It became so gross and disgusting , I threw the thing out within a month after getting it .
 The feeder is very hard to fill and the color of the flowers and bottle have faded out after only one summer . If you want to feed hummers , buy something else !!!
 I loved this feeder when I got it because it looked exceptional and has the little roof to keep the rain from deluting the nectar but ... it leaked from day one so much I had to take it down . No matter what I did it still leaked . When I would bring it in to refill I would find earwigs and ants in it and it was attracting Yellow Jackets constantly and they were chasing my hummers away . It is a shame I ca n't use it because it is so nice looking but my hummers did n't think so because they do n't like sharing their nectar with all the bees and other insects it attracted . I would have returned it but I did n't want to pay the return shipping .
 Amazon , shame for selling this . Shame on me for not realizing I would get what I paid for . This feeder looks great in the photo , but it a real piece of junk when you open the shipping box . It does n't even come IN a box of its own . Held together with incompletely `` shot '' staples , nothing is aligned properly . And worst of all , the plastic parts of the bottle and feeding flowers do n't fit together , so it leaks sugar water all over my patio . Try something else , folks . Do n't be mislead by its attractive appearance .
 Box left on my doorstep upside down , all contents spilled out . Do n't know if this was poor packing or poor shipping , but I have used Amazon.com for ordering of items for years and have never received such a sloppy -LRB- and late -RRB- delivery . The wishing well feeder was inside a plastic baggy-like bag in the box . The hummingbird nectar I 'd also ordered was inside and packaging on THAT was torn and spilled all over the inside of the box shipping box . As someone else said it was nailed together with tiny nails that did not even go into the pieces it was supposed to go into and the wood was already chipped and splintered . The copper-like top did not align with the wooden top underneath it . In all it looked like a project a preschooler had made . And if a preschooler I loved had made it I probably would have hung it up anyway , but when I 'm paying $ 15.00 for an item from Amazon.com I expect it to be of decent quality . $ 15.00 is not a fortune , but still , yeah , this is a pretty sad piece of work . I do n't know how anyone could have written the positive reviews on here . I was so disappointed that I almost just threw it in the dumpster but will go ahead and take the time to return it instead .
 I was very unhappy with this bird feeder when i received it . The copper top was different colors and the wood was jagged and splintered .
 simply stated does n't work , if your lizard is sick take it to the vet this stuff wo n't do it , believe me I 've lost a very nice lizard trying it .
 While actually being a great Frisbee for the dogs , I rated this very low because despite how it 's advertised , this toy sinks right to the bottom of the pool every time . The soft rubber disk throws well , and the raised bone on the top makes it easy for the dogs to pick it up . I was happy with it right out of the box , but as soon as I threw it in the pool , I knew something was n't right . Regular Frisbees all seem to float to some degree , but this seems to dive right down and stay down . If you want a good Frisbee to play fetch with , this is a great one , but unless your dogs dive down deep , I would n't throw it in the water .
 I am very disappointed in this feeder . I 've only had it for 45 days and it leaks a lot . I guess I 'm a whole 15 days pass the period I can return this poor quality bird feeder . I hope something can be done about this .
 This was very disappointing because it arrived missing 2 of the little yellow bee guards . They had to know they were missing when it was sent and I thoroughly searched the packing to make sure they had n't just fallen off and they just were n't there . I will avoid this source in the future .
 The price was right . Product was delivered on time BUT......Perky-Pet forgot to install one of those little yellow flowers . I called Amazon and they gave me some relief , as they always do-Amazon 's great . I then tried to buy one of those little yellow `` Flowers '' at several pet stores in my area . Result
 I live in California , and we have TONS of Anna 's Hummingbirds . So many in fact , that I 'm getting a little worried about the feeder . I love this feeder because a lot of things it has are detachable , including the big , red flowers on the bottom of the feeder , the perches , and the bee-guards . We have never had a problem with bees with any of our hummingbird feeders , but since my dad insisted on leaving the bee-guards on , we left them on . We have seen only 2 hummers since , and I give ALL the blame on the bee guards . A lot of people argue about the tumor-thing with the red-food coloring , and I did about 4 days ' worth of research , and it 's totally false . The food coloring attracts them here , anyway.When you take the bee-guards off on this feeder , you may notice how far the nectar comes out of the red tubes . I think this is natural , and since the hummers are a lot less clumsy than humans , I do n't think that we will have a problem with them spilling the nectar all over the place . We just took the bee-guards off , and we placed the feeder amongst a whole lot of Chinese Bells , which the hummers LOVE . We also cut-off two of the perches , so two hummingbirds will fly and two will sit.The bees are really attracted to the color yellow -LRB- in their world it means `` Pollen ! OMG ! I have to tell the colony so we can get
 This feeder is the worst one I 've ever used . The `` flowers '' -LRB- dispensers -RRB- are way too low , so that the slightest breeze will cause the feeder to leak .
 I 'll have to echo the other bad reviews on this item . Unfortunately , I did not read them before purchasing . Assembling a hummingbird feeder should not be difficult and probably should n't require an instruction sheet . However , this feeder was frustrating to assemble . There was n't even a picture on the box . It 's also hard to fill and clean . It looks cheap and I really do n't expect it to last very long .
 I bought this feeder to replace my old feeder that kept getting taken by raccoons . With my old feeder , I always had a hummingbird at the feeder . With this one , I have never seen one hummingbird . Looks like I will be buying the Hummzingzinger Ultra again .
 This style of hummingbird feeder is the birds ' favorite by far , so when my husband broke our feeder i immediately ordered two of the same type . Each feeder is supposed to have 4 yellow bee guards for a total of eight . These feeders were shipped with only six ! Each feeder was missing a crucial component - so back they went ! I also found these $ 3 cheaper at my local PetSmart and incurred no shipping charges either .
 I 've had several Perky Pet hummingbird feeders over the years . They do attract hummingbirds but are notorious to keep clean . I mix my own nectar and maintain my feeders on a weekly basis . It got to be such a chore with the Perky Pet feeders I almost gave up . Then I heard a local hummingbird expert mention the Dr. JB feeder . Now it 's the only hummingbird feeder I recommend . So simple to fill and clean . A much better choice for me .
 purchased to hang on giant wisteria that does sometimes get ants on it . liked the look of it also . hung up with my 2 other feeders & this 1 was almost instantly covered with dead ants floating in it . moved 1 of the other feeders to check that it was n't the spot it was hung in , & viola no ants . nice idea tho . of all hummingbird feeders , i have learned that `` Best 1 '' glass feeders are the best no doubt.Gotta love amazon tho . Couldnt have made return easier
 Seems great at first ... until ... - Sugar water spashes out every time you invert-Hummingbirds will rip off the bee guards , loosening them - ** The plastic washer thingie will get stripped , and the whole thing will start leaking . If you 're very unlucky , you will invert it , and the entire bottom will fall off , and all of the sugar water will spill out , and your loose bee guards will roll all over . * - Bees and wasps now are all over the place , annoying me and the hummingbirds.-Apparently sugar water on your feet can take the paint off your balcony.Keep in mind , I have a LOT of hummingbirds and I 'm refilling mine every 2 days . My 2 feeders died after only a couple months . Going to get the flying saucer shaped ones.Maybe this would be OK for a low-traffic area .
 All Perky Pet glass , clinched waist feeders have an inner part that connects the red bottom to the feeder itself - it 's a circular small plastic insert with threads that screw on the bottle top . In every feeder I have bought this part seems to shrink in a very short time and then the bottom falls off the feeder . I wrote Perky Pets and they said they do not have replacement parts for hummingbird feeders so I give this feeder and the whole company a big F. It 's a lousy product and the company wo n't back themselves up .
 The yellow bee cages attract bees!Yellow attracts them.Why cant read or white replacements be available?The bees also get around the cage and jam it up - this is a design flaw . Too much space wound the cage and the red fake petal.Bees are so attracted to this feeder that I now have a massive bee army that 's taken it over!Ive watched the bees chase the hummingbirds away!Ive tried Best-1 feeders since they claim its better against bees . WRONG.Even though its not using yellow , the bees congregate on the top of the surface in groups of 10-20 . I like bees when they are useful like pollinating fruit . But I surely hate them for scaring away my friendly hummers!very disappointed in this product !
 Product was received with 2 bee guards missing . There should have been 4 total but only received 2 loose in the box . It is not convenient to return this item since it was part of a larger shipment , low price , repackaging , ... Additionally , it is probably easier for me to purchase a set of 4 replacements from my local Wal-Mart ... than to go through the hassle .
 I got this model at K-mart for a very reasonable price -LRB- ~ $ 7 -RRB- . I am disappointed to find that it does NOT have perches for the little guys to sit at while sipping . In going through the pros and cons of perching , I realize that most hummers hover while feeding at more natural food sources -LRB- flowers , etc -RRB- . This line of thinking helps me feel ok about this perch-less feeder.I put up the feeder because -LRB- 1 -RRB- I enjoy watching them feed and -LRB- 2 -RRB- given their high energy intake requirements , I worry that there are not enough natural food sources for them in the neighborhood . I am comforted thinking that they can get a quick blast of energy when they are tired or cold.I thought that perhaps the lack of perches would discourage other species -LRB- eg - orioles -RRB- from using the feeder . However , I did observe a determined oriole using this feeder within a week of putting it out.I am now trying to figure out how to modify the feeder so that it includes some perches.note added later : I could not figure out how to add perches without making the original design leak , so I asked for the same type of feeder WITH perches for Christmas , and Santa obliged . Although I did rationalize that hummers should n't need perches , since most of their feeding sources do n't have perches , my feeder hangs from a tree limb . I realize that what makes me so uncomfortable about this is that the feeder is incredibly massive compared to a hummingbird or its natural food source . The thought of a hummer attempting to get a meal from such a massive object swinging in the wind is my motivation for the perched-version of a feeder .
 We ordered two from Amazon based upon the reputation of the company and pictures presented . Totally disappointed with the total lack of quality . The price is low because of the low quality of materials used . Bottomline is that a ` good ' feeder can not be purchased at this price . The units purchased leaked the sugar water all over our patio . The unit can be sold as an ant feeder . We returned the units .
 I 'm disappointed in the quality of this product . It seemed to be just cheap plastic -LRB- the foot rests -RRB- and shipping was extremely slow .
 I have purchased previously this item and have been happy with it . This particular feeder has begun to continually leak through one of the blossoms , , , , emptying out in about 2 days . I am dissapointed with this feeder since I am now unable to use it after only about 2 months .
 I have tried various types of feeders and have found this to be the best one yet . I have four of these out now . I have purchased about 10 and have given 4 out as gifts . I 'm in the Los Angeles CA area and have a hard time keeping these filled for more than 24 hours , in winter , from mid January to March . The traffic is constant . I rinse these out with hot tap water with each filling cycle and have yet to have them . When I first got them , I used to soak them in bleach water but found that to be excessive . I am actually more concerned about leaving any chemical residue from the cleaning agent . When traffic slows , I reduce the number of feeders , never leaving sugar mixture more than 3 days in the summer or 5 to 7 in the winter . I use a mixture of 4 to 1 -LRB- plain sugar -RRB- . I highly recommend these feeders and do n't think you can go wrong with them.Added 7/20/2011 . Though I have a long history of recommending this item , my last order came with design changes that I dislike strongly.This feeder originally -LRB- 2008 -RRB- with a red wire from which to hang . About a year ago they shortened this wire -LRB- cost savings ? -RRB- which caused me concern as that it became a bit harder to hang . Now , they have done away with that wire completely . The suspension is now made with a very thin mono-filament line threaded thru two holes in the to . Having purchased about 12 of these over the years for family , gifts and my personal use I can no longer recommend this feeder . I would not hang a Christmas ornament with the supplied line . The only remedy for this that I can think of would be to replace this line with a much higher strength line from a sporting goods store . My option was to simply return it for a refund and call the company and voice my opinion and concerns about this ridiculous change they made.The original hanger has lasted for at least 5 years and I 've only had one failure due to age . Why buy something which needs to be customized at the point of purchase.Those are my thoughts , I 'd be interested to her what other users think of it .
 The fact that this is one of the most popular hummingbird feeders on the market is mostly due to its wide availability , cheap price , and gaudy styling rather than its quality . I used these feeders for years before discovering better designs , and I came to hate them . The first thing I noticed was that they 're hard to clean , with too many small parts and hard-to-reach tubes and crevices . It takes way too long to take the feeder apart , get all the parts clean , and reassemble it.The next thing that became apparent is that the `` bee guards '' really do n't do a very good job . Honeybees and wasps ca n't reach the solution through intact guards , but some long-tongued bumblebees can , and tiny bees just crawl right through the guards -LRB- and often right into the bottle ! -RRB- . They 're also bright yellow , the same color as many bee-pollinated flowers -LRB- what was the manufacturer thinking ? -RRB- . The insects really swarm around when the solution oozes out , as it 's prone to do on warm days -LRB- particularly if you refill the bottle with refrigerated solution -RRB- . It did n't take long to discover that this feeder is also not very durable . The plastic parts do n't hold up to exposure to sunlight , becoming brittle and loose over time -LRB- more quickly in sunny or high-elevation areas , where intense UV light seems to deteriorate the plastic more quickly -RRB- . The hardened glass bottle is actually the most durable part of this feeder , while the bee guards are the first parts to break down . The size is okay , though if you 've only got one or two hummingbirds visiting you wo n't want to fill the feeder completely.The best hummingbird feeders cost about twice as much as this model , but they will last at least 10 times as long . The feeders I use most now are the Hummzingers from Aspects and the Droll Yankees LF , both saucer-style feeders . For high-traffic times such as late summer , I switch to the Nature 's Best bottle feeder . I never use anything in my feeders except the solution recommended by all hummingbird experts
 This food looks like fun for your piggy , but it is unhealthy and potentially dangerous . The first ingredient is alfalfa meal . Guinea pig pellets should be timothy -LRB- hay -RRB- based , not alfalfa based . Alfalfa based pellets should only be given to baby guinea pigs -LRB- up to six months of age -RRB- and pregnant/nursing pigs . Alfalfa has a high calcium content , and excess calcium can contribute to bladder crystals/sludge/stones and urinary problems . This food also contains corn . Corn is not a natural food for guinea pigs . Dried corn carries the risk of aflatoxin , and corn , while not necessarily harmful to guinea pigs , works as filler and does not offer pigs any nutritional value . Corn can also contribute to allergies.The seeds , nuts and dried fruit bits look like fun , but they are potentially dangerous . Hulled seeds and unshelled nuts are a choking hazard . Guinea pigs can not eat with their `` hands '' the way hamsters , gerbils , rats and mice can . Guinea pigs can not easily dispose of a husk or shell . If they fail to spit it out , they can choke on it . Seeds and nuts are high in fat and not a natural food for guinea pigs . Dried fruit is high in sugars and not a natural food for guinea pigs.This food also contains Ethoxyquin . Ethoxyquin is a highly controversial preservative . The U.S. Department of Agriculture lists Ethoxyquin as a pesticide ! Ethoxyquin is strongly suspected of causing cancer , birth defects , organ damage and other serious health problems.If you love your guinea pigs , you will feed them plain timothy based pellets , without seeds or nuts or dried fruit bits mixed in . You will provide fresh loose timothy hay or orchard grass at all times , and you will give your pigs fresh vegetables everyday -- like parsley , green pepper , dandelion leaves , romaine , cucumber , celery , etc. .
 This food looks like fun for your piggy , but it is unhealthy and potentially dangerous . The first ingredient is alfalfa meal . Guinea pig pellets should be timothy -LRB- hay -RRB- based , not alfalfa based . Alfalfa based pellets should only be given to baby guinea pigs -LRB- up to six months of age -RRB- and pregnant/nursing pigs . Alfalfa has a high calcium content , and excess calcium can contribute to bladder crystals/sludge/stones and urinary problems . This food also contains corn . Corn is not a natural food for guinea pigs . Dried corn carries the risk of aflatoxin , and corn , while not necessarily harmful to guinea pigs , works as filler and does not offer pigs any nutritional value . Corn can also contribute to allergies.The seeds , nuts and dried fruit bits look like fun , but they are potentially dangerous . Hulled seeds and unshelled nuts are a choking hazard . Guinea pigs can not eat with their `` hands '' the way hamsters , gerbils , rats and mice can . Guinea pigs can not easily dispose of a husk or shell . If they fail to spit it out , they can choke on it . Seeds and nuts are high in fat and not a natural food for guinea pigs . Dried fruit is high in sugars and not a natural food for guinea pigs.This food also contains Ethoxyquin . Ethoxyquin is a highly controversial preservative . The U.S. Department of Agriculture lists Ethoxyquin as a pesticide ! Ethoxyquin is strongly suspected of causing cancer , birth defects , organ damage and other serious health problems.If you love your guinea pigs , you will feed them plain timothy based pellets , without seeds or nuts or dried fruit bits mixed in . You will provide fresh loose timothy hay or orchard grass at all times , and you will give your pigs fresh vegetables everyday -- like parsley , green pepper , dandelion leaves , romaine , cucumber , celery , etc. .
 Guinea pigs may love it , but it is definitely not good for them . I originally bought a `` mix '' bag when I first got my guinea pigs . But with further research , almost everything in the bag is NOT good for them . First , it will teach your guinea pigs to be picky eaters . Second , alfalfa based products are for younger guinea pigs , preferably under the age of one years old . Third , about 80 % of the ingredients are unhealthy for your pig -LRB- seeds , corn , dried fruit , etc. -RRB- . The only dried fruit -LRB- given as treat ONLY -RRB- I would recommend is a couple of raisins every so often.The best pellets to buy are alfalfa based for younger pigs or timothy hay based for older pigs . PLAIN pellets only . The rest should be unlimited hay and fresh veggies everyday .
 I agree with everyone else . While my/your pigs might go bonkers over this product it 's really because its the equivalent of junk food.I suggest everyone goes to -LSB- ... -RSB- for proper care information on your piggies
 Second one I bought , and they both leak out of the flower pedals . Annoying , because it draws ants when they leak . Poor product . Just wish I would have kept the box so I could have returned it . Live , and learn .
 The hummingbirds recognize this feeder right away -LRB- better than the saucer kind -RRB- but it started leaking after a couple months . Pretty unreliable .
 The feeder is the perfect size . It immediately attracted hummingbirds and I thought they were drinking like crazy since I had to fill it almost every day . Turns out it was leaking through the flowers drip by drip . I 'm now looking for another feeder .
 Very disappointing , this lasted less than a year , purchased September 2011 . It started leaking in July and ca n't find where is leaking from . You would think it would last at least a couple of years . Look for a different feeder .
 Both new Feeders leaked !!! I needed to update this review . Obviously there is a manufacturing problem with the feeders and they are not sealed on the bottom . The first one leaked right away . The second one started leaking after about a week . We are trying to glue the bottoms ourselves as the birds do like this feeder a lot , but if it does n't work they will both have to be returned.We had one of this model feeder , and another one from the same company that holds more liquid . The birds would eat out of this one twice as fast . I think it 's the way the feeding portion is so close to the bottom . I think they can get more food out of it faster .
 I bought two of these feeders expecting to hang one up , then add the second one once I had a few hummingbirds showing up regularly . Well , after the first cleaning and refill on the 1st feeder the base was leaking and all of the nectar had leaked out by the next day . I then opened up the second feeder , planning to try and seal the first one somehow . I filled the 2nd feeder and it was fine at first . It took a 2nd cleaning and refill before this one started leaking from the base as well.They are a very nice looking feeder , and the hummers seem to prefer them over the hummzinger feeder that I have , but their food keeps ending up on the ground . Very disappointed with the quality of these feeders and I hope it 's not a pain to get them sent back . I wish I could just have the manufacturer send me new bases , but I will probably just return them .
 This was a gift for my parents who are both disabled.If the product description said that assembly was required , i would not have purchased it.It may seem simple to put something together if you have the use of your hands , but if you do n't -- it 's impossible.List this and save disappointment from your buyers .
 The item came with no instructions on how to assemble it . A plastic coated wire was inside the container , which I guessed was to hang the feeder , but it was inadequate . The perch fit the bottom but did not attach ... was loose and did n't stay put . I put the feeder together with the aid of super glue and some duct tape , and used picture hanging wire to hang the feeder . I would not recommend anyone buying this item . You can get one assembled already at Walmart .
 I have been feeding hummingbirds for a while . There are a few things that surprise me with Perky pet feeders
 This was one crazy purchase . Immediately , after hanging the Perky Pet 210P , two things happened . Hummingbirds were drawn to this feeder , like magnets . One evening I had , 2 hummingbirds sharing each perch . The other thing that happened is that it leaked slowly drip by drip , and , needed filling daily . The hummingbirds loved this feeder so I tried to fix it . I ended up fixing the leaky `` Perky Pet 210P , with a bunch of surf wax , the top of a water bottle and a rubber-washer . The neck of the bottle is not long enough , so the sugar water level is to high , and , it leaks out of the yellow , flowers . Finally , I sent this poorly designed hummingbird feeder back to Amazon . I did not get all my money back , but , that is what I get for trying to fix the Perky Pet 210P . Avoid the hassles , and search elsewhere for a quality hummingbird feeder .
 It seems strange that this feeder is billed as having a no-drip base . I 've had one hung out for about a month on a branch , and as it sways in the wind , the `` flowers '' drip water very quickly - so fast that it only takes 3-5 days to empty completely , even though it 's apparently too early in the season to attract any birds . The flowers , which are detachable , are a press fit into holes about 1/4 inch in diameter . This fit is not water-tight , so in addition to losing water from the small feeding holes in the center of the flowers , water seeps readily from the larger holes around the base of each flower with the slightest tilt of the feeder . I 've just glued the flowers in place with silicone cement to eliminate that source of drip , and perhaps that will reduce the problem to some extent , but at the cost of being unable to replace the flowers in the future . I 've also removed it from the branch and hung it from a solid structure to try to reduce the swaying . Perhaps these fixes will save it from the garbage bin , but given that this is one of the more expensive feeders , I 'm quite disappointed with it .
 Have used this product for overe 15 years . The last order I ordered two and the first one we tried , the base leaked . Returned for replacement . Received replacement . Tried the secoond unit and then the replacement and both bases leaked . I contacted Perky Pet direct and they sent two new replacement bases . Have not tried these based yet . Not sure why the problems with the base ? Hope all will be ok as we like the product but ... not the leaks .
 Perky Pet 209 `` Our Best '' Hummingbird Feeder , 30 oz capacityThe plastic seal on the lid becomes stripped easily and then the flowers start to leak-what a mess considering its SUGAR water ! would like my money back as I 've had it for 1 month !
 It leaks.There 's no real reason to add anything to that paragraph . It 's a fatal flaw . A hummingbird feeder that will not hold water feeds nothing . Other reviews mentioned that it leaked , but who reads other reviews ? I will from now on , not just look at the number of stars on the review .
 I keep going back to this feeder because of its volume only to be reminded that it usually leaks . Bees love it for this and the hummers have to dodge bees to feed . It seems to leak from the bottom v. the feed sites or the bottle entry .
 Purchased 4 of these feeders and one of them leaked profusly right away . Sent it back and Amazon replaced it with another one that also leaked . Since then , the other three started leaking also . Do n't know if I can still return the entire batch since it has been a couple of months , but I am going to try . I had these same feeders in the past and they lasted several years . Somebody `` improved '' them.Update
 I 've had this type of hummingbird feeder in the past . The quality seems to have gone downhill , as the bottom of the feeder leaks constantly . There are no signs of cracks in the plastic . I returned it to Amazon for a refund .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased . Pup chews on it a few minutes andthen it starts to thaw and you have a wet spot on carpet or in my case a puddlein the middle of your couch or wood floor . Not worth time or money .
 I bought this bone at Petco to help my pup keep cool on hot days . Not only did she chew a hole in it in the first few minutes , but it thaws out very fast and is just a soggy dog toy . Because it does n't stay frozen long in 80 degree weather , it is easier to chew and tear holes in . I am just glad I bought it at half price and did n't waste a ton of money on it.If you are looking for something cool for your pup you are better off giving it an Ice Cube
 Though I was n't expecting a lot from a soft toy , I was hoping that this would be able to provide a little more relief for my teething pup . While the bone is easy to use and freeze , the actual ` enjoyment ' time is limited and not worth the time it takes to refreeze . After about 5 minutes , the bone was thawed to the point it was dripping and could easily have holes chewed in the fabric . When I went to refreeze it , my poor pup did n't understand why I was taking her toy and ended up becoming disinterested very quickly the next time I brought it out.Another issue I had n't thought about until after freezing is how hard and heavy the bone becomes . If you have a puppy that likes to ` throw ' their toys or pounce on them , this can become a flying projectile.Though it did seem to help with the soreness of teething , and provide a cool treat , the overall experience left a lot to be desired .
 My puppy loved this product ... for about 3 minutes . Thats how long it lasted before he had chewed a hole in it and pulled out the stuffing , rendering it useless . Way over priced for the quality . I wish I had come here and read reviews first , a $ 2 walmart towel soaked in water and frozen has been a way more durable option , which my puppy loves .
 This is a good but unremarkable toy for the very light chewer in your life . It 's basically just a fabric bone that you soak in water . The bag you 're supposed to store it in broke when we tried to take the bone out after freezing it . It does n't have any vanilla smell as they claim . And after the first use our moderate , non-teething dog had ripped out most of the stuffing , rendering it useless.The idea of a frozen toy is a good one , but freezing some knotted up towels would be just as effective . Do n't waste your money .
 Do n't waste your money on the Chilly Bone . I thought it would help my 4 month old welsh corgi with teething . He liked it , but chewed a hole in it within 5 minutes . I would have been better off soaking a clean wash cloth and freezing it to let him chew on .
 The basic idea behind the Chilly Bone is that you soak it with water , freeze it , and then let your dog have at it . Well , I have a teething Rottweiler puppy . She is an absolutely ferocious chewer . I bought the large Chilly Bone thinking the cool temperature would be soothing to her teeth and gums during this stage of her development.My puppy absolutely loved it , which is why I did n't knock off more stars . However , in under 10 minutes , she had chewed a hole in one end and pulled out a bunch of stuffing . Since I 'm afraid she 'll swallow the stuffing , I ca n't let her have the Chilly Bone any more . It 's basically $ 10 down the drain . For what it 's worth , it also did n't absorb nearly as much water as I thought it would , based on the weight after soaking.If you have a dog who is not a big chewer , the Chilly Bone might still work for you . -LRB- My last Rottie generally did not pull the stuffing out of toys , for example . However , I am not sure what might be attractive to a dog about vanilla flavoring ... -RRB-
 This sounded like a great idea for a teething dog , but it did n't work for either of mine . As another reviewer said , it 's basically a fabric toy that you soak in water and freeze - but the plastic bag ripped after being frozen , it thawed quickly leaving a wet mess , and most significantly , neither of my dogs were the slightest bit interested in it . I too would freeze an old wet sock instead .
 Poor materials , poorly constructed , and does n't hold the cold well at all . Not even for a young puppy , and certainly not for the rambunctious age when they lose their original teeth .
 Unfortunately , this litter failed in one key area
 I have used better litter for the price . I find that it does n't dry very well when wet and that 's a pain .
 I just received the litter today and the UPS man told me that ` stuff ' had been falling out of the packaged box all day . He asked if I wanted to refuse the package but I figured it was probably just a small tear in the bag . Of course , I was very wrong . It was a huge hole in the MIDDLE of the bag , so when I was trying to move the bag so I could tape over the hole , I ended up losing about 1/3 of the kitty litter into the packaging . I do n't care how well this litter works now , I 'm already disappointed .
 We had to secure all the leaves onto the vine . They kept falling off . We re-attached the leaves and bent the wired stem down to secure the leaf .
 We started with a turtle dock from this company that attaches to the sides of the aquarium with suction cups . This initially worked well , but as our turtle grew larger he started knocking the dock loose , and he was getting too big for the dock -LRB- he is about 5 inches long -RRB- . We saw this turtle log which looked ideal for him . The log works great for him to get on top of , but he started going in and out of the log and got stuck . It took me about 30 minutes to get him loose . He got stuck again about a week later . We reduced the amount of water in our tank so that if he gets stuck he wo n't drown . Right now I am looking for an alternative -LRB- I am guessing a wooden log or ramp -RRB- to this log . The log is made hallow through the middle , and depending on how our turtle crawls through he often makes it in and out okay , but at other times becomes wedged in tightly . He gets so stuck it is difficult to get him out . I 'm not sure what this company wss thinking in making this log hollow . Our turtle does n't seem to need to hide or seek privacy -- he simply roams about his tank and gets stuck in this stupid log when doing so . A responsible company would have made this log solid -LRB- maybe with a hollow center -RRB- so that turtles could not get stuck and potentially die ! We paid way too much for this and in return we have to find something else before this kills our turtle . If you have a really small turtle or a really large one , this log would be fine , but if yours is mid-sized like ours -- DO NOT BUY THIS LOG -- it will kill your turtle !
 I have had this log in my turtle tank for a few years . First we thought it was great but as our turtle has grown he gets stuck inside the log . This log is great for small turtles but not for one bigger then the palm of your hand .
 The color looks like a beautiful bright lavender on my computer screen , but boy is it different in real life ! It was a dull greyish purple . Also , the place where the color was stitched together was uneven and the end was rough . For the price I 'm not going to mess with return shipping . Maybe a local animal shelter will take it .
 I bought this collar for a large dog . -LRB- 120 # -RRB- Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to the end of the lead , the abrupt stop can jerk the steel ring up over the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 I bought a large Hamilton collar like this one for a large dog -LRB- 120 # -RRB- . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to an abrupt halt at the end of the lead , the steel ring on the collar can be jerked up to put pressure on the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to happen around traffic or with people who are afraid of dogs .
 I bought a Hamilton collar of this style for a large dog . 120 # . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to an abrupt halt at the end of the lead the steel ring on this collar can move up to the buckle and release the snap tabs . Voila ! Loose dog!Not something you would want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 This cage is not great . We have had it for about a month and already the plastic tabs that fasten the top have broken off and the hamster has figured out how to open the door and get out . Also , I purchased some expansion kits which I can not connect to this and there are no directions ! Avoid this habitat .
 I have had several issues with this product .1 . Too big , my bunny -LRB- medium sized -RRB- can sit and lay in it .2 . The litter resembles food and made my bunny really sick3 . The pan flops overThis would be a better product for outside of the cage , but as a starter I would start with something smaller .
 My dwarf bunny does not use this at all ! He could fit in it , but he does n't like it for some reason and prefers a roomier litter pan . Also , this is the most uncomfortable pooper scooper ever . It 's not shaped right for scooping anything , and most of the poop falls out through the slits ! You 'd think they would consider the proportionality of the scooper to the bunny ...
 I purchased two of these and with both of them the leash snap broke . One on the first time I used and the other before I even had a chance to use it . Very cute , but very cheap snaps . Will not buy another
 My cat must be the exception to the rule . I have a 6 month old kitten that will urinate in the litter box but for some reason will not defacate there . I tried this litter which is expensive and she smelled and rolled in it and pooped once then went back to pooping outside of it . The other cats just want to play in it they did not use it either . They used the other box we have full of corn based litter .
 I have a Welsh Corgi that seems to chew through every harness we have bought for her . Yep , this one lasted almost 30 minutes . If you have a dog that likes to chew I do n't recommend this one . It is made well and looks nice but not worth the money when they only last a few minutes .
 Though we have MANY hummingbirds in our yard we have repeatedly watched them take a look at this feeder then fly away without eating . We have moved it to new spots hoping that was the problem , but nothing .
 I read so many reviews and opted for this one , rated highly among other Amazonians . However , my little hummers did not share these opinions , and have snubbed this new feeder in favor of their older feeder . Having three voracious hummers dueling over this lone feeder , I had hoped this new one , with it 's many stations , would make everyone happy . But alas , the squawking of these tiny birds was enough to make me drive -LRB- in the car !!! -RRB- to the hardware store in search of a viable replacement . After summing up the many designs displayed on the shelves , I finally picked one , hoping my feathered friends would like it enough to feed upon it . Lo and behold , after moving it around the yard a bit , I seemed to have struck the perfect combination of the old feeder , and the newer one . Finally , everyone is happy and there is much less squawking , but now I have this extra feeder ...
 This feeder is a cheaply made -LRB- but not cheap ! -RRB- knock-off of the Aspects Hummzinger , a much more durable feeder without the yellow parts that can attract attract bees . After problems with Perky Pet feeders , I now use only all-red feeders and find that it does n't take new birds more than a few seconds to learn where the holes are -LRB- hummingbirds are a lot smarter than you think -RRB- . For the same money or less you can get a feeder that 's more durable , even easier to clean , less likely to attract bees , and made by a company that does n't crank out cheap knock-offs or exploit you and the birds by marketing chemical-laced `` instant nectar . ''
 Wow ! This particular hummingbird feeder is just amazing , awesome , great for the price ! I had to let others know.First , the ant feeder `` built in '' ... well , get ready folks if you live in a `` busy ant '' community , there are going to be a `` few '' , and just a few make their way in to the inside liquid . Ants simply build a bridge right over the little built in ant guard which sits in the middle . Yeppers , you put water in it but hey , those ants do n't mind as it is not `` big '' enough to discourage them . I have to wonder whoever designed this product if he or she lives in a `` busy ant '' neighborhood . Hopefully , the manufacturer will make this a little wider on any future updates ! However , please again note that not many manage . Yet , whew ... they really do swarm the bottom outside of this thing , and get on the top by the yellow feeders . The hummers do n't seem to mind those around the little yellow flowers . Please redesign or make this mote wider : -RRB- Even with that , I still give this feeder a high five . The hummingbirds love it , if I can manage to keep the `` bully one '' away , and it looks very nice in the yard ! Also , very easy to put together and simply hang . Some complain that the top is not easy to pull off , and yes , I will agree with that ... perhaps a `` screw on type top '' would have been best , as you will have to errrr pull and twist a little to get it off . So , be sure and pour the liquid out the flowers before popping open ! As for as placing back on after you put liquid in ... not as hard.Anyway , my hummingbirds inspected closely and said for me to give it a high five , so I did ! And , proof in the pudding , I just bought another today , and plan on another shortly.Have a great hummingbird `` feeder '' season all!UPDATE ! OUTRAGEOUS . PLEASE IGNORE ALL THE ABOVE ON the busy ant neighborhood , and just a FEW getting in ... good grief ! After only a week of using both of these feeders I bought , they are full and I mean FULL of ants on the inside , and bees which look like a mixture of honey bees , and hornets . TERRIBLE ! I will never buy another of these no matter how pretty they might be . You should see this filthy mess I have to clean up , and I do mean on the inside of the container . The so call ant mote is nothing ... nada ... not working ! Guess I wrote my original view too quickly , but you learn with use ! After emptying this thing , I found they are huge red ants , not the little ones ! I thought they were honey bees , but they are those large red ants ... gross !
 I had high hopes for this design , ants , air pressure not forcing out liquid and nice looking . But ... the feeder liquid and design of the tray cause the whole thing to tilt and spill solution . When tilted the birds can get food only from the lower side of the tray.The only way to solve this is with a large weight hanging down from the center like a long candle stuck in the bottom . That puts the center of gravity lower and pulls it back to a horizontal position . Thus two stars because you can fix it but only two stars as it should n't work this way !
 I ordered two of these as gifts and each had a single broken perch . The boxes were in excellent shape . The broken perches were in the same position in relation to the logo printed on top , which leads me to believe there is a quality issue at the manufacturer.The perches seem very flimsy anyway , even for a hummer . The rest of the assembly is OK . I 'm going to return them both and find a traditional glass upright feeder locally .
 feeder will not stay level , the bottom of the flat so it is like trying to carry water in a pizza pan . I have had the wind blow it off of the hook twice -LRB- in one week -RRB- , the last time it broke hangar rod threads out of the plastic part . I now have it mounted on a pole and it works well . I wish I would have not wasted my money feeder . If you get it for under $ 3 including S&H and pole mount it , it may be worth it , not for me .
 My hummingbirds have not returned to my yard since I put up this new feeder . I had birds with another feeder that gave out , but they have now gone to the flowers in my neighbor 's yard instead . Maybe their beaks are not long enough to reach the liquid .
 Filling this product is awkward . Hummingbirds do not like it . Very poor design . because of its spaceship design with no baffles it will lean to one side because it is very difficult to have it level . I would suggest not purchasing this product .
 It wo n't hang anywhere near level , so , 1 star.I like the idea though , my hummers like to hide behind the bottle on the bottle types , so I 'd rather fix it than return it.If anyone knows how to get it to hang level , full or half empty , would you please post a comment ? Thanks .
 I just bought this feeder yesterday . I washed it , put some sugar water in it and hung it up outside . I noticed right away that all of the liquid went to one side making the feeder tilt . I tried to straighten it but it just falls back to one side . I 'll keep it and mount it on a pole like one reviewer mentioned .
 Although it looks as though it would be a better type of feeder - easier to clean - it is actually not a good design in use.It will move according to whatever disturbs it , and that causes the liquid to shift to one side or another , leaking out and falling to the deck or the yard , attracting bees and ants.We used it once - but only for 5 minutes .
 Chicken by-product meal , is crap and if you feed your dog this you do n't care about your dog.Upgrade to the Lamb and Rice Naturals from the same company , Or Chicken and Rice . They are 4 star rated by DOGFOODADVISORS.COM
 Being able to purchase a 50 # bag of dogfood from Amazon is worth it 's weight in gold . Not having to lug it out of the store it great ! The bag was in perfect condition when it got to us .
 Yup , got the rebate coupon so I am happy.It is very rare they would miss testing like that and their source is the main one for most of the brands available so what do you do . Gosh!Sorry to anyone who did not see the recall . Get info by googling maybe .
 I just came on to re-order this item for my dog , and it seems that this vendor has doubled the price ! Really ?
 Just purchased 40 lbs . of this product , and less than a week later , found out via another company that this food is recalled , if the product code on your bag states best used between 12/09/12 and 04/07/13 and there is either a 2 or 3 in the ninth position of the product code number and an X in the tenth position , then your food is recalled . . Different brand names are involved for both cats and dogs . Both my dog and cats turned up their noses to this food , now I know why . SMART ... . animals . Supposidly dry food only is involved in this recall . Possible Salmonella problem.See www.diamondpetrecall.com for more info . on other brands involved .
 I purchased this bag of dog food and then broke it up into smaller containers for freezing . I then threw the bag out.Now some of the bags have been recalled . I do not have the lot numbers I need to determine if my bag is on the list.Please forward that information as soon as possible . Thank you .
 I learned today that this product and the previous bag I bought were recalled due to Salmonella . I just happened to stumble across the article on MSNBC . No notification was sent . Now the household 's mysterious stomach flu is n't so mysterious . Also if you do n't have your receipt they will only offer a coupon for replacement in 6 weeks.Why would I want another bag ?!? Diamond just lost a customer . As did the Amazon seller .
 I recently bought this food , only to find that it was on the recall list -LRB- for salmonella -RRB- . I had already put it in with some other food , all of which I will now have to throw out . Help me out , Amazon ?
 The ladder was definitely NOT made for large dogs -LRB- 90 lbs -RRB- . The steps are way too small . My dog 's paw barely fit on one of the steps . I will say that returning it and getting some of my money back -LRB- they subtracted shipping and handling -RRB- was relatively quick . Bummed it did n't work .
 This pet ladder has problems . I purchased it back in April mainly based on the video and the price . We have a 60 lb lab and have used the ladder about 5 times . The ladder is not easy to open especially when on a boat . It is hard to attach to your boat ladder -- it takes two people my husband in the water holding it and me trying to wrap the velcro ties around the ladder without getting my hands pinched between our boat ladder and the ramp to propery install . Once in the water and attached my dog can get back into the boat with ease . It is just as awkward to fold up and get back in you boat -- definitely not a 1-2-3 operation . The side clips that keep the two parts of the ladder/ramp extended are hard to get into thir specific holes a very frustrating process . However since our dog was able , once we got it installed -LRB- a process of at least 10 minutes -RRB- to get back on board easily we thought perhaps we would get faster with usage . When we went to use the ramp yesterday we noticed that it was sitting unusally low in the water and discovered that a float had fallen off plus a bracket was missing from the armature that holds the ramp away from the boat . This product has been a great disappointment .
 For filter
 Within a day of use it broke . My dog bit it once -LRB- he bites all of his leashes but not hard , and they usually last a few months -RRB- and it broke . I has hopping for something more sturdy . If you have a very small dog , or one that wo n't bite it even once I guess it would be fine .
 must rate this a 3 out of 10 . It is very narrow , less than quoted . Webbing seems to be fairly loose and light weight . The one good thing about it is the clip is heavy and solid .
 This leash either had a defect I failed to notice or it is simply not strong enough . The narrow 5/8th inch cotton web leash has begun to tear apart in a spot about two feet from the end clip . My dog is a 60 pound lab and quite energetic when not heeling . When I give him the `` go on '' command he tugs away like crazy and is proving too much for this leash . I 'd prefer a 1 inch width but have n't been able to find it in a 20 foot length .
 My bichon chewed right through this rope within 48 hours . It did not even look as if he was really chewing on it but rather playing with it . I had to tie the two chewed ends together just to continue using it .
 The whole point in buying this was so I do n't have to change my water dragons water every other day but this , I would have to do every day do to lizard getting dirt or other stuff in it , better off getting a upside down waterer and training it to drink out of that . I should of thought of that beforehand .
 My yellow lab -LRB- 7 mo old male -RRB- tore it in two this morning after playing with it for over 4 months . I had inserted a nice treat into it which made him all the more intense on getting it out ! Rip ... . there goes the head of the `` tough '' Rhino Cone !!!
 I thought this sounded tough enough for my 6 month old American Bulldog but I was wrong . She would n't play with it for the first week - I had to fill it with treats for her to even show interest . Once she started chewing , it was less than two weeks before she started taking chunks out of it . Probably a good toy for less agressive chewers .
 My 2 dachshunds loved , loved , loved Hide-A-Squirrel . They still play with the `` hides '' after chewing them open so the stuffing & squeaker are gone . Fortunately , they had lots of play before they chewed the squirrels open . Not so with the birds ... they chewed off the beaks in a couple days with stuffing everywhere . Unfamiliar with Hide-A-Bee -LRB- it has one 5 star rating -RRB- . Better to buy Hide-A-Squirrel . Note there are refill squirrels available .
 This toy has a wire frame which after a time came loose and apart and could be dangerous to your pet .
 We 've purchased a number of kyjen `` hide-a ... '' toys and our golden retriever puppy loves them all . He loves this one too , but we had to take it away because he chewed it up a bit -LRB- normal for all the toys -RRB- and inside was a long flat plastic insert along the base of the toy . I have n't seen this in any of the other kyjen toys . I assume it 's there to hold the shape of the bird house . I know many of the toys have plastic squeekers that the dog should n't be chewing on , but this plastic seems worse to me and feels completely unsafe ... It 's very hard but can be chewed apart -LRB- like rawhide -RRB- leaving your dog with hard chunks of plastic stuck in his throat . Luckily I caught it before our dog got into too much of it , and he was able to cough up the little piece he was eating . Because of this unnecessary piece of plastic sewn into the toy I would not recommend the purchase of the hide-a-bird toy .
 Last Christmas we gave our 13 year old dog Hide-a-Squirrel , which he loved . It lasted well through the year . We got him hide-a-bird this Christmas as we were sure he 'd love it . He did , but within munutes he had fuzz from the bird 's bodies in his mouth . The squirrels seem more stirdy and , except for the tails , the fibers are much shorter and not easy to pull on , so they are much safer . It was very frustrating to have to take our boy 's toy away from him ... he is still looking for it but I have to think about his safety . Even with us supervising the play time , as the manufacturer suggests on the box , I ca n't do anything to stop him from ingesting all the brightly covered fabric -LRB- i 'm sure colored with unsafe chemicals -RRB- . Did I mention he is 13 ? I can only imagine how quickly a younger dog would pull these birds apart . I just do n't understand why anyone would make such an unsafe toy . Very frustrating ...
 Wow , my dog -LRB- 7 month old italian greyhound -RRB- ripped this apart within five minutes . Talk about money wasted ?? Not only was he able to rip each bird apart within moments , but he ripped apart the house as well . Horrible craftsmanship . We also have the three rabbits and the magic hat and that lasted a month.Money down the drain .
 My shih tzu was n't too interested in the birds in the house . She likes the birds alone . Or if I put treats in the house , she goes for the house . But she does n't play with the toy as I anticipated she would . I was slightly disappointed considering all the rave reviews and the high price tag.I like that it 's all washable . Unfortunately , one of the birds heads is already falling off - before I even needed to wash it .
 I would have given this more stars IF it had lasted longer . My dog is only 10 pounds but loves to chew ... do n't they all ? She had a lot of fun with this and loved me putting the birds back in the house and her working to get them out . But after having it for not even a month , she got to the inside and began tearing out the bottom -LRB- cardboard I think -RRB- and I saw her eating little pieces . I had to throw it away . I can usually sew up things she chews a hole in , but I could n't fix this one . So , if your dog is a big chewer , this wo n't last too long and almost $ 15 is way too much to pay for a short-term toy . She has toys I only paid a couple of dollars for that she 's had since she was a pup ... she 's almost 1-1/2 years now .
 This is a review of the Kyjen Hide-a-Bird Puzzle Plush Interactive Dog Toy , Large.It is a plush 6 '' cube made to look like a birdhouse . It has a 3 '' hole in the front and another 3 '' hole in the left side . Included are 3 small stuffed plush birds with plastic squeakers.My dog is a 2 yo 50 lb Lab guide dog.I introduced the toy to her as recommended in the instructions.She then placed one paw into one opening and held the birdhouse in place while she stuck her snout into the other opening and pulled the 3 birds out in approximately 5 seconds . We repeated the process , got the same results , and this time she almost extracted the squeaker from one of the birds in the 15 seconds before I took it away from her.My rating is based on the accuracy of the `` Product Features '' as listed in this product page on Amazon.-Eliminates boredom -LRB- 1 star
 I have 8-pound mini-Maltese/Poodle puppy . I was thrilled to see that she loved this toy and had a great time digging the birdies out . BUT , within 5 minutes we noticed a tear on one of the birds . We figured it may have come like that since we 've never had issues with tearing and all of her toys have held up for at least a year and a half . Every single toy we bought her when we brought her home is still in tact . The next day , we were playing with the toys and noticed that one of the birds had completely fallen apart . Honestly , I do n't understand how a dog toy company can make its products like this . How does this toy hold up with larger dogs if an 8-pound puppy can rip it apart within a day ?
 I have a dachshund mix and when I first bought this it loved this . However one of the bees broke after 2 hours and the hive broke after the first day . Its a cool idea but its just cheapy material , but for $ 10 I was expecting a it to last a little longer .
 One of my dogs had the hive and one of the bees ripped to shreds in one day . I have lots of toys around , and this is the first one to be destroyed . I 've had the squirrels-in-a-log version for ten years , and it 's still intact . Been through five different dogs .
 I loved the idea of this puzzle/toy but expected it to last longer than 5 minutes . May be OK for a dog who does n't like to chew . I would n't recommend it for dogs who DO like to chew .
 We purchased the hive and three bee toys six months ago for our two miniature poodles . They love the toy and the bees lasted almost six months before I reordered two sets -LRB- of three each -RRB- of replacement bees . The first set of replacement bees lasted less than four hours . Our two poodles managed to rip each of the bees apart , removed the stuffing , and began munching on the plastic squeakers . The second set of replacement bees did n't last any longer . I would be very cautious about providing these bees to any dog unless the retailer can assure that ours was a bad lot or that they have replaced their supplier .
 My dogs -LRB- 20 and 40 lbs -RRB- loved this toy right when it first came out of the box . However , by the end of the night , the bees were coming apart at the seams . This happened even though I did not allow them to tug at them or sit and try to de-stuff them . By the end of the week , the hive was also coming apart in multiple places . Again , I even took this toy away when I was n't around to watch them . Of course , all toys , plush or rubber , eventually get destroyed . Sadly , this one did n't last more than a few days .
 I got this for our Grandpug for Easter . It 's a great toy and he loves it and therefore should have 5 stars.BUT there is a very strong chemical odor to it and the box too . I put it outside for a few days , but the smell was still there . Only after spraying it every day for a week with febreeze , and I mean saturating it everyday , the odor got less but there was still an odor . I had the empty box that it came in in my garage and the chemical odor was nauseating . This product is made in China . I would not order anything made by that company again unless I can find it in a store and smell it first .
 My poodle is bored with this toy with in two days she no longer cared to play with it yea she got the bees out and then that was it she did not want to play she has other toys and she would rather play with them I bought 2 other products same as the bees one is with the eggs the other the tree I am not a happy camper I will never buy again .
 This is an adorable little toy -- however , my year-old Pomeranian male chewed the eyes off one of the little baby bees in five minutes ! We have yet to FIND THE EYES ! Wonder where they went ? Would I buy it again ? -- probably not -- I do n't want to be worried about my dog swallowing toy parts -LRB- eyes and stuffing -RRB- and waiting for it to come out the other end!NOT GOOD ! Cute , but not a good match for Bandit !
 I was very excited to purchase the Hide-A-Bee pet toy for my dogs but the excitement was short lived . I purchased two of them and within a couple of hours they had them shredded and had stuffing/squeakers all over the house . Both Rosie and Tinkerbell can be rough with toys but this is the first time I 've ever witnessed them chewing a toy apart so quickly . After I cleaned up the mess Tinkebell found one of the squeakers she had hidden somewhere in the house and almost choked to death . I had to wedge my fingers in her mouth and perform a doggie heimlich to get it out ... very scarey but thankfully she 's okay now.I would NOT recommend this toy if you have strong chewers in your home and it was a big waste of money . I 'll stick with the large rubber kongs for them from now on .
 My pit bull was having a blast with this toy , but as soon as I left the room for a minute I came back to bits of fabric and stuffing all over . I managed to salvage the bee hive for a nice nest for my sugar gliders , but this toy was definitley not made for larger dogs .
 I thought this toy would become a favorite , but despite the appealing concept , the size and ease of chewing , Max , the toy poodle , simply never showed any interest in it . You just never know what will strike your dog 's fancy ; it 's a guess every time .
 The idea of this toy is great . Our 10lb Cavachon -LRB- Bichon/King Cavalier Spaniel -RRB- loved playing with it and getting the little bees out . Unfortunately in less than a 1/2 hr of opening the package one of the bees was ripped open . The next day the 2nd bee was torn apart and finally , within a week the 3rd bee had a wing ripped off of it . Our dog is n't even that rough with toys ! I figured at least we had the hive that we were still able to stick other toys into and she could have fun with that ... until last night when I found her chewing the white stuffing out of that too ! This was a total disappointment after reading such positive reviews .
 Our golden retriever puppy chewed through it in about an hour . None of the bees survived . Stuffing and fiberfill everywhere . Not worth the money for so little playtime . Maybe if you have a smaller dog , it would last OK , but for bigger breeds -- forgetaboutit .
 I bought this along with the hide a squirrel for my dog and my daughter 's dog respectively . My dog is a relatively small dog -LRB- under 30 pounds -RRB- and my daughter 's is a beagle . In both cases , this cheaply made toy was ripped to shreds in under 10 minutes . The bees -LRB- or squirrels -RRB- were unable to stand up to even the minimal tugging and chewing that this toy is -LRB- one would assume -RRB- designed to inspire . Pieces came off and the stuffing was all over the floor and I was throwing this piece of junk away as quickly as I could clean up the mess . DO NOT BUY this . My dog has had the egg baby toys for nearly a year now without any problems . These are a much better choice than this junk .
 My 90 boxer had this in shreds in a matter of hours ! Cute concept , but not made for a larger dog . He does still enjoy playing with the bees though .
 My dogs really liked this when it first came out of the box but within less than an hour , the bees were unstuffed and ruined and the hive had been torn apart . This might be great for a non-chewer or a tiny dog but definitely was n't meant for strong chewers or big dogs .
 The very first time my Boxer pup played with this toy he could n't get the rings off ! That 's fine ... but when he finally did , the rings and bone had come apart at the seams . Luckily I was watching him play so I caught it right away and he did n't eat the stuffing . I do n't know if this was a defective product or what but it certainly was a disappointment.I have hand sewn the seams together and he is playing with it but one should n't have to do that with a brand new toy . We own the Hide a Squirrel , by Kyjen , and have had NO issues at all .
 I bought this toy for a 3 month old puppy . He chews but is not a heavy chewer.Within the first 24 hours one of the rings was coming apart at the seams.In the next 24 hours the blue bone was ripped at the seam , the squeaker was out of the stuffing and another ring was torn.I ca n't imagine a dog that could play with this gently enough not to destroy it within days.No good .
 I got this toy for my 7 month old corgi . I read the instructions , which said to start off by removing the rings and letting your dog play with them first . I was glad I did , because I could see right away that the main seam on the blue bone was coming unstitched -- even before my dog played with it ! Then I took a good look at the rings and half of them were coming apart at the seams too . Another disappointing dog toy . Note to dog toy makers
 as soon as she grabbed the toy she pierced the 1st ring !!! The insides came out , she was trying to swallow & almost choked ! Went right into the trash !! UNSAFE !
 After purchasing the Kyjen 6 squeaker snake from PetsMart and realizing that it was a great toy I quickly looked up Kyjen online and found/purchased several other toys . One of which was the large intellibone puzzle . The website never claimed that this toy was chew resistant and I should have known better but my dog likes puzzles so I thought this would be a great toy for her . I have an American Bulldog/Chow mix with razor sharp teeth at the peak of her puppy chewing stage . I quickly realized that she was going to destroy this toy within a day so I took it away from her after a half an hour of play time . On a positive note , she loved this toy until I took it away from her . She did n't quite get the concept of pulling the rings off of the bone within the half an hour she played with it but she had fun playing anyway . Unfortunately she got a hold of the puzzle after I took it away from her and chewed it up completely .
 my dogs ' only intent is to find the squeaker inside . needless to say this toy didnt last very long because of that . they never actually took the time to remove the rings from the bone . i removed one or two for them to see they came off but once removed , they only seemed interested in finding the squeaker inside . so the plush bone and the rings were destroyed within a week . the dogs loved the toy !! but they love the squeakers more . the small was the perfect size for both my yorkie-poo and min pin . the rottweiler liked playing with it too . i would probably buy another one because they liked it so much .
 My pet really likes this , but this is by no means durable . My dog had it for about 12 min . before a squirrel lost a leg and the stuffing was everywhere . After removing that one , the `` stump '' part also got a big tear in it within a 1/2 hour . Maybe the X-Large version would have been better for my 60 lb dog , but I wo n't be spending the money to find out .
 I purchased this for my 3 month old shihlhasa . It already has holes in it and he has barely played with it .
 After being impressed with the advertisement and speaking with some highly motivated Kyjen representatives , I bought a few Kyjen toys . Unfortunately , my dogs either destroyed some in a few minutes or simply were not at all interested in the others .
 I read the reviews and thought that 800 some odd people are doing somewhat fine with the stuff toys , surely it would survive my dog 's playing with it.First of , my dog is not an aggressive chewer . She likes to pick it up and toss it into the air . There is the occasional shaking it around in her mouth activity , but that is the extent . She does not sit there and try to &#34; chew &#34; it death.This toy last less than an hour . She mainly plays with the squirrels because she likes to hear the squeaking . My dog is 11 lbs so I think the LARGE was a good size . The tree stump 's stuffing came out , and I notice that the fur fabric was constructed -LRB- or woven -RRB- too &#34; loosely &#34; -LRB- more like burlap sack weave -RRB- . It 's hard to describe , but I think if they had produce better woven fabric it would not have pull from the stitching so quickly.I wish that I could have bought it from Petsmart . It may have cost a few dollars more but I can always return it if not satisfied.WARNING
 My shepherd ripped apart squirrels within first few minutes . Do n't understand how this would not happen with any lorge dog . Very disappointed .
 I ordered 2 of these and they came today . One was for my Border Collie , and one was for my English Bulldog.Now , do n't get me wrong , the dogs loved them , especially my Border Collie . He figured out how to get the squirrels out immediately , and proceeded to rip all 6 of them apart , right down to the squeaker . Both tree trunks are still good , but no more squirrels ! And I realize that I can order more squirrels , but I can see where this cold turn out to be pricey.I 'll give kudos for a toy that dogs love , but the squirrels are not durable and rip apart in minutes . I 've got torn up squirrels and stuffing all over the yard , and my dogs are now whining for more squirrels .
 This is a cute , soft , cuddy toy which will , no doubt , entertain dogs without much interest in chewing -LRB- or lack the teeth to do so -RRB- . However , our sweet little miniature dachshund -LRB- A -RRB- removed all three `` squirrels '' -LRB- they 're really chipmunks and very cute -RRB- within less than 5 seconds the first time out of the box . Game over . Tree stump irrelevant . Within 15 minutes the three luckless chipmunks were in need of major surgery . Sadly , they are all deceased . The squeakers , like those in almost every dog toy of this type , are cheap , poorly inserted , and inadequately protected from anything but a toothless animal . The seams holding these cuties together are easily ripped open , spilling little chipmunk guts all over the carpet and leaving the `` squeaker '' for your pet to pick up and choke on ! If this toy was for children , it would require a danger warning label . All-in-all it looks cute , but unless your dog is toothless and passive , look for another , better made toy . Amazon is doing no one , including the toy maker , any favors by including this poorly made item under the heading `` for aggressive chewers . '' It is most definitely not ! There 's a reason the price is so low .
 I was so excited to get this product for my German Shepherd as it was recommended on another site for my dog . When I got it she immediately sorted it out . After about three times in a row of pulling out all the &#34; squirrels &#34; - she immediately got bored and tore apart one of the squirrels tails . I took it away after she ripped it up , but then she started in on another one . The tree part seems to be very strong , but the squirrels - - - not so much . I 'm going to look for something small and tough to take their place.Recommendation - use for a small dog or one that is n't a chewer and/or is n't rough on their toys .
 Mr. Buddy ate this in about 20 min . All the squirrels disappeared very quickly , into the trash.It 's a cute idea but it is easily torn apart .
 I just got this today and have only let my dog play with it for an hour under supervision ... and already one little squirrel is starting to lose the fabric over the stuffing that makes up it 's body -LRB- I 'm thinking a body made of stuffing and a squeaker in the middle = choking hazard = expensive vet bill -RRB- . She has had fun pulling the little squirrels out but I do n't expect her to be able to play with it longer than maybe another hour or two -LRB- and again , under supervision -RRB- . This toy is really better suited for a human baby . It 's soft and made of similar material to a stuffed animal -LRB- although , my daughter has tougher stuffed animals than this -RRB- . Very disappointed . My recommendation
 I bought this after reading many reviews saying it was durable and felt it would be a good buy . My 75 pound dog had the toy tore apart in less than 5 minutes . She had no problem getting the squirrels out of the nest and then broke the squeaker part . She also tore the decoration things off of the nest without much effort . Definitely would n't buy this for a dog that is a chewer!I also would have liked to have had information on what size toy is meant for what size dog prior to buying . It was very difficult to decide what size to get .
 I bought this toy reading the reviews and thought it could be good mental exercise for my GSD puppy but he figured it out within 3 seconds and the only use of this toy is now for chewing ... Although my dog loves the cute squirrels , they are poorly made.The squeakers broke in two days . . I would n't suggest this toy for German shepherds . .
 My Border Collie really loved this toy , however , he had the squirrels out in seconds . After getting the squirrels out he proceeded to tear up every one of them quickly . Finally , he ripped the tree to shreds . So , if your dog is rough on toys this is not for you . It 's too bad because it is a cute idea and a cute toy . If they made a sturdier version I would buy again .
 I purchased this Hide-A-Squirrel toy to give to a friend 's dog at Christmas . However , I was lucky enough here in August to keep their dog for the weekend while they took a trip . Knowing the dog would not tell what she was getting for Christmas , I decided to let her play with the Hide-A-Squirrel . Well , she was able to pull fur off of the tails of the little squirrels . I spotted her trying to get the fur off of her tongue . Concerned that she would ingest the fur and have some intestinal blockage problem , I took all of it away from her and now must come up with some other Christmas present . I am glad I did not wait and give this defective toy at Christmas . It would be horrible to give a toy to a friend 's dog and then have the dog get sick because of the toy .
 I boughts five of these for Christmas presents for my dog and my granddogs . The dogs loved them , but it was n't long before the squeakers were pulled out and the stuffing was all over the floor .
 I hate the squeakers in this toy . It encourages destructiveness in my hunting dog . I 'm sure it 's fine for some dogs , but take this as a warning if your dog `` kills '' squeakers .
 Fuzzy hair bitten off , legs and squeeker removed from each squirrel . They 're dead , toy is no fun anymore . Not tough enough for mini schnauzers.Maybe good for a tea-cut sized dog .
 The size large is deceptive . I received the toy and it 's barely bigger than my hands . I emailed supplier to complain about the size and they mailed me another product free of charge . That was nice , but they should never say that it is size `` large '' . That is completely false . The toy is fun , but if you have a big dog with a big nose , it would have problems trying to get the squirrels out of the treehouse.There 's my two cents , Stan
 Toy was interesting at first , but now , about two weeks after receiving it , my terrier mix has done something with the squirrels/chipmunks and we can not find them . Sometimes she will play with the house , but what good is that without the critters that go in it ? Definitely requires parental supervision ! Maybe these should be tethered together somehow ... too expensive to have missing pieces .
 Kyjen PP01056 Hide-A-Squirrel Pet Toy , LargeOkay - so my mom is expecting a new Bichon Bolognese , in a few weeks . SO I decided to buy this squirrel -LRB- really does look more like a chipmunk -RRB- toy what a mistake . It is just the pits . `` Oh '' its cute alright and the shipping was fine . Except when I took it outta the box it kinda , well , smelled like `` plastic '' . Sorry no other verbiage comes to mind on the `` scent '' . So I decided to wash it on my mom 's deli cycle with Seventh Generation -LRB- also sold on Amazon - and I HIGHLY recommend these products -RRB- - but it happened anyways.The basting stitches pulled out - I mean I merely tugged the basting stitch on the green leaves and viola - the leaves feel off . So then I checked the product for puppy safety . Then I found 2 seam holes in the actual trunk , or stump , which ever . SO now I have to send it back ... DISCLAIMER ~ ~ ~ ~ it is good to note that the chipmunks were not harmed in this `` wash testing '' and they - all 3 - remain in tact and will be going back to amazon promptly -LRB- I just Cant lose my PETA membership -RRB- ! LOLSeriously , this is not a safe pet toy for new pups under , I am guessing 5 lbs . Parts and pieces will or can be swallowed . Bummer
 We have bought stuffed dog toys that employ some form of `` chew-guard '' backing to help the toy withstand the chewing that 's to be expected with a dog . I would n't expect toys like this to last forever , but I do expect them to survive at least a few days -LRB- to hopefully a few weeks -RRB- . Unfortunately , This toy does n't seem to be designed with dogs in mind . He had already torn open the first squirrel within 5 minutes of play . So although this is a great LOOKING toy , it does n't appear to be durable .
 I bought this for my 12 pound pomapoo the squirrels were torn in five minutes . The tree lasted ten minutes . Not well made . If you have chewer stick to plastic .
 In two days my puppy got to the squeaker / stuffing in 2 of the three toy squirrels -LRB- trashed -RRB- . The tree is not to far behind . Definitely not a toy for puppies .
 My dog loved it ! But it was destroyed in less than 24 hours . My dog does destroy most toys though . Wish it would of lasted , he had fun with it .
 We have ordered the squirrels many time with no issues - this order had one box that immediately the seams ripped on each squirrel . The faulty set was given to the oldest dog who loved her first batch of squirrels and was recently diagnosed with cancer thru out her system . I knew she would love some new squirrels . I had to stitch up each squirrel around the entire tail area and other portions of the body ; obvious issue with stitching . The other box went to a 9 month old puppy who plays continuously with the squirrels and not one of them had to be repaired . First bad experience with my order of squirrels .
 My Boston Terrier puppy -LRB- 5 mos . -RRB- loved this toy . He loves the squirrels still , but he can no longer love the tree stump . After 2 hours of playing with the squirrels and getting them out of the tree stump , it started to rip and the stuffing was coming out so I had to discard the stump . I am not sure if this is shotty material , because he is a bit rough on some of his toys . If you buy this , make sure that your dog is n't rough on toys .
 My puppy LOVED this toy , but it is marketed as durable , and within 24 hours she had ripped open the bottom of the toy and eaten the cardboard that was sewn in the bottom . She threw it up , and although she is still playing with the toy I feel reluctant to recommend !
 Our 7 mo. . Golden Retriever puppy instantly loved this toy , jamming her nose into the plush tree holes to get at the squeaky critters and carry them around a bit . Though we adored seeing her happy and supervised her closely , I think this toy has one considerable flaw - it seems poorly constructed . The concept is great , but the object just did n't hold up for the recommended play . Just by playing at our feet for a few minutes at a time , she popped a hole in the bottom , ripped the thread holding the felt leaves and seams holding the tree trunk together , and yanked out loose stuffing . She also easily ripped off the weakly adhered fur on the animal tails . We use and love interactive toys , but even for a supervised toy , it did n't stay intact for even a few days . She 's had the iQube too , which was a bit sturdier . I wish this company would make a better product for the good concepts they have .
 I purchased this item as a christmas gift for my 6 month old puppy -LRB- catahoula/lab -RRB- . After she got it on christmas day she immediately started to rip the tree apart . The squirrel 's lasted about a week more , but she eventually tore them open as well and got all of the stuffing out . This item in my opinion is good for a smaller dog who is not out to rip and tear everything apart . My puppy was not interested at all in seeking the squirrel 's out from inside the tree .
 This toy is very cute but it took my two 8 month old lab mix puppies about 15 minutes to pull out the pieces . I was a little disappointed it was not too much of a challenge .
 This toy was not a challenge to my dog . Within a few days she ripped it apart and began to eat the stuff inside . I had to throw it away .
 our dog is a plush toy killer - we learned it with this toy . within minutes the tails were off , then the feet , and then squirrel stuffing guts galore . if your dog is like ours , stay away from wasting your money .
 I have ordered the large hide a squirrel in the past and eventually my dog busted through all the squirrels -LRB- which is fine we knew he would , but the toy is so cheap that we planned to rebuy -RRB- . I went for the ginormous version this time to change it up and the squirrels did n't last a day ! The seems busted much faster with the ginormous . Also , I have a 60 lb lab mix and he seems to like the large stump more . He does n't really stick his head in this ginormous one .
 But my little dogs ripped the squirrels up within one day . Stuffing everywhere . Why ca n't they make these more durable . I have resorted to buying other tough little toys to hide in the tree and we still use the stump . I wo n't bother buying replacement squirrels they are an inferier product . I give the squirrels a 5 for cuteness and a 1 I hate it for durability .
 We have a 1.12 pound puppy -LRB- pomeranian puppy -RRB- , and she recently started hacking , like she was trying to clear her throat . We could n't figure out the source for this , until we found that the stitching on the INSIDE of this toy -LRB- the log , where the squirrels go -RRB- was not properly sewn , and there was exposed stuffing along the inside of this log/toy . She had been eating the stuffing ! Lo and behold , when we took this toy away the hacking has almost completely gone away . She is ITTY BITTY and not an aggressive chewer , but with any puppy , if they can eat the stuffing and it 's exposed they will do it . For the price , I am extremely disappointed ! I thought this would be a high quality toy , and found out the hard way that it is not . BE CAREFUL PURCHASING THIS TOY .
 Our puppy loves puzzles and plush toys , so we thought this would be perfect for her . She figured it out in about a minute . But she still loved tossing the chipmunks around and such so I thought no big deal . About an hour later , she started pulling the stuffing out of the trunk . There goes that toy .
 my yorkipoo loved the toy , but it is not dog proof . he ripped the material very easily and started eating the inside . not sewn well . But , he does love it ! Great idea just needs to be tweeked .
 The dogs really did enjoy this , but did not last with a Lab and Rottweiler . they killed the poor little squirrels in a day or two . It was fun watching them . This would be better for a smaller less destructive breed .
 My 3 month old portuguese water dog , loved the squirrels but also loved to play tug of war . So she ripped open all the squirrels fairly quickly and I had to throw them away because there is this green stuffing and plastic squek toy part . She does still have the larger part which is intact . Not good for tug of war .
 I do n't know if the quality of the product has diminished over the years , but I would n't suggest anyone waste their money on such a poor quality item . I was so excited to receive my package . However , the squirrels barely squeaked . I kept on trying to squeeze them , but all I heard was the puff of air . Wow , what a let down ! I knew the price was too good to be true . Sometimes it 's true ; you get what you pay for . I plan to still let my pet play with the toy . It 's not like he knows the toy is suppose to squeak .
 I unpacked this item and tossed it to my pup -LRB- 1yr old Shepard mix -RRB- to play with . I watched as he removed each ` squirrel ' played with it for about 10min till the squeaker went out . Then it took him another 5min to rip the toy apart . All told it took him about 1hr to destroy all three ` squirrels ' and then about another hr to have the ` nest ' torn apart also.Not a very good return on price vs entertainment !
 I got the large toy even though I have a minature poodle cause I figured this would be made tougher since it was suppose to be for larger dogs . The first day he started playing with this he loved it . And we had tons of fun playing . By the end the night the fun was done however . He had two squirrels ripped apart on top which appeared to be a seam area . He does n't have much interest in it now with just one squirrel left . If this was meant for larger dogs they really should of made the stitching much stronger .
 Our dog loved the toy , but it took under five minutes for it to be torn through . Not a great buy for large dogs .
 Multiple attempts to get assistance or even a response from the manufacturer -LRB- phone , email , letter -RRB- have been useless . I have a 3 pound Yorkie who totally destroyed the squirrels within the first two hours of playing with it . The dog loved the toy and I bought the large model -LRB- for my tiny dog -RRB- thinking it would help the durability . If my 3 pound Yorkie can destroy these squirrels that fast , I 'd hate to see how long they last with a bigger dog . Great toy for engaging and stimulating the dog . The quality of the materials is horrible . The response from the company is nothing .
 I tried this with my toller and it took him about 15seconds to remove all squirrels from the tree . Sure he loves the small squirrels and just carrying around the big trunk but he could have the same excitement from any small squeaky toys . I was hoping that it would take him a bit longer to get the squirrels out but alas it takes me longer to stuff them in .
 This toy is not very good at all . The squirrels are too small and easily fit through the holes in the stump . My dog just bites any part of the squirrel , shakes her head once , and the squirrel comes out . After the first one is out , the others come out even easier . In about a minute , it is over . She still likes playing with the individual toys , but it could be much better . Get the Kyjen Platypus , the eggs in the belly do n't come out easily at all . Most importantly my dog looooves the Platypus and will play for a good 30 minutes with it , and only maybe 5-10 with the stump .
 This is the second time that I have submitted a review without any results . Ordered the `` JUMBO '' hide a squirrel -LRB- check sellers advertisement -RRB- , received the regular size.After Amazon contacted the seller , they called and stated that the Jumbo dog toy would be sent to me with a mail it back label to send the original toy back.It 's Sept. 27th - have n't received anything ????? Edward S. Baker
 My puppy destroyed this toy in minutes . Labrador retriever tore out the lining of the `` tree '' and began eating it . The squirrel/chipmunk 's whiskers stuck in his throat and the squeakers were history . Very entertaining toy for five minutes .
 We have a Chihuahua and she loved playing with this toy . The only problem is that after about 3 weeks she already ripped off the ears on almost all of the squirrels and slightly ripped open the base -LRB- which has some hard cardboard -RRB- . It 's a cute and entertaining toy , but it 's very important that you watch your pet while they play . That 's supposed to be the rule with toys ... but let 's just say that you 've been warned !
 I saw all the good reviews on the Hide a Squirrel so I bought it for my 10 lb Westie puppy . She must have really sharp teeth or the toy is junk . She had it ripped in minutes , she enjoyed it but I had to take it away and throw it away because she ripped the trunk up in no time at all . I feel like I took my money and ripped it up . I guess her teeth are just stronger than other dog 's but she destroyed it in minutes and I feel really cheated out of the money I spent and feel bad that I had to throw out something she was enjoying but she was pulling it apart in tiny pieces and I was afraid she 'd swallow it . I had the same issue with another of this companie 's toys so I wo n't buy another . I 'll get her the cheap ones from Walmart , at least I do n't feel so bad when they are ripped up . I sent a letter of complaint to the company but I am sure I 'll never hear back from them .
 My puppy -LRB- Rhodesian Ridgeback -RRB- was able to pull all the squirrels out within a few minutes . Furthermore , within 5 hours of playing , she had the stuffing torn out of 2 of the 3 squirrels .
 The Hide-A-Squirrel is a cute item . The biggest problem with this product is the squirrels are too small for a large dog . They are about the size of my fist . My 65 pound 6 month old puppy is too large to play with the squirrels ; which is too bad given he really loves squeaker toys . They fit entirely in his mouth and I fear he may choke on them . I expected them to be larger given I ordered the ginormous size , and I was highly disappointed .
 While a cute set and fun to play with our 10lb chihuhua/daschund mix , re-inserting the little critters for him to retrieve again , leaving him to play with this alone for 15 minutes ended up with stuffing spread around and the tree trunk left shredded open ... This is not for any chewers without supervision .
 So two of the squirrels lasted for -LRB- drum roll please -RRB- ... 5 minutes tops . Wow I was frustrated . I thought the squirrels were stuck inside the tree and when the dog went to grab them they retreated inside . Instead , the squirrels come out and can be completely chewed . One squirrel got lost under the couch so it lasted for awhile . The tree itself was more fun for the dog as it was bigger . The tree lasted for 3 weeks before the stuffing started flying out . Boooo this toy ! I would have given this product 1 star if the tree did not last for 3 weeks . The dog actually got some entertainment out of that .
 It is a cute toy and my dog loves it ... maybe too much . . the plush tree trunk part that you put the squirrel/chipmunks in was destroyed in a matter of minutes by my 7 month old Westie . She loves the squirrels and has removed the tail from one of them already . . was a fun toy for a minute .
 My dog really loved this toy , BUT the squirrels are in pieces after 3 days ! And my dog is a tiny little fellow -LRB- chihuahua/corgi mix -RRB- .
 I was super excited about this toy for my 1 year old bichon frise . It 's cute and he played with it right away , shaking the tree to pop the squirrels out . He is not a crazy chewer , but within 1 hour of starting to play with this , the squeakers in all 3 squirrels went out . Then , he easily ripped the ear off one squirrel and ate that fabric . Shortly after that , he chewed through one of the squirrels and nearly ate a small plastic squeaker part that popped right out . I had to take the squirrels away after less than 2 hours of play because I do n't feel he can safely play with them even under supervision . The stuffing and plastic parts of the squeaker are potential choking hazards . He is still playing with the tree trunk ok so maybe I 'll keep that and put his other toys in it . I bought another one as a gift for a friend 's dog but had to cancel my order to avoid giving a potential choking hazard to another dog . My bichon has played with a snugga wubba with no wear/tear for over a month despite lots of biting , tugging , and shaking , but these squirrels just did not hold up . 2 stars are for cuteness and the tree stump which can be used with other toys .
 I learned a lesson as my dog is newly adopted - no more fabric toys of any kind . 3 year old lab mix tore this thing apart in less than 5 minutes . He 's not aggressive at all , but likes things that squeak . I did n't expect it to last forever , but this was ridiculous . Literally just a few bites and the stitching was split open and stuffing was flying . Save your money !
 My dog simply does n't care for this toy . He likes the squirrels , but after lots of effort to get him excited , I will put the squirrel in the trunk , and then he will try for 5 seconds to get it out of the trunk , but then give up . It 's a cute idea , though .
 The Hide-A-Squirrel pet toy is very cute and come in a nice box . I have 2 young boston terriers ; one is 10 lbs . the other is 15 lbs . Both dogs started to play with it right away.I kid you not , 15 minutes after giving this toy to my dogs , I went into the bedroom and found stuffing material everywhere on the floor . Yes , they had a blast with it . Only problem , it is not built to last . I gave it 1 star because it looks good in the box and displays it attractively .
 Ok , cute toy , well made.And here 's the but ... I have a shih tzu , and I do n't know if it 's because of my dog 's breed , but he sniffed the toy , bit the toy , played with it for literally 2 mintues and was no longer amused . So this toy is sitting in the corner . I think I will be donating someone , hopefully they 'll get more use of it then we did .
 The squirrel tower is adorable , funny and a great idea . The squirrels were destroyed in 1.5 minutes . My dogs tore them up faster than most of their toys . It was funny to watch them but depressing it lasted such a short time . The tower however is still in one piece . My Jack Russells think nothing of pulling out the squirrels and tearing out the guts . I am now left with stuffing everywhere and squeakers shreddded .
 My small dog -LRB- dachund/norfolk terrier -RRB- loved this item when she saw it but it was destroyed within a couple hours . .
 The Hide-A-Squirrel toy is designed to encourage your dog to interact with it by enticing the dog to try and get all of the squirrels out of the tree stump . Unfortunately my dog did n't have any interest in taking the squirrels out of the tree , as much as I encouraged him , although he was interested in the squirrels themselves . He just tossed the tree stump around for a bit , and the little squirrels were chewed to pieces within minutes .
 The tree stump is the only thing that can withstand the chewing . The squirrels are already ripped up and my dog is still has her puppy teeth ... if she had adult teeth , the squirrels would only last 5 seconds .
 One of the squirrels began unraveling along the top seam -LRB- it was NOT chewed through by our dog -RRB- within 10 minutes of play . We have had conventional stuffed animals as dog toys that have lasted years.Aside from falling apart , it seemed like an ok toy . The dogs -LRB- a 7 year old Blue Healer mix , and a 9 year old pit mix -RRB- figured out how to get the squirrels out within about 2 minutes , but were still enjoying themselves chewing on the squeaky little squirrels . It was a bit too easy for them though , and if I were to buy another one -LRB- which I 'm not , since the quality is crap -RRB- I 'd probably get one of the toys with a single hole .
 Kyjen PP01056 Hide-A-Squirrel Pet Toy , LargeThis item was given to our 60 pound Labrador Retriever for Christmas . The squirrels are quite small and contain a squeaker . He swallowed the squirrel whole before we could get it out of his mouth . When we looked at the size of the other squirrels it was clear that it was not going to pass through his intestines . We took him to an emergency animal clinic and they induced vomiting with Apomorphhine . This did not work due to the size of the squirrel which would not allow it to pass back up through the gastro-esophageal sphincter and through the esophagus . He ended up having to have an operation -LRB- gastrotomy -RRB- to remove it . This product should be immediately taken off the market the squirrels will be able to be swallowed by all but very small breeds .
 Unless your intentions are to have your dog push this Squirrel toy , and 3 wonderful squirrel babies , around with her nose , reconsider this purchase . The fabric around the squirrel babies was so tightly stitched that the split immediately with only normal fetching , biting and retrieving from my Golden retriever pup of 10 months . The squirrel log home itself was next . The toy breaks along the seams . The babies break with little compression . They split ... like pant seams with obesity . The squirrel house will separate along any seam as well with normal play . It will happen fast . If this is n't `` fun '' enough with this piece of junk , the white filling ends up all over the house and in the yard . I bought another Kyjen toy from Amazon , the Platypus with 3 eggs . Another piece of junk with the exact same problems but even more white filling to pick up everywhere . Both were returned . Walmart had some stuffed dog toys for 5.00 . I bought a cat that has a rope ring as its front legs . Weeks and that cheap Walmart toy is still intact and being played with daily . I will go get another from Walmart soon . I do not recommend KYJEN junk for your dog , your peace of mind and your homes cleanliness .
 Although the item was very cute , within 45 minutes my dog had all the squirrels out and the squeakers and all the stuffing out of the squirrels . I do n't know what kind of dog would n't destroy this unless it was one with no teeth . My dog is about a medium-sized , 2-year old hound-shepherd mix and he went through this toy in a matter of minutes . Very disappointed .
 I have a Golden Retriever who is almost 8 . He 's not particularly destructive . I gave him the squirrels about 45 minutes ago . He 's not really interested , they 're lying next to him now , with some in the trunk and he 's not bothered about removing them because he has one little one ripped open next to him . He had about 10 minutes of enjoying squeaking them and then destroyed two by chewing on them . The $ 5 Petsmart toys survive for few months longer than this did -LRB- all of 30 minutes -RRB- . Disappointing . After good reviews I 'd hoped he might find this fun .
 My dog 's single purpose in life seems to be the removal of squeakers from toys . This product did not last long . BUT after squeaker & stuffing removal I was able to triage the squirrels with a few stitches and they have managed to hang around . The same can not be said for the stump/house thing . The bottom is filled with cardboard , which my dog discovered and chewed into tiny , wet pieces . The stump was trashed.Mangled , amputee squirrels still going .
 Thought my dauschund would love this since his lifes moto is &#34; seek and destroy &#34; . He got the little squirrels out right way . He has not played with it since , only that one time . I guess it is not challenging any longer . The little squirrels are very firm , so he and my other pups do n't like playing with them . They are to firm to shake around like dogs like to do with toys .
 I had one of these before and it lasted a few months . My Scotty picked up one and it was in multiple partsin 30 seconds ! We have beanie babies that they have tussled with for months that are still in tact . In lesshours 5 chipmunks were in the trash . No , they could not be repaired.Seriously , do n't bother . I have two small non-destructive dogs .
 First , the squirrels were too easy to get out of the tree , and secondly my dog had all the squirrels torn apart by the second day . I would not recommend this toy to anyone !
 My dog loves the toys . Tears them out of the stump cheerfully . The issue is that she also pulled the stuffing and squeaker out within 10 minutes . So six squirrels would make about and hour of play time . My dog is not huge , about 45 pounds . Was hoping for better durability ...
 I purchased this toy for my 7-month-old Border Collie and had it sent on to me in New Zealand by a friend in the US . Unfortunately , this means I 'd need to jump through hoops -LRB- and big shipping expense -RRB- to return it or it would be on its way back.The packaging arrived in perfect condition but on opening the box I noticed that one of the squirrels had stuffing poking out of its head . On closer inspection it was obvious that the stitching has n't been done properly . Two of the squirrels have holes and need to be sewn up before my puppy can play with it.I bought the Jumbo size in the hope that my dog would get plenty of playtime with the toy and its very disappointing that the quality is so poor . Thankfully , I noticed these before my dog got to play with the toy as I doubt she would have been able to resist pulling the stuffing out !
 gEE , THIS HIDE A SQUIRREL HAD THE HIgHEST REVIEW . -LRB- STATING A GERMAN SHERPARD ENJOYED THIS . -RRB- ... . i BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SONS MIN-PIN -LRB- my grandson hahah -RRB- The first 20 minutes he had a ball and loved it and so did we and I said to myself `` I 'm gon na buy him all of them eventurally '' -RRB- ... . BUT THEN , IT HAD TO BE TAKEN AWAY . He quickly chewed through the stuffing ... I was so disappointed and all our excitement was very short lived ... . I would n't reccommend this product -LRB- and I payed full price -RRB- ... your dog should be monitered while playing with these hide away toys due to the fact even a small dog will quickly chew through to the stuffing ... i consider it `` DANGEROUS '' FOR YOUR PET . UNFORTUNATELY , CAUSE HE REALLY HAD A GREAT TIME FOR THe few `` MOMENTS '' IT LASTED . i REGRET not having a better view of this product .
 The Hide-A-Toy Squirrel offers my dogs no challenge whatsoever and neither they nor I understand how this is referred to as a puzzle . It even comes with instructions as to how best to introduce it , including to store it in the dirty laundry hamper for twelve hours in order to cover it with our scent prior to giving it to our dogs so that they can locate the squirrels . Were this a long tree trunk with numerous critters well hidden inside such that it required extensive digging and twisting and turning inside out to locate them , my dogs would enjoy it . Instead , it offer no challenge . Place a stuffed animal sticking out of a teacup and that 's a comparable level of challenge . A Kong with an item stored inside presents more intrigue .
 We purchased the Ginormous Hide-A-Squirrel for our five dogs who love their stuffed toys . This toy literally lasted 10 minutes before the tree fabric had a hole in it and the stuffing was being pulled out . The chipmunks were also torn to shreds in no time . I have several cheapo stuffed dog toys from Walmart that have lasted for months . In the future we will stick with the VIP Products Mighty dog toys as they have typically survived more than a year . It gets one star because they enjoyed it for the 10 minutes it held up .
 I got this as a gift or a joke My 100 pound dog did n't hesitate he ripped it apart quickly.I guess he does n't like cute cuddly squirrels ...
 Edit
 This review is for Kyjen PP01058 Hide-A-Squirrel Pet Toy , JUMBO SIZE.My dog WINNIE enjoyed getting a new toy for CHRISTMAS ! First , I inspected the SQUIRRELS which did n't seem all that durable . She promptly found one of the SQUIRRELS in less than 10 seconds . The only problem was IT 'S HEAD CAME OFF AS SOON AS SHE PULLED IT OUT ! I quickly replaced this product with her KONG TOY which has lasted for over -LSB- 2 -RSB- years . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TOY FOR LARGE DOGS
 After purchasing the Kyjen 6 squeaker snake from PetsMart and realizing that it was a great toy I quickly looked up Kyjen online and found/purchased several other toys . One of which was the large hide-a-squirrel toy . The website never claimed that this toy was chew resistant and I should have known better but it was too cute to pass up . I have an American Bulldog/Chow mix with razor sharp teeth at the peak of her puppy chewing stage . I quickly realized that she was going to destroy this toy within a day so I took it away from her after a half an hour of play time . On a positive note , she loved this toy until I took it away from her . She really enjoyed pulling the little squirrels out of the tree trunk . I ended up leaving the toy with my mom , a squirrel lover , for her cats . Surprisingly , her cats love this toy just as much as my dog did so it worked out just fine . I would recommend this product to someone with a dog that does n't try to chew up their toys .
 We have a one year old Giant Schnauzer who needs to chew and he inhales rawhide , so after reading reviews I thought it sounded sturdy ... 15 minutes after getting the toy , which is really cute & he loved it , my daughter was sewing it back together . I know he 's a big powerful boy , this toy is not for big dogs .
 I was so excited to order this product for my dog . All the chew toys I 've bought him for the past 7 years have held up for years . All the squirrels fell apart at the seams the first time he played with them . The only part of this toy that is `` sturdy '' is the tree stump . I am so disappointed with this product I would n't recommend it to anyone . Use the same money and buy something that is constructed better !
 My 20 pound dog destroyed this cheap piece of garbage after playing with it for less than an hour . The `` trunk '' part of the toy was ripped apart and its stuffing pulled out with no effort at all . I blame cheap stitching . What a waste of money . I would recommend instead getting some durable squeak toys and skipping this product . I honestly have no idea why it is the highest rated dog toy on Amazon .
 I purchased this for my 1 year old small dog . I 've purchased several dog toys on Amazon and never had a problem . I thought this was cute and would be great . But there are major problems with this toy . Listed below :1 . The `` fake '' whiskers on each of the squirrels are cheap plastic strips that came off in the first day and I had to prevent my dog from chewing/eating it !!! 2 . My dog enjoyed it for a while when he did n't know how to take the squirrels out at first , but then every 5 seconds I have to put all 3 in the thing because it 's way to easy to get them out . Not much enjoyed really . So basically you just get a stuffed jar and 3 little squeakers . : -LRB- 3 . After only a WEEK ! All 3 of the squirrels are ripped to shreds and my dog got all the stuffing and plastic squeaker thing out of them . What a waste of money . Very poorly made ... Stuffing everywhere I had to pick up and throw away .
 My puppy loved this , she would n't stop playing with it for 30 minutes , however within that time one of the squekers caved in and does n't work anymore .
 While the hide a squirrel is a great idea and my puppy enjoyed it , its very poor quality . 1 of the squirrels squeakers didnt work from the start , and after 20 minutes of play , 2 of the squirrels ears have come off as well as some hair . My puppy has numerous stuffed toys and has not destroyed any , so I was very surprised at how quickly these came apart . Its too bad b/c toy really is a lot of fun for her !
 This was fun for my dogs for the first few minutes but then all they want to do is chew up the squirrels , which are not very durable . So I constantly have to take then away from them . If your dog likes to chew on their toys I would n't recommend .
 5 mini-schnauzers + 1 Hide-A-Squirrel = shredded found squirrels and torn apart tree trunk in under 10 minutes.This toy is cute , but does n't hold up unless the dog -LRB- s -RRB- have no teeth .
 and the first day she pulled a string on one little squirrel and next I knew there was STUFFING to get away from her ! Also , even though Kyjen 's website tells you about Kyle and Jennifer it does NOT disclose these toys are made in CHINA !
 My dog mastered this toy in about 30 seconds . It 's not very difficult to pull the squirrels out of it . It certainly does n't keep him occupied by himself ! He just treats it like any other squeaky toy .
 I would not recommend this product for any dog/puppy that is an active chewer . Our 7-month little girl had chewed the legs off two of the squirrels , ripped the bottom seam , and removed/then shredded the cardboard liner in less than 30 minutes . Further item is manufactured in China , so I worried about the physical properties of the cardboard . Finally , was surprised how small the `` large '' was . I bought this item after reading the very positive reviews . I wish I could have left a positive review .
 the tree used to hide the squirrels in is much smaller than expected , about 14 '' tall , and has a small string on top I assume you are supposed to hang it buy . Our dogs see it just as much as a toy to chew on and run around the house with than anything else . It is too flimsy to stand on its own in order for the dogs to get the toys from . I am glad I got this on the gold box deal because I am disappointed in it overall
 I just recieved this toy and gave it to my 4 pound Miki puppy to play with . What a disappointment ... This toy is a piece of junk . My pup literally played with it for one day and the squirrels starting coming apart.Don ' t bother buying this toy , it is not made well enough as a dog toy.Amazon , I am very disappointed that you would even consider selling this garbage .
 My Hairless Chinese Crested LOVED this toy ! He figured out how to get the squirrels out and loved the challenge . He is not a destructive dog , just obsessive about his toys.One by one the squeakers stopped squeaking within a week . They simply collapsed and stopped making any noise.It is a great concept , just poor quality . I could have bought 3 toys from Walmart that would lasted longer.Lesson learned .
 Definitely not for larger breeds even if they 're puppies . She tore though it after 10 minutes and it is ruined ans useless .
 My Cairn Terrier absolutely loved this toy and it took him only a few seconds to become an expert at getting the squirrels out of the trunk . He walked around for hours with one of the squirrels in his mouth , then finally sat down and proceeded to tear it up and eat the stuffing . It made him terribly sick and was a real mess to clean up . Much to his dismay , I had to take this toy away from him for his own good . I do not recommend this toy , at least not for this breed of dog .
 Sadly , this is a classic case of ... my review title . : -LRB- I 've got three dogs -LRB- an adult Saluki and Brittany , and a six-month-old Beagle puppy -RRB- , so this seemed like a perfect Christmas gift for them . A puzzle toy of their favorite sort -- the soft , squeaky variety ! I chose the squirrel one because , although all three choices were very cute -LRB- birds and bees were the other two -RRB- , I simply found the rodents most appealing . One adorable little squirrel per dog , plus a log home . What could be better ? As it turns out
 I have two mini daschunds who love toys ... especially squeaky toys . Since daschunds are bred for badger hunting , I just knew they would love seeking the squirrels inside this `` log '' . They were absolutely thrilled and could n't leave it alone for about 45 minutes . However , the squirrels were relieved of their squeakers and ripped to shreds in short order . I continued to `` hide '' the squirrels inside the log and then throw it for them to dig them out again , but because the squirrels guts and squeakers were gone , so was the challenge . Great idea for an interactive dog toy , it just did n't hold up well to my two little guys . : o -LRB-
 My minuature poodle loved the toy . To be fair , it arrived very quickly and my dog loved it immediately . However , the squirrels fell apart within hours , and he removed and chewed up the plastic squeakers . Very disappointed !
 I mean most dog toys do break sooner or later , but these break so fast with my small dog that it 's pathetic . I mean I know the company wants us to buy replacement squirrels , but they just got too greedy here by making the life of the product so short . So I am replacing those squirrel with Kong brand toys , they know how to make tough toys and they will get my business . I give an extra star just because the trunk is pretty tough -LRB- showing that the company could but did not make the squirrels tough too -RRB- .
 My dogs had this entire toy ripped apart in a couple hours . The dogs &#34; killed &#34; all the squirrels and even the tree trunk . I had to throw it all away before someone swallowed a &#34; dead &#34; squirrel .
 I have a jack russell puppy and he pulled the squirrels out within a minute of me handing him the toy . He does play with the little squirrels and he loves to shake the tree stump . But it was n't stimulating for him at all .
 I bought the large size so my 4 month old pug puppy and my 8 year old retriever mix could both play with it . They did both enjoy it . Unfortunately the pug puppy is a chewer and in less than a week all 3 ` squirrels ' had multiple open seams . Squirrel 1 had open seams the day after it arrived . Squirrel 2 had the same problem 3 days after it arrived . The final squirrel lasted a week . The description said `` Durable enough to withstand tough play '' . Nope . I 've had puppies that were much harder on toys than this pug too . Part of the problem seems to be a quality control issue as no other toy we 've had has had seams open like this.The ` log ' part is great for putting other toys in though - and they enjoy chasing the empty ` log ' around . Its pretty funny to see a puppy carrying this thing around when its half her size.So - if I were rating the FUN , it would be 5 stars . For a few days . Durability ? 1 star .
 Our Goldendoodles -LRB- 8 months and 5 months -RRB- absolutely loved this toy . The squirrels are ideal for self play , easy to sling around in the air , toss , juggle , throw , fetch , hide ; and they loved digging the squirrels out of tree trunk as well -- this kept them occupied and never bored . Problem
 I got this toy in the mail 20 minutes ago and my 35 lb dog has already torn a hole in the stump and the top of one of the squirrel 's head . Good concepts , but not for dogs who are tough players !
 I bought this based on the reviewers who claim their dogs can not destroy this toy . My yellow lab took about 2 minutes to rip the holes in the tree wide enough for the squirrels to fall right out . It 's obvious just looking at the material that it is not built to take much abuse as it 's the same cheap cloth and stitching found on the majority of dog toys out there . This might be good for a dog who does not usually tear up toys , but for a typical dog like mine this toy is worthless - a complete waste of money !
 Hide a Squirrel is a fun interactive toy , however , interactive is the key word . My dog likes the game but she likes one of us to play with her . Not a toy to keep her happy in our absence . Once I put a few treats in , that is all she wanted to look for & had no interest in pulling out the squirrels .
 Our cattle dog/corgi mix loved it . To death.Unfortunately , that only took 5 minutes . He does still play with the squirrels if I throw them , but he 's just as happy with a tennis ball . I would n't recommend this for any dog that likes to chew or pull on his or her toys .
 The `` tree '' has a plastic disk in the bottom , between 2 layers of fabric . My westie became obsessed with chewing the plastic and eventually chewed right through the fabric and would have eaten pieces of the plastic had I not taken it away . I ended up ripping out the inner layer of fabric and the trunk has been ok since . The squirrels are not that durable . One 's squeaker was silenced while my dog was trying to get it out of the tree . Two of the squirrels are starting to come apart already and will need some mending . All that being said , it 's pretty cute to watch her with the tiny squirrels . So , provided you do n't mind making a few modifications if needed and making minor repairs to the squirrels this is a pretty good toy .
 My Corgi and I enjoyed this for about three weeks until first the log got shredded and then one by one the squirrels were eviscerated . I 'm still finding fluffs of the stuffing under furniture weeks later .
 my corgi does n't like this toy , very much . I got her to play with it once or twice , she got bored with it because she got one squirrel out and would n't even they to get the other ones , she left it alone and went and got another toy to play with , so i made a mistake buying this toy
 I 've owned both the Pet Blinker and the Bling Bling pet blinker . The Bling is at least twice as bright . The Pet Blinker is well-tooled . So , if you want an attractive decoration , buy the Pet Blinker . However , if you want an effective system , buy a couple of Bling Bling pet blinkers . -LRB- I mounted four blings , one on each corner of my dog 's backpack . You can easily see him from a hundred yards away at night ! -RRB-
 I was n't even able to put this on my dog while in the house b/c it shed feathers every where !! I could have understood a few but they all have fallen off now and i 've only had it a week !!!!
 How long can the bacteria survive on its own ? When they ship it to you , is it fresh ? How long is it in the mail system , or sitting at the post office ? They say to refrigerate it once you have it , so does it have time for the organisms to die?I did n't notice any effect after I had followed the instructions and taken the whole bottle . Is it enough to help ?
 I bought this cage as an additional cage for another new rat . I felt the construction was pretty poor with the wire easily bending and the upper cage door not closing securely . Plus it has to be assembled and mine came with no directions . I thought that I could save some money and not purchase a cage from Quality Cage or Martins but I have to say I wish I did . These little animals are good escape artists and I do not want to wake up one morning and have to go looking for a runaway . Maybe it would be OK for mice or gerbils and it certainly is cheap so that is why I gave it two stars .
 I purchased this product thinking my cat will stop scratching my leather ottoman and other things . As soon as I opened it i set it on the floor , Leo , my cat , smelled it and had no interest in it . We put it in his play spots and still no luck . What a shame , I really was excited for him to get it , But no go ! GUESS its not for every cat .
 I purchased this cage and found it to be too flimsy for my new pet rat . The bars are weak and the cage door can easily be pushed open.Also the water bottle did not work and the other items struck me as cheap . Do yourself a favor and go to Quality Cages or Martins and forget trying to save 20 bucks.Wasn ' t worth it.I gave it one star b/c it might work for mice ... maybe .
 The dog treats are too thick ! When I started buying them they were thinner and easier for my dog to eat . Now I must break them so that he does not choke . Will not buy again until the chips are thinner .
 I had previously purchased the lamb flavor of this brand of treats . It was very good quality and my dogs love it , also it was not greasy or too high in fat . That is not the case for the chicken flavored treats from this company . Maybe it is a bad batch , but it is so oily I have to blot it with paper towel before letting my Papillon have any and even then it upset her stomach . The package says it has 10 % fat but I think it is much higher and would not recommend the chicken flavor .
 I LIKE THESE A LOT FOR MY DOGS -LRB- 3 -RRB- BUT ARE NO LONGER AVAILABLE ... SO I AM NOT HAPPY ABOUT THAT AND I DO N'T SUPPOSE SELLER CARES WHETHER THEY ARE REVIEWED OR NOT !!!!!!!!
 I wish my bird would try this - but she wo n't even touch it . Her last one was pink which I thought was the same item - but perhaps not . That one is down to less than an inch . I do n't know how to get her to try this new one.Here is my update 2/1/13 - cockatiel wo n't touch - took away all other blocks so this is the only one and she still will not chew on this - she did try it once or twice but now no more . So I gave it to a Senegal parrot - now this bird devours everything >> > but not this mineral block - not at all . So I finally gave up and called Amazon and the customer service rep was gracious enough to issue a refund . I can not recommend this particular mineral block .
 I love this sytem and the idea is wonderful but if you have a LARGE cat forget about it . I have a small cat and a LARGE Maine Coone . If you know about cats ... he 's big ! The smaller one does fabulous with this system . The larger will reject it after the cartridge has been used a few days . I then find things on the floor . It fills up rather quickly with the two cats especially one being so LARGE . If you intend to use this with one cat go for it . You 'll love it . If there 's more than one or a larger size cat you 'll be replacing cartridges constantly and racking up the litter bill .
 This product , in theory , is a great idea . The problems keeping it from being a good investment are :1 -RRB- The initial investment cost too much .2 -RRB- The cartridges NEVER last 30 days ... very misleadimg . I have yet to find anyone , with just one normal cat , that can go more than 2 weeks without having to change the cartridges .3 -RRB- The claim for the cartridge being environmentally friendly is a hoax , especially considering you have to change it 2-3 times quicker than they claim .4 -RRB- How can it claim to be hands-free if they suggest you stir the crystals around to make them last longer . Even that does n't help them to last as long as the 30 day claimIf they wanted to make an environmentally friendly product like they claim , and one that would be reasonably affordable , they would create a box that lasts more than just a couple of weeks , and sell the crystals at a civilized price . If you purchase this , be prepared to spend AT LEAST $ 45 A MONTH , PLUS SHIPPING . I am thinking of going back to the Litter Maid .
 These worked great for me . My cats both took to the crystals immediately and I did find the cartridge idea good in theory - it was very easy to swap them out and throw the old ones away.I had 3 major problems , however , and ended up buying the `` forever litter box '' -LRB- a pvc refillable tray -RRB- from eBay.The problems I had were : - too expensive . I have 2 cats and each cartridge only lasted 7 days at best . I think the company needs to revise its packaging . I have yet to see one reviewer that got the full 30 days -LRB- or 15 days with 2 cats -RRB- as promised . - leaking
 It works great for about 5 days . I have 2 cats , one small , one about 10 lbs . The box states it wil work with 2 cats from 10-15 days . Well by day 6 it smells by 7 you HAVE to change it . Which would n't be so bad itf the replacements were n't so expensive !! With a 3 pk being $ 50 and you need at least 4 a month that about $ 68 a month just for litter . I ca n't afford that . Otherwise would have been nice .
 I orginally bought this litter box because I was pregnant and my husband hates kitty litter . The litter box works fine it 's just that it does n't really clean the urine out . It scoops the poop to the end which is fine , but the urine stays clumped in the box and it stinks . Save your money and scoop the poop yourself !
 The good
 I have two cats . They took to this style of litter right away . So I was pleased at first . Then I quickly realized these trays were not going to last as long as stated . I get 7 days , TOPS , out of one of these . By the end of 7 days , the cardboard liner is soaked , and the box smells VERY bad.After my local pet store ran out of refills -LRB- they said there was a production issue and were out for 2 MONTHS !!! -RRB- , I switched to the Forever Litter Tray.I would suggest buying the Forever Litter Tray that is sold here on Amazon . It is pretty much the same thing , but much cheaper in the long run . It is made of plastic , so you can empty it , hose it off , and refill it . Not only will this save me $ 100 's per year , it is better for the environment .
 This is a very poor product . What you are buying is a cardboard box that holds the disposable litter tray cartridge that you must buy for the `` Automated System '' to work . Urine will soak through the bottom of the cardboard tray within 2 days and I have 1 cat ! The company wants you to stir the litter around every day so the cat urine will soak up in the crystals . I bought this `` Automated System '' so I didnt have to tend to a litter box every day . I tried stiring the litter every day and urine still soaked through the bottom of the cardboard litter tray . How pathetic ! Maybe the system might be a little better if the trays were made out of plastic rather than cardboard ?? Avoid this system all together .
 These litter trays and the self-scooping box they come with absolutely do not perform . The trays do NOT hold liquid , urine , creating a nightmare mess . HUGE RIPOFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 does not work very well . even with one cat . does not hide odor . stick to regular litter and just clean each time used . if your lazy then do n't get a cat .
 Product is great but AMazon not fair about prices . 3 refill pack , $ 49.99 & savings of $ 10 ? and that includes free shipping!But when I chose the 6 refill pack for $ 89.99 , I noticed over $ 30 shipping and does n't qualify for free shipping . In other words , on the 3 pack , you 're being charged for shipping in the hidden retail price . Not a happy customer ! Bummer , Caveat emptor , buyer beware .
 I absolutely LOVE my ScoopFree litter box !! One of the best inventions ever ! Less mess , less work & less dust !! I have 2 of them & have had them for over a year now & no issues except for 1 kinda big one - the refill cartidgesThe refill cartridges last 1 month & are slightly costly -LRB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- each -RRB- especially if you have multiple cats . But about 2 months ago the refill cartridges disappeared from local pet store shelves . We were told there was a back log & distribution issue & they should be on store shelves by the 1st week in August . It never happened . I just bought the last 2 refill cartridges at the Meier by me 2 days ago . When I contacted ScoopFree today about their distribution issue over the past couple months they called me & informed me that Petsmart refused to place any orders with them the past 4 weeks & it was just decided this week -LRB- By Petsmart -RRB- that they will no longer carry ScoopFree 's refill cartridges on their shelves . Their product is available at Meier , Petco or Pet Supplies Plus -LRB- which are more expensive -RRB- or I could subscribe to their delivery service & have packs of 3 or 6 delivered at a time with free shipping . I had already found my alternative !! FOREVER LITTER TRAYS !! Which are sold here on Amazon.com ! -LSB- ... -RSB- In the long run these will save you a ton of money & they are getting excellent reviews ! I recommend using Target brand crystal litter as a refill filler option.I 'm using litter box liners to line my ScoopFree refill cartridge & make them last until I can get my Forever Trays ! Then I 'll write another review for those !
 We have a ScoopMaid litterbox , and wanted to make the refill tray supply easier to deal with by setting up a subscription with Amazon . After reading a zillion reviews saying the scoopfree trays were so much better than the Littermaid brand , we ordered and tried 3 . YUK ! They do not deal with liquid waste well , they last around 5 days with 2 cats , and they do NOT abate odor at all . They were a complete waste of money . We have happily returned to the better product by Littermaid . -LRB- We did carefully follow the directions , stir the litter , etc. . . -RRB-
 I can not believe I can not get the bags -LRB- 2/4 .4 lbs each -RRB- of litter delivered to my door as I have been since purchasing my litter box mos . ago . Best litter box I ever owned . I too , have the forever litter tray which solved the `` wet '' urine problem with the refill trays . Hate to go out and buy crystal litter elsewhere , but I guess I 'll have to unless I get a reply as to why this has been discontinued.BOO HISS !
 Well we have already gotten rid of this and are back to the old litter box . Our two cats had no problem adjusting to it . However , the cartrdiges needed to be replaced in about a week , and are quite pricey . Also the raking mechanism which I referred to as the poop zamboni often missed deposits and left them there , or got them caught up in the rake , not pretty . In the end this was a very expensive product that was not worth it for us .
 I attempted to order this item , but when I got the confirmation email from the shipper , it was for the extension , not the stand-alone mat . When I called to correct the problem , instead of sending me the stand-alone mat at the posted price , they told me they could send me the stand-alone for $ 69.99 , or the extension for $ 39.99 . Scat mats are a great product , but beware that what you 're ordering here may not be what you think .
 Do not order this item ! Although it looks like they are selling a scat mat , it is actually the scat mat extension . I learned this after I ordered it and realized the wrong product was being sent . The supplier blamed Amazon and Amazon blamed the supplier . This is mis-advertising and you will waste your money ordering this product . Do n't do it !!!!
 So I Got these at the Petco down the street cause me and my wife go out of town over the weekend about once a month . We hate trying to find a Fish Sitter to come over and feed them . I did a trail Run and sure glad i did . After 2 days it hand ' t changed a bit . I Fed the betta with its normal food and it ate it so fast . I figured maybe it needed a few days to start working , and well its been 4 days and i tried stabbing the block with a fork , only to leave a few little indentations in it . I decided to Brake it in Half -LRB- Half back in the tank , and Half in a cup -RRB- and see what happened and as mentioned in another post it Final dissolved A LITTLE but fell to the bottom while my fish -LRB- And African Dwarf Frog -RRB- both look for their food at the TOP of the Tank . So with Rocks and other things in the Tank the `` Food '' just fell to where they ca n't get to it if they wanted to . I will be buying a Mechanical Feeder Fish Mate F14 Aquarium Fish Feeder . as its is the least expensive and has high ratings for a feeder that will run the Betta Pellets i use . Here is the link if your interested . -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB-
 My kids enjoyed having `` Swimmy '' for over a year . We put 2 of these in the tank while we went on a 3 day trip -LRB- to be sure there was plenty of food -RRB- and came home to a dead fish . One had dissolved and the other was fully intact . I sure wish I had done a trial on the for a few days before we left .
 The reason this is killing peoples ' fish is the horrible blend of chemicals in it to make it into such a tablet form , the fact that your fish are not going to eat from it since it releases powder -LRB- you would n't eat powder after nice meat pellets or tasty flakes , would you ? -RRB- , and lastly , most importantly , the fact that this thing is releasing nothing but pure ammonia -LRB- super toxic ! -RRB- into your tank that you wo n't be around to clean out while you 're on vacation -LRB- especially in those 1g bowls - forget it -RRB- . Your fish will get poisoned and die , or at least be incredibly sick and weak when you return.Truth be told , feed them a few extra pellets/flakes before you go , and your fish will be fine without food for a week . Overall , it 'll be much healthier for them since no one will be around to clean out their tanks and do water changes . If it 'll be two weeks or more , maybe get a friend to come over every couple of days to drop some pellets in and teach them how to change the water -LRB- be sure to emphasize not overfeeding ... I had a friend go nuts with the food and my fish almost died from overfeeding and ammonia poisoning when I got back - uneaten pellets were everywhere -RRB- . In short , save a fish , do n't buy this or anything like it ! : -RRB-
 This product is poor . The fish are colored and the impregnated material does not completely dissolve , leaving colored sandy material on the bottom of the tanks . The water in both bettta tanks became the color of the fish feeder . My fish were still alive after a week , so I 'm hoping they did n't fast that entire time . I did , however , bulk them up before I left and fed them immediately after my arrival home .
 Do n't risk it ! Pro Balance 7 Day Betta Blocks made by Penn-Plax no doubt killed my fish . I put a block in his bowl to test it before leaving on vacation . It killed an otherwise healthy betta within just a couple of hours . The tablet started dissolving quickly and putting off stuff in the water . It looked like my fish had been poisoned . He was in distress and could not swim or breathe and died right away .
 I bought based on the 2 good reviews . but mine always made the water very dirty within a day.We went for 7 day vacation , we had two very healthy bettas - one of them died by the time we came back ... I am going to try something else next time .
 Before I bought these feeders I noticed the reviews were all over the place . Some people loved them while others came home to find their fish had died . So I bought them and decided to try one out before I left for vacation . I 'm very glad I did because nothing happened . While it seemed to be dissolving I could n't see any type of food being distributed . My Beta did not have a clue as to how to eat from it because he normally chases food from the top . He does n't forage on the bottom of the tank . After 3 days I decided to take it out of the tank and use a mechanical feeder . I think if I had just dropped it in the tank and gone on vacation I too may have come home to a dead fish . They seem worthless to me .
 I bought these at a local aquarium shop to feed my bettas when I go on vacation in a couple months . I had to test it out before relying on it , so I put one of these in each of 10 betta vases.After three days these things had n't started to dissolve . So , I fed the bettas a little of their regular food figuring that when I am going to leave on vacation , I could drop these in a few days ahead , giving the tablets time to start working.After another day on this trial run , I did notice the tablets starting to dissolve . I hoped the fish would eat it ... But there was no sign of any of the stuff being eaten . The tablets disolved at different rates . Of the ten , a couple of them did n't seem to dissolve much at all in a week . One of my ten bettas died on the sixth day . Another looked very weak , and even after another week of normal care has n't recovered to normal.If I do n't come up with a better solution before vacation , I will just feed them twice a day , rather than once a day for a couple days before leaving , then give them one last big feeding as I leave the house . I 'll still drop these tablets in with them in case they will decide to eat some of it.Once these things do dissolve , it just looks like colored slime on the battom of the bowl . I definitely will not buy again .
 I saw the mixed reviews and had to give it a shot . Very disappointed !! I put the item it , it immediately sunk to the bottom and started to slightly dissolve or fizzle . That was it ! After three days it still did not provide food . I had to keep feeding my beta during those days because it was quite obvious it was starving . After the third day i took it out and ran it under water and i never saw any fish particles of any kind . Have no idea what the fish was supposed to eat as there was nothing freeze dried inside of it . RIP OFF ! I had the water ph and temperature perfect for this work . I would like to know from someone who used it with success what the process was like for them , as I still have the rest of them left .
 I 've bought this feeder before one of my long weekends so I would n't have to worry about feeding my Betta . In a middle of the week I decided to make sure it works while I 'm still home . I dropped it in aquarium . My first reaction was
 Left for vacation for 5 days had our betta well over a year took great care of him and he was very happy . Tried this product out wish we never had came home to find room with a bad smell our fish was at top dead with white film around him had to hide from kids never again we were real close to this fish he knew us well .
 Came home from vacation and our Betta was dead ... and had been for awhile ... Horrible thing to come home to . . Would never use again ... EVER
 I normally do n't leave reviews but I feel so strongly about this product that I felt the need to contribute my warnings to the already numerous warnings on here
 I got these at my local Petco store , figured I could use them when I went home for spring break . My mistake , these things are pieces of junk . I placed one in my bettas tank and it sunk watched and it did not appear to release any food . Plus it has plugged up two filter cartridges in just a matter of days . I do not recommend these .
 I left the beta block in my tank for a little over a day at around 74 degrees and nothing . A few fizzes at the beginning but it did n't dissolve at all into the water . it just sat on the bottom getting soggy . Finally I took it out and still hard as a rock . looks like my fish will be traveling with me !
 My dog did n't care for these treats at all . I typically use treats likeCardinal Laboratories Pet Botanics Training Rewards Treats , Lamb , 3.5 OuncesandBeneful Snackin ' Slices Crunchy Dog Treatsas well as homemade treats . This was the first treat I gave my dog that he actually left virtually untouched . He gave it a slight lick but then left it on the floor and has never embraced these sense . They make work well if your dog is not a picky eater -LRB- my dog usually is n't but he did n't like these anyway -RRB- , but if you find your dog is n't a fan of every food or treat you might want to try a sample at the Vet before investing in a full bag
 I just purchased this leash . After using it for 3 days , the reflective material started to peel right off . I have had it now for 2 weeks , and there is only 50 % of the reflective material left on it . There is no guarantee that it will stay on . It 's a nice leash otherwise . Very strong and sturdy , it 's just that the reflective material does n't stay on .
 This leash lasted less than a month pulling apart & unraveling at the handle . I have 3 dogs , 2 labs around 70 pounds & a 100 pound german shepard . You can get a very similar version of this reflective leash in red or black at Walmart for less than $ 8 . I wanted a different color which is why I chose to buy this one online for a higher price . My black Walmart purchased leash is almost a year old . Some of the reflective material has worn off but it 's still in great shape showing no signs of unraveling .
 First I have no issues with the seller . This product is cheap . I have 3 dogs . 2 labs 70 pounds & a german shepard 100 pounds . I have purchased 2 of this brand . Both pulled apart at the handle & unraveled while on walks . My dogs are very well behaved & do not pull much . I would expect a leash to last more than a month . Walmart sells a similar brand for half the price -LRB- less than $ 8 -RRB- . The reflective material stays on much better & the leash from Walmart has lasted almost a year with out pulling apart . I have already replaced this red leash with a red one from Walmart & will be buying a 2nd black one to replace the blue one I bought .
 The leash is very reflective which is nice . I was n't happy with the quality of the product . I have seen other leashes like this that were created on a rubber core and the wrapping was very tight . This leash has a nylon rope at the core , the reflective part is wrapped around it -LRB- loosely -RRB- and the wrapping came undone the second time I used it .
 The leash is extremely comfortable and so forth ; however , it is interwoven and it fell apart within 14 days . The interwoven strands have frayed and pulled apart.FYI
 Firstrax Glo 'n Go Small Leash - 6 ft - BlackI have 3 small dogs -LRB- under 30 pounds -RRB- and , while the leash part is exactly what I wanted , the snaps are big enough to lead a horse with . They are too big and way too heavy for small dogs .
 I ordered 2 of these leashes . One was obviously brand new and still had the tags on it . The other one is a piece of crap that looks used ! No tags and it was all unraveling and falling apart . Who would put an item like this in a package ?? They need to be fired ASAP . Do n't waste your time and money .
 If you love flexi-leashes , you simply HAVE TO GET THIS KIND OF BAG . You will love the convenience.I had to purchase a new one after my sweet pit mistook the attached bag as a chew toy and obliterated it.THIS BRAND IS NOT VERY GOOD.Instead , BUY THE ` OUTWARD HOUND ' BRAND virtually identical product because :1 . The zippers are totally flimsy and cheap on the flexi brand compared to Outward Hound .2 . The nylon used for the bag is really thin , cheap and does not hold it shape and form as well as the very thick and durable Outward Hound brand .3 . If you like multiple pocket options , the again the Outward Hound has both the regular zipper pouches as well as net like outer quick slip in/out spots .
 I was hoping that this accessory bag would replace the separate poop bag dispenser dangling from my leash handle , but it 's too big . The velcro straps ca n't be adjusted tight enough to make it fit my 23 ' Flexi Explore for small dogs , making it neither comfortable nor convenient to use . Also , the zipper compartments are larger than what I need for routine daily dog walks . This product might work if you use a large-dog leash and need to carry more gear .
 I used one of these when I watched a friend 's dog and they are a great idea . However , this write up says that the item fits most sizes of flexi leashes . When the item arrives it clearly says that it only fits the large and one other size , but not the small and other sizes . I had a small . Sure enough , it did n't fit so back it went . So , great product , delivery , and refund process - but watch the size .
 I bought this Flexi Leash Accessory Bag-Black on Amazon about 2 months ago . The product worked great initially . The bag is a tad bit too big for the flexi small dog leash , but it still made my life much easier because I could organize my dog food in one pouch and the doggie doo-doo bags in the other . I could tell right away the bag materials and stitching were of low quality . The stitching has already come undone on one of the pouches , so now everything has to go in the other pouch . It is only a matter of time before the stitching rips on the other pouch and renders the bag useless.I am tempted to buy another one , because of the low price on amazon and I know that it will fit my flexi leash that I love ... but am I going to have to replace this every 2 months ? Seriously , is this product made by flexi , because it lacks the quality of their leashes ? Anyone know of a better quality substitute ?
 There is not size stated in the description . It 's to large for my felxi leash . When you get it it states on the package that is will not work for Felxi Leash Small , Compact 3 , & Gaint leashes . Other than that it looks like it would have done what I needed it to do . I gave it to my sister she has a boxer ... . I have Dachshund 's .
 When I bought the leash accessory bag , I was led by the description to believe that it fits all Flexi retractable leashes . Not true . I recently replaced my regular-sized Flexi leash because it was damaged by sand . It was made for smaller breeds , but worked just fine with my 80-lb . black lab . I decided to go with the Flexi leash made for his size breed because it was well-priced . Unfortunately , the accessory bag 's elastic bands that secure the bag to the leash hardware do not expand enough to fit my leash . While I can get it to stay put , the elastic is fully stretched and inconveniently spans the opening for the leash . Consequently , the in-and-out motion of the leash tape is chafing the elastic holding the bag in place , which means it will not last very long . Do not buy this item for the larger leashes . It should be just fine for the smaller leashes .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 Tiny diameter pins are so flexible in their fabric mount that they glide over my bouvier 's coat and accomplish absolutely nothing . Even if it worked , I believe the price is excessive and with the extremely high shipping charge from this vendor , the cost of this worthless brush was over $ 25 .
 these thing smell obnoxiously bad . my dogs eat pig skin twist of a different brand all the time , they smell unpleasant but these things are just nasty .
 When I placed my order it was for Hartz Pigskin 10 pack with sweet potato center . When I received the order it was Hartz Pigskin 10 packs but it was all pigskin and this is not easy for my dog to chew . I contacted the company and they were very nice about the hole thing as they refunded the money to my credit card and told me to take the pigskin packs to a local shelter or SPCA . They were also very fast in sending out the original product . They told me that they forgot to change the photo from sweet potato center to all wrapped pigskin and they would do that .
 I emailed customer service and asked if the treats were filled with sweet potato , and they assured me that they 'd checked with the manufacturer and confirmed that they did in fact have a sweet potato center . However , the ones I received did not and I feel like I was lied to by customer service because they did n't want to take the time to actually check into it .
 Received the wrong product . Amazon only exhanges product , but I 'm not sure I 'm going to get what I ordered . I need the type with sweet potato in the middle . Just do n't order this kind of stuff from Amazon . They 're bound to screw it up .
 I ordered this fan in good faith on 3/2/11 . The seller was South Paw Pet Supply with fulfillment by Amazon . The description on both the website and my order confirmation clearly stated that it was the `` ProSelect Deluxe Thermostatic Crate Fan WITH Cooling System and Adapter . Neither the Cooling System or Adapter were included when the package was received today.While I appreciate Amazon 's no questions asked return , it disturbs me that such a blatant `` error '' was made by the seller . Have no idea if the product works well as it is being returned for that misrepresentation . Would suggest watching this seller carefully .
 I bought two fans . Both did not last one season although I did not use them very often . When do we need the cool air for our dogs ? When we park the car and can not use airconditioner . That is the biggest problem about this system . The ice pack does not last more than 5 minutes in the car without AC . And that is the time you want to use the cooling system -- we do not need the whole system as long as the AC is on . There is no way you can keep the ice pack solid unless you travel with the portable freezer -LRB- not cooler -RRB- . So by the time I got to the dog show site , the ice pack was just liquid , and I only used the fan.I have a car with a good working AC , so what is this cooling system for when it can last only 5 minutes ?? I need the cooling system that works when I park my car at the dog show site and turn off the engine -LRB- and AC -RRB- . Good idea but totally useless . Buy cheaper crate fan .
 I ordered this product along with another crate fan from a different manufacturer at a cheaper cost to compare . This fan definitely does not provide enough cooling power . Also , with the description being brief , I was under the impression that the `` cooling system '' came with the order . I was surprised when I did not receive it as all the photos show it with the attachment . Not worth the money , cheaper fan from another manufacturer , without the thermostatic control is definitely better .
 The fan I received was broken and never worked . I ended up having to pay shipping both directions and was only refunded the purchase price .
 I bought two of these fans for my boxer who competes in agility trials . The trials are often outside and we live in an area where the temperatures are regularly 90-100 + degrees in the summer.I bought two fans to latch onto the crate door along with the ice pack attachments . The attachments are completely useless . The ice is melted within 10 minutes on a hot day and there is no way to refreeze them when you 're out at a trial.Unfortunately , the fans are n't much better . Unless you are within a few inches of the fan , you can barely feel the air . For the same price , you can buy a 10 '' table fan , set it in front of the crate door , and cool your dog down a LOT faster . Do n't bother with this fan . Nice idea , bad fan .
 Even on high you can only feel it when your hand is within 1 inch of it . I do n't see it being useful at all on a hot day!But there are 2 pros
 This is a piece of crap ... I have had my crate fan for about 1-1/2 months and it no longer works . I bought an ac adaptor and it still does n't work !!!
 Anyone who knows anything about natural remedies for pets knows that tea tree oil and all essential oils that have not been specially processed to remove phenols are toxic to cats . Just using tea tree oil in your home with cats around can cause liver issues in sensitive cats . It should NEVER be used directly on a cat . These people should be ashamed of themselves !!
 I bought it b/c is says ALUMINUM - should have re-read more reviews about the rust that happens at the unit and cord junction .
 This worked great while it worked as a way of keeping my chicken 's water from freezing . I had set it inside a five gallon bucket with nipple style waterers in the bottom . After less than a month , the whole thing got rusty and corroded and stopped working . Perhaps I missed something on how to use it .
 The company sent me a gerbil feeder instead of the large chicken feeder . I called and told them that there was a mistake and that I was about to travel and needed the feeder I ordered as soon as possible . The woman I spoke with was unpleasant and unhelpful . I asked to speak with a supervisor or owner and was told that nobody was available , but thI would get a call back . This call NEVER came . I got results by calling Amazon and speaking to a very helpful woman who pursued the situation . I finally got the product I actually ordered . I would NEVER order from this vendor again .
 THIS PRODUCT IS JUNK !!!!! the lid they have posted for it does not make this unit whole and out of the rain ! . I got this lid later . FAILS ! . does not stay on and has hole in it , If they are going to sell something , make sure it works with the item !! Also the holdons keep coming off . The item vouches to keep product dry . What a joke !!! Probably the epic design FAIL in any feeder out there . I wo n't deal with either the seller or the brand due to this . as what I spent is not cheap and can not return this worthless junk !
 The ball without the rope is MUCH sturdier . Our Goldens destroyed this one within minutes , but the larger ball that has no rope is none the worse for wear after weeks of constant use .
 Deer do n't like it . Not Recommended . Tried Two of Them . Pet store brand much better .
 I purchased these pliers at a local store to close J clips for assembling a rabbit hutch . The pliers worked well at first . After about 6 clips , the ends bent away from each other and they would no longer close the clips . To get the hutch finished `` enough '' I had to use a hammer to straighten the plier ends before each clip and finish the clip with a pair of regular pliers . Annoying.Needless to say , they are going back to the store and I 'm searching for a pair of pliers that will hold up long enough to finish the hutch.I 'd avoid this brand if I were you .
 the picture clearly shows pliers of the Pet Lodge brand Manufactured by Miller Manufacturing where as the description is for little giant pliers I wonder which one you will get and which is being reviewed .
 the purpose of a hay feeder is so when your bunny eats from it the hay from the top moves down to the bottom but it all got stuck and did n't do that and i bought the largest size and it still did n't hold much hay : -LRB-
 I had hoped that when I ordered these cat treats , that I was actually ordering the discontinued version that was originally called `` Double Delights . '' Unfortunately , I was sent the new version which neither one of my cats care for at all . None of the cats in my neighborhood seem to like the new version . It is a shame that pet food companies feel the need to retool items that some pets are quite accustomed to and prefer .
 This does not fit a 1 '' pole ! Beware ! Its center hole has a diameter of 7/8 '' -LSB- clearly printed on box -RSB- , and so obviously ca n't fit a pole larger in diameter than that ! It will not fit a Wild Birds Unlimited 1 '' pole -LSB- as I found out the hard way -RSB- . Obviously , Droll Yankees want to limit their customers to using their -LSB- less sturdy/stable -RSB- pole only - a pity . This product is going back .
 Where is the clamp for the Droll Yankeeseed tray ? I got the tray in a giant box . The tray is 18 inches round the box is 21 by 37 inches . But there is no clamp . Without the clamp the seed tray is useless . I want the clamp . The order is not complete.I guess I will never order from Amazon itself . I think they just put items back into circulation that are broke or incomplete .
 This millet spray was old , beat up and just downright bad . Only about one half of the package was usable for my cockatiels . The rest went outside to the outdoor birdies .
 Have had one for years , My outside dogs uses it on a daily basis . Couple of concerns , It does not seal good enough to keep moisture out . I have even built a overhang roof for it and the food still spoils or gets moldy . So to solve that i only put enough for 5 days not the whole 25lbs . Also the dogs bottom teeth are worn down from rubbing on the bottom of the feeder . I am ordering a plastic one now to see if that helps . It is nice they can snack when they are hungry .
 I bought this feeder for outdoor use , but every time it rains the dog food inside the feeder gets wet and I have to clean it out . I was forced to put it under a shelter . May be ok for indoor use , but in that case , the magnetic door is pointless .
 I was expecting something heavy duty . -LRB- Like the old version I have . -RRB- This is light-weight and CHEAPLY made . -LRB- Like the way ... a LOT of things have gone ... -RRB- It easily bends and when manufacturing , they did n't even take the time to clean off the excess plastic from their molding machine ... so that is still on the crate . Because of it , I will NOT buy another online ... it is better to see them in person and decide . And having purchased this one ... I know FOR SURE not to ever get another of it .
 The design is pretty good - very efficient for putting the bird in the kitchen while I cook . But one of the legs does not screw in all of the way making the stand wobbly and barely usable . Not the best quality , I 'd look at other stands before buying this one .
 The design is pretty good - very efficient for putting the bird in the kitchen while I cook . But one of the legs does not screw in all of the way making the stand wobbly and barely usable . Not the best quality , I 'd look at other stands before buying this one .
 This stuff is terrible , my cat would eat it and then vomit it up . AVOID at all costs , all of this brand did it .
 I purchased this product for my greyhound who , if you 've ever known one , had the typical problem for them which is unbelievably foul flatulence.A local specialty pet store had recommended this product but were out of it . Their review of the product had me really excited , so I bought this online.After two weeks on the product -LRB- sprinkling it over his food at the recommended dosage for his weight -RRB- there was no appreciable difference.But , all 's not lost ~ I did find a solution !! Non-fat , plain natural yogurt ! Two dollops , twice a day , we 're odor free !!
 This is a shame . When Merricks introduced its canned cat foods , they were truly out-standing . There was no filler of excess liver , no bone , no cartlidge , no cheap grindings swimming in gravy -- things which are typical of the majority of cat food producers . There was minimum grain and lots of turkey , in addition to the obvious nutritious veggies and berries . Merricks truly was the King . However , as I continued to buy over time , I noticed a distinct degrading of quality . I usually buy directly from the company 's website so I addressed these issues to them the day I found chunks of obvious poulty vertabra and cartlidge , large chunks -- whole vertabra bones -- and ground , in a particular lot . I had already seen the qualities of the foods going downhill but this addition of bone and cartlidge was upsetting . I gave them the benefit of the doubt and wrote to inform them that perhaps an `` accident '' had happened . They were cold , uncaring and wanted my remaining cans after I send them photographs of the foods , bones and cartlige matter and cans with the lot numbers clearly stamped . I admit I blew my stack at this attitude , but the last straw was receiving the final lot -LRB- which unfortunately I had ordered before the discovery of the literal garbage in the previous lot -RRB- and the result of the new came pouring out of the cans in a gray-ish brown mass of `` gravy '' , with no visible pieces of turkey , just unhealthy-looking masses of liver and some cheap ground poultry that was hard and brittle to the fingers . Merricks has been informed that they have a problem with quality control and the customer should be very aware that the lots differ dramatically . I 'm very glad I kept and presevered the cans , bones and photographs as proof . If you want to pay premium prices for the kind of crap you throw away in your garbage every day then by all means buy Merricks and take a chance . It 's feast or famine from a company who has clearly taken advantage of the fact that most consumers really do n't bother looking at their cat 's food . Shame on them for feeding cats and kittens bones and cartlidge and liver-filler . Merricks blows .
 Up until recently , I had been using his food exclusively , but after several disturbing incidents I have switched brands . In the last few months have found cardboard , hair , and a bug in three separate varieties of Merrick dog and cat food . When I found the cardboard , I contacted the company with my findings and they apologized and mailed me a coupon . Since then , I have found hair in two varieties of dog food and the final straw last week was opening a can of cat food to find a dead fly right on the top of the food . There is no way that this food is being produced in a human facility . The quality is appalling -- especially at these prices . I have spent thousands on Merrick pet foods , but they have lost my business forever .
 I have had a very strange experience feeding my kitten Merrick food . The first time I gave it to her , she loved it and ate it all up . I was so happy I had found something that looked and smelt good and went ahead and ordered a case of 24 . Much to my dismay , after 2 days of eating this food , she gets a stomach upset . I switched her back -LRB- over a period of days -RRB- to her old food , then back to Merrick again , and the same thing happened . Soft stools , tummy upset etc etc. . I can not feed her this stuff anymore . Now I am stuck with 20 odd cans of Merrick .
 I have a dachshund in the veterinary hospital after giving him one of these . He chewed the corner of the bone and it splintered and tore up his intestines . I showed the `` rib in a blanket '' to the vet and she was appalled that these are being offered to dogs .
 This formerly excellent product , which I used successfully for years , has changed ! Whereas the consistency used to be similar to powdered bouillion , it has now changed to that of a super lightweight powder , very much like confectioner 's sugar . As soon as I opened the can and discovered the powder had changed , I was a bit concerned , but used the product anyway . Now , my cat , who had problem gums before going on Transfer Factor , and had a miraculous turnaround after taking Transfer Factor ... the OLD formula ... is now having gum problems again :-LRB- Coincidence ? I think not !! And at $ 7 to $ 8 per OUNCE , it is outrageous that there should be any cutback in product quality !!
 This may well be a miracle product , but who knows as I can not get my FIV + fuzzy guy to touch any food that has this on it . There 's no way to even sneak the tiniest amount into him ... so ... will never know if it works or not . Darn . Expensive lesson .
 It 's ok but I would not recommend it for guinea pigs . Even if it is supposed to be super absorbent , they still poop and it does n't go anywhere so you have to clean it just as often for a higher price than regular pine shavings .
 Petco repeatedly advertises items that THEY DO NOT HAVE ! I found the perfect replacement dog door flap but I wanted to double check before buying as the pictured door was the right one but there were no dimensions . I went to the `` sellers '' phone number , only to be told `` Oh , we do n't have the one pictured , only other models which I 'm sure will work for you '' . Before shopping Amazon at the suggestion of PetSafe who no longer makes the door , I called and visited several PetCo stores only to be told when I got there that they no longer carried that door . As I said I CALLED BEFORE DRIVING MILES TO BE SURE THEY HAD WHAT I NEED.The false advertising is bad enough . The direct lie approach stinks .
 Five stars for nutritional value/availability/price - the problem is my rats ca n't stand it . If there was something that could be done to make it more palatable this product would be awesome , unfortunately unless it changes I will not purchase again .
 I have had several years -LRB- 10 + -RRB- experience with this PetSafe product and it is my opinion that this company has designed their product -LRB- s -RRB- to fail . Assuming you get a properly fitting replacement , you can expect 18-24 months usage overwhich time the product will crack , discolor , and curl -LRB- making the magnetic closure useless -RRB- ; and you can expect to pay nearly as much for the replacement as the original door . Unfortunately this is the case with too many manufacturers of pet products -- overpriced and poorly constructed .
 I received the item -LRB- dog door replacement flaps -RRB- quickly and in apparently good condition but due to vacation schedules , we did not install the replacement flaps until this evening . What a surprise ! The magnets are n't connecting or staying connected , the flaps are n't flat -LRB- they are bowed outward when hung -RRB- , and the door wo n't seal , allowing air in from the outside - not a good thing in Texas when the A/C is always on . This is a very poor product , not even close to the flaps that came with the original Ultimate Pet Door . I intend to seek a replacement or refund .
 Just took it out of bag and it is sticky and smells bad . I need a replacement to see if it is better .
 i allways buy a size M for may dog , but this product has been very very small to may dog . please , express better the size
 This is thick/goopy and the cat does not like it , so I went back to the Laxaire product which is thinner and the cat likes it .
 This was a TOTAL WASTE of money for me . NONE of my cats would touch it . I would guess the only way to get them to eat it , would be to forcibly put it on their paws , which I AM NOT about to do , that really scares them .
 but it do n't work buy theTomlyn Laxatone Catnip Flavored Hairball LubricantTomlyn brand it works better.and your cat 's will love it
 The tube I received was 40 % air ! My cat likes it just fine , but I ca n't say how well it works yet ; this is her first day on this laxative.I had to pay $ 9 for this . Even though I 'm an Amazon Prime member , I had to pay double
 PetSafe Extra Large Replacement Single Flap Two-Piece , X-VA-11This product is vastly inferior to the flap on the original door . The magnets are so weak they have absolutely no magnetic pull , even when held together . The plastic is now so thin that the lower edge falls away from the flap , leaving a 1 '' gap . The rest of the flap now has a 1/2 '' gap around the entire perimeter , which is not acceptable in a northern climate . I would definitely NOT buy this product again and am waiting to hear from the supplier about what I can expect in a better replacement flap . I love this original pet door and do not want to replace the entire door .
 This cat food literally has the consistency of chicken noodle soup . It is at least 70 % water . And I mean straight up WATER . . not moisture . You shake the can and it sounds like it 's full of liquid , and it is.My cats did n't even bother to smell it , much less taste it , and they will eat darn near anything.The first time , I dumped it in a bowl and it looked like some kind of soup with a few fragments of ground meat.The second time , I tried squeezing out the can with the lid , like how you would squeeze out the water in a can of tuna . This yielded maybe 2 ounces of food in the 6 ounce can . The cats would n't eat that either.In summary , this is the most pathetic excuse for cat food I have EVER seen and I have lived with cats for all of my 29 years .
 I bought a can of this stuff last month . It smelled awful , like it was spoiled . The can was in good shape and it was n't expired , so I put it out for my cats anyway thinking it might not bother them . They took two sniffs and walked away.Just today I opened another can -LRB- same brand , different flavor -RRB- and it gave one of them diarrhea . Awesome!I wo n't be buying Merrick again . There are too many reliable brands out there to justify getting something this risky .
 I love the product and obviously the filters are essential for running the filter . They work great and I would recommend it to anyone.But if you look at the pricing , it costs 4.99 to ship . I consider that excessive and will make all future purchases of the filters at petsmart .
 I bought this product to help my elderly Border Collie have better traction on my wood floors . The spray is somewhat sticky when first sprayed on , but once it dries it is not sticky . I sprayed it on my hand to test and and one of my dog 's paws , and it is not sticky after it dries . It might work for a few minutes for a show dog to run around the ring once , but not much longer .
 Did n't work as expected for my dog . Still seemed to slip on the floor . He is quite old and maybe nothing will help .
 We paid $ 8 for one of these at a local petsmart . It lasted a week and a half . I thought it was a fluke and picked up another 60 watt Zoo Med blue `` daylight '' bulb for the anoles . The second one lasted two weeks . I am a busy Mom and stuck a 75 cent 60 watt regular bulb in the anoles lamp until I could get around to `` amazoning '' a decent 5 star review bulb . A few months later -LRB- and two anoles happy and warm with a cheap regular bulb -RRB- My husband came home from petsmart again with dogfood and a $ 20 combo pack of Zoo Med brand 60 watt daylight and nightlight bulbs and the blue daylight bulb lasted ... i kid you not ... 3 days . Dont buy this brand !!!
 I bought this for my pet turtle and it lasted 5 days . I kept it on for about 12-15 hours a day . So if you do the math it lasted for about 75 hours . I would not recommend buying these bulbs . If you read the product details it says it is guaranteed 1000 hours .
 I ordered these bulbs for my bearded dragon and the bulbs did not last long at all , two only lasted a few nights ! I pay more at the store but they last much longer .
 It lasted one day . I bought it at a local Petco for about $ 4 and screwed it into the dome -LRB- with a 60-watt maximum -RRB- and it did n't work by day two .
 It burned out in an hour . I was using it in a brand new hood on my turtle aquarium . I replaced it with a plain white incandescent and it 's fine . So it 's not the hood . Do n't waste your money on this bulb .
 These bulbs simply do n't last . My first purchase lasted less than 30 days . I contacted Zoo Med directly by phone , and they did state that the bulbs are warranted for 90 days . After I emailed them a copy of my receipt , they did send me a new one , and I figured what are the odds that a 2nd one will go bad THAT quickly.Well , apparently the odds are pretty good , because slightly over a month after Zoo Med sent the replacement , it has burned out also.The actual glowing filaments on them do n't burn out , but the stiff wire in the glass tube at the base of the bulb melted apart on each bulb . Odd for the bigger wire to burn , while leaving the filament intact.Even though the company did back up the bulb with a free replacement , I wo n't be buying any of these again . It is n't worth the hassle to have to call for a replacement every 1 or 2 months , particularly for a bulb that cost as much as these . They should simply make them correctly from the outset .
 I bought 2 of these for over my turtle tank to light and heat him everyday , I figured since it IS a REPTILE BULB it will work great . No both of these bulbs are HIGHLY faulty . Neither filament has burned out but the bulbs have both stopped conducting already each within 2 weeks after starting use of them . Neither works in any light fixture in my house.They were on roughly 10 hours per day , when you consider the fact that prior to using these lights I only changed his heat bulb once every 3 or so months . I can pretty confidently say they cheaped out on testing the functionality of these bulbs and made an inferior product due to this . NEVER buying these `` European quality for longer burn life '' bulbs again , they are crap .
 Did not last long at all and I did not use it 24/7 . I alternate between the day and night bulbs . I do not recommed purchasing this product . The Zoo Med night bulb is excellent and lasts a long time and use it on my box turtle .
 First I would like to say that I am normally very impressed with my amazon purchases . In this instance I was not . This has to be the lowest quality bulb I have ever purchased . I bought it because the price seemed very attractive and now I know why . I do n't know if it was an old dated bulb or simply a poor quality bulb but it was a waste of my money . It worked just long enough not to be able to return it ... too bad .
 This is a joke , right ? I received the bulb , and within a few hours after installation , it was broken . The glass bulb had broken off of the metal fixture . I emailed the company 2 times -LRB- once via amazon and once directly to the company -RRB- to complain and ask for a refund , and I have received two email replies from the Mail Delivery Subsystem saying that my email was being ignored . I literally had to use a potato to remove the remains of the bulb from the socket . I would not recommend purchasing anything from this seller .
 Unfortunately like other reviewers I found this bulb to last 1/5 the time of the ones I usually buy locally . Amazon should really discontinue these .
 It 's simple
 A thermostat without a temp gauge is really not worth it , pay more money and get one with a digital temp readout . I sure wish I did.What blows my mind is I read all of the reviews and yet , somehow I missed this , rechecked and I guess no one thought it worth mentioning.So now I have to go purchase a good digital remote sensing thermometer , I will most likely end up spending more money then if I have purchased a Thermostat which included a digital readout of the temp its senor was picking up .
 Edit
 The package says that it will `` give you precise temperature control within the range of 70 F to 110 F '' . Mine , set to the lowest setting -LRB- which to me should be 70 F -RRB- does not cut off until 89 F . There is nothing precise about 19 degrees over the set point . I am very disappointed with this product and want a refund . Based on my experience with the other Zoo Med products I purchased with it , Zoo Med would not be my first brand choice in the future either .
 I purchased three of these regulators for my larger terrariums , and all three failed within two years , just out of warranty.These would be beneficial if A -RRB- They had an appropriate lifespan , and B -RRB- If they were made such that you could choose a temperature range for the default setting . When choosing your preferred temperature , one has to guess how hot to set it and modify with time . If it were able to show a range -LRB- 70 - 75 degrees , etc. -RRB- as opposed to the cool-to-warm color gradient on the dial , I think it would be much more useful . All three failed within two years , and I sha n't be replacing them .
 This product worked decently at first , however it died after less than a month of use -LRB- the day after the return cut-off date , of course -RRB- . Thankfully my hedgehog was out cuddling with me and not in his cage when it died or he could have died too . In the case that your pets are highly temperature sensitive please carefully monitor this system in case of sudden failure .
 I bought one of these to run two heating lamps for some quail we 're raising . Seemed terrific at first . The unit worked just as other people described . Easy to set up , rated to 500w -LRB- I was using two 250w heat lamps -RRB- , did a great job of maintaining the temperature . But it died two days after we started using it.Went out this morning at 5am and all was good . Went out at 8am and the lights were off . No problem , the lights are supposed to go off when the temperature gets too high . But wait . Something was wrong . The little quail chicks were huddled up together trying to stay warm . I checked the unit and could n't see a problem . The light was on to indicate it was working . But the temperature sensor was cold to the touch , and no lights . I plugged the lights in directly and tested the unit inside . The sensor and led indicator light work fine . But the relay -LRB- the internal on/off switch -RRB- was n't doing anything . Useless , after two days.I have another one coming - ordered it when this one was still working . I 'll update this after we see how that one works .
 I bought this for my hedgehog 's cage and have n't been very happy with it . I found it was a bit difficult to regulate and the temperature did n't always seem to hold steady . In hindsight I wish I had gotten a digital thermostat so I could know what temperature I was setting it to , and it looks like now I will go ahead and do that since this one does n't work any longer . The other day I noticed the light was on , however the temperature on the digital thermometer I keep in his cage was really low . When I felt the lamp , it was cool and I realized the lamp was n't on . I thought it might be the bulb , however when I plugged it into the wall , the bulb heated up , so it had to be the thermostat . Unless you are really tight on funds , I 'd recommend going ahead and spending a little more on a higher quality thermostat . Five months is not very long , especially considering it just sat on top of his cage with me occasionally adjusting the temperature .
 I used this for my Ceramic Heat Emitter set up for my hedgehog . The dial sucks , it goes from low to high . It would be nice if you could set it to a temperature . About two weeks after having it , it stopped working . The light would be on but the CHE would be off and when I came home from work one day my hedgies cage had dropped about 5 degrees . Do not recommend .
 I 'm sad to say I did n't have a pleasant experience with these scissors on the first use , so I have n't used them since . They are n't sharp enough to prevent tugging on the hair , and sense my Pomeranian is very sensitive to such , I 'm unable to utilize them : -LRB-
 i have 5 dogs and all 5 didn < t like it I try putting it in can food & table food and it was no go.So a can of it just seating tfere.I hope you have better luck .
 I 'd rather use my old pair of claw scissors on my cat than these . They dont cut the claw all the way through . In addition , if you dont hold them the right way , they stick . If you love your cat , dont use this brand of scissors .
 These are junk . The blades are poorly shaped and have a gap between them . They cut about as well as a pair of pliers . I checked another pair at the store and they have the same defect.Another model from this company was much better -LRB- # 743C -RRB- .
 I have two golden retrievers who chew through every ball and toy I ever buy . Last year I bought one of Planet Dog 's other balls and it survived both of them and still is as perfect as it was the day I bought it . I had high hopes for this ball - - it only last a few days and it is now in pieces in the trash . For $ 12 , I expected better performance
 My lab mix is a power chewer , and other Orbee products have stood up to the non-stop gnawing . This ball was in pieces in fewer than 24 hours . He did delicately pull off the &#34; Woof . &#34; in blue , but that was fine with me . He attacked one of the treat holes and had it peeled away within a matter of hours . Disappointed in this product , but the glow-in-the-dark Orbee Planet Dog ball holds up well .
 I was going to give this as a gift but after opening the package and finding not only this ball but the other items covered in black chalky stuff that didnt come off no matter how hard I tried . I called Amazon and the rep told me to speak to their packing and shipping company that they use so I did and they told me that they pack the items how they are given to them from Amazon . Nice guys - just point the finger at each other and I 'm left spending money on gifts that I cant give .
 Planet Dog Orbee-Tuff Woof Ball , PinkFirst Orbee `` Tuff '' purchase here and sadly will be the last . Our dog literally had the `` Woof . '' embellishment off the ball in under 30 seconds . The ball is also not solid ; there are two approximately 1/4 '' diameter holes , one each on top and bottom -- which our beast also promptly began tearing wide open in under three minutes of first-time-around supervised play . As I was tossing it into the trash , also was taken aback by the feel of it in this ridiculously short play session -- had a gummy , sticky feel.The only plus to it was that it did smell minty , but would absolutely not recommend this ball to anyone who has a conscientious chewer or big dog . We 'll have to stick with Kong products here .
 I was very disappointed with this product . At first , I was happy to find a pink ball for my female Rottie , especially one that was rated for strong chewers . Unfortunately , she started pulling it apart in the first 5 minutes . The `` woof '' writing on the ball are raised letters which she hooked her teeth in and starting pulling apart within a few minutes . I would not recommend this to anyone with a strong chewer .
 My 1 year old Lab ripped this ball in less than 1 hour . It 's in pieces now . Waste of my time and money .
 I have 3 American Bull Dogs That I have purchased about 6 of these balls for but it takes them less than a month to chew them down to half size.I have n't bothered to check on the warrantee . I may as well have Alligaters .
 they charged me 16.00 dollars for this tiny little ball what a rip off.dont order this ball you will be sorry what a joke
 My puppy is named Spike and he needed a new collar at 16-18 inches . His first collar was a Harley Davidson collar with spikes and a HD logo - which made it cost a lot more ! But the whole Spike thing is so sweet ! He looks really tough!This collar is not 18 inches long . It is 17 inches long and the widest point it can be closed is at 15 inches . When it is closed , its complete circle is 14 inches and that is at its widest possible point . I measured my puppy 's neck before I ordered this and it was 15 inches , too small for the 16 inch so I ordered up one size.As a side note , this is not especially a good collar for a puppy as the spikes are actually sharp . We have two puppies in the house and it 's just not a good idea .
 I 've bought Petguard for my cat for a good while . She needed a specific protein diet and this was the only thing we could find on the shelves locally . The food in the cans were always dry and old looking but she ate it and that is what counted . One of my last purchases of a case of this online , I opened a can and it was different . Instead of the gray-pink food , it was dark and smelled like fish but it had the rice particles in it . I thought maybe they changed their formula and like the law gives them . . 6 months to make changes to the label ... eventually they would reveal the new formula for venison and rice . I used a dozen cans of this dark fishy smell * venison and rice * and then ordered another case . I opened up a can of the new case and it was back to the gray-pink food ! The dates for this new case showed it was manufactured after the dark fishy smell venison and rice . That made me question what on earth my cat has been eating ! I 've tried to contact Petguard sooo many times and I get no replies . I will be recording opening a can of the * who knows what * venison and rice and putting it on youtube . Maybe then Petguard will see they made a big mistake and depending on allergies ... the potential of killing pets with whatever they put in the venison and rice cans.My review is 2 star for the old gray-pink crumbly food , a 1 star for the unknown stuff . I 'd give a negative 5 star -LRB- if it was possible -RRB- to the foreign matter in this case of venison and rice cans . And I 'd give a negative 10 star for the company for making itself so difficult to get a hold of -LRB- they took off their facebook page ... why ??? And they have n't responded on twitter for a year and a half . And they do not respond to either email addresses they have on their current website . -RRB- I do not recommend Petguard , the food nor the company .
 this was not what I ordered . I am most upset - I gave the giant size treats to a neighbor with a large dog . the package says small but they are huge . Very disappointed . I will not order from you again .
 My cat loves this food . It is one of the few canned foods other than the Fancy Feast with the cheese that she will devour immediately.So , imagine my disappointment when I opened one a few weeks ago and there was a white worm in it . Maybe it was a tendon or something , I thought . Nope . It wiggled . It squirmed.I e-mailed the company expressing my shock and disgust and they did n't even respond with an apology.Quality control is obviously nonexistent . Never buying this ever again .
 Please , do NOT give your dog a product which contains Xylitol . I gave one star because you have to rate it something .
 Months later , I am still having post-traumatic stress from finding a curly tailed smashed mouse within the layers of a Gridlock pad ... but I am happy to tell you that I have discovered many USA made under-pads made for humans which are larger and cheaper than these filthy , China made pads.I purchased directly from Dig it , and when I spoke to them they were as unconcerned with this incident as the Chinese manufacturers of the pet food ingredient that killed thousands of our countries dogs and cats a couple of years ago , so I would n't be surprised if these pads also contained carcinogenic ingredients - these people just do n't care - their one and only goal is to get as much cash out of our pockets as possible with as little expenditure to them as possible , no matter who it KILLS !!!!
 This product is similar to ones I have purchased for my two cats in the past , with one exception ... the plastic on the back is too slick for the tape to stick ! I ended up using another brand of foam tape to adhere it flat against the wall , because it would not stick at all when bent around a corner . The cats tried to use it but it did n't have the same effect . I will try to find another brand of corner comb in the future !
 Poorly manufactured and fell off the wall within the hour of hanging . It was n't that the adhesives did n't stick to the wall , they did n't stick to the product it came with . Junk .
 It 's not really a good comb , so even if my cat chose to use this product , I ca n't see it helping . Maybe on raelly long haired cats it would help with the grooming issue . I could see that it would be something a cat would love , though . Mine does n't , and that 's unfortunate . He figured out how to get the catnip out pretty quickly , and does n't give a rip about the rest of it now . Unfortunately , I 'm scared to take it down because I do n't want it to peel off the paint , so we 're stuck with an ugly thing that does n't get used .
 I was n't expecting anything heavy duty , but this wo n't even stick to the wall . There are 4 pieces of small double side tape -LRB- thin , barely tacky -RRB- to attach this to a corner wall . Considering this probably costs 20 cents to make , they could have put some decent sticky tape . Bottom line is I have to purchase something else , to make this product work which is poor quality control .
 This product stinks . The comb does not stay attached to the backing as they have removed the pegs that hold it in place . It also arrived without the sticky strips and I have no way to attach it . I called the company and they ignored me and hung up twice . I would NOT buy this or recommend it in its present condition of cheap China mfg. It used to be a wonderful aid for my three cats and they loved it and it lasted until my 21 year old died and I disposed of it . I got a new cat now and wanted this product for him . This is a worthless piece of cr-p . No help or desire to help from the company . They hung up on me TWICE.Don ' t waste your money .
 First and foremost , I 've never seen something so stick-resistant in my life . The two-sided adhesives which come with the product hardly stick to the wall , and do not stick to the back of the comb at all . I 've used everything from command clip adhesive , duct tape , and even super glue and none will stick to the shiny plastic . The best solution to the problem is to sand down all of the shiny plastic to make it rough , then super glue some two-way foam tape to the comb , then place on the wall . Also , the two combs are removable , and easily come off when our cat tugs on them . So , I would recommend the same sanding/super glue strategy to adhere the combs to the rest of the plastic frame -LRB- zip ties also work ok -RRB- . With all that said , our cat LOVED the comb for the first day -LRB- the day when it was falling apart -RRB- and have n't gotten him to touch it since fixing it . Overall , I would NOT recommend this product unless you are a handyman/woman and your cat is desperate for a wall comb .
 Well , maybe I missed something in the information but I installed it on a painted wood door casing and it promptly fell off onto floor .
 I bought this product for a short haired cat who loves to have her neck scratched . First of all . The sticky pads did n't hold the product to the surface even one day . Then it broke apart . Now the 2 pieces are laying on my floor , and the cats roll on top of it . Useless .
 the groom 'n comb is not put together well at all.i had to tape it in a lot of places to get it tostay together and to attach to the wall.i would certainly not recommend it .
 Product would n't stick to the wall and comb kept falling apart . My cats love getting their hair combed and I was really bummed when this product didnt work .
 I bought two of these and they arrived yesterday . On the first , the sticky pads you are given to put it on the wall did stick . Until the first use and it fell off . On the second , the sticky pads were dried out upon arrival and were n't even sticking to the comb , least wise the wall.So I got out my Goop adhesive and tried to glue it to the wall . As soon as I let go , it slid down and off the wall.So I got out my E6000 adhesive and tried again . Same results.So I got out some duct tape and glued it again and this time taped it . After a few hours I removed the tape on one and it actually stayed up , until a cat used it . I left the tape on over night on the other and took it off this morning . It 's still on the wall , but no ones used it so far.End result ... cat 's love it , but it probably will have to be nailed permanently to the wall for them to use it .
 This product is exactly what you 'd expect , other than one very important feature
 This thing is sitting on the floor in 3 pieces right now , again . The pads are not fixed to the frame and come off with the slightest touch ... like when your cat rubs on it ! then the frame also doesnt stay on the wall with the included double sided tape . I bought 3M stuff that should work better but the pads will still fall off . My cat loves this thing so I have to find a way to make it work but as is it does n't .
 I really thought at least one of my two cats would like this because she 's always rubbing the side of her face and teeth on my coffee table and ruining it . I set it up and put the catnip in it and even tried taking the brush part out and showing my cats that it was a brush by brushing them but they only took interest in it for about 20 minutes while they tried to bite the catnip out of it . Then they never gave it another thought , even when I tried to direct their attention to it.A note about the whole process of getting this thing to stick to your wall
 I could have easily purchased a tarp and velco strips for the same results and a much lower price . Could be nice for lazy people though
 I purchased this for my older dog who has `` accidents '' . Anyway , the mat worked great the first time . However , as soon as I washed it the waterproofing material began to fall apart on the bottom side of the mat . I did not put in the dryer , only washed it . It is no longer usable as a waterproof cover . Do not buy this if you plan to wash it !!!
 This matte comes with velcro strips that have an adhesive backing to adhere to the flatbed of the car . But the heat of the summer warms up the glue leaving a sticky mess and a matte that just slides around . I would not buy a matte that relies on glue to keep the matte from sliding .
 This product could be called any number of things but it certainly is not large enough to cover most -LRB- if any -RRB- SUV 's and be called a cargo liner . A cheaper and far more substantial way to go is with a piece of indoor/outdoor carpet cut to size ; or better still , not cut to size but cut a bit larger to where it will come up the sides of your cargo area for a little ways to keep the dirt and debris from falling into the cracks and crevices in your cargo area and also help protect the doors and handles in this area . All home improvement stores sell indoor/outdoor carpet by the inch in six-foot widths in many colors that will come close to matching your vehicle 's interior , -LRB- not the green stuff that looks like astro-turf -RRB- . This stuff is far more substantial and durable than this `` cargo liner '' .
 This did n't work for me . It was too big for my SUV and the adjustments to try to make it fit did n't either . If it just laid flat it would have been better . I need a smaller size so I returned it .
 I was very disappointed with this product . It did not meet my expectations at all . It claims to be `` waterproof '' but it is not . I had this liner in the back of my Tahoe after receiving it , and a few days later I went to the store to get groceries . By the time I got home , the milk sweated and the condensation had went clear through this liner , soaking the carpet beneath it . I would . OT recommend this product .
 So it looked good , we bought it and immediately the stability rod was broken . When I contacted their Customer Service with a kind note that all I wantedwas a replacement rod , they never had the decency to respond let alone send me another . I would n't deal with these people who do not have any respect for their customers . I guess it 's all about profit with total disregard for consumer satisfaction . My dogs are more considerate than they are , on a bad day !
 I think the material is fine but the Velcro like strips sewn to the bottom have proven most dificult to work with and do NOT stick to the rug in the 1997 Tahoe . I am sure it can be rigged up somehow to make it lay flat but my dogs have it all crumpled up in the corner . It is going to take modification on my part to make it work .
 This product is OK it just did not work well for us . Unless the back of your vehicle is the perfect size you have to be creative to get this to stay in the car . We had to fold part of it over which makes it hard to keep those corners down . There have also been several holes worn in the material with limited use over 2 years . It works when you get down to it but so does a tarp , there are better options out there .
 This carrier is NOT the one in the picture . It is a solid top do it does not have the top wire opening . No side door either . It opens like a suitcase.I have not used product yet , but appears awkward , and unsure of how sturdy it is.I will not return it because I would have to pay shipping and 15 % of the cost of the product . If I can not use it as a cat carrier I will use it for something else . I believe it will work for my kitten , but it seems like he will out grow it soon .
 My dog absolutely loved it but he destroyed it in less than 1 hour . The material is not strong enough , and my dog is not a destroyer -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- , he is very gentle most of the time . There is something about the smell of the material that made him want to chew it all the time . He first bit the toy 's ears , then the tail , and to finish he removed most of the filling . He also removed the squeaky thing inside the toy which I thought could be somewhat dangerous if swallowed . I would n't recommend it .
 This is a cheap toy.Gracie had it torn apart in minutes.There is a squeaky round object in it , which could be a choking hazard for your dog , or a small child.This toy scared me for just that reason.Not reccomended .
 This shows a bundle of sorts , but only one random animal arrived , in a color I did n't request . If it were only one , I would n't have bought it . Since there are 5 pictured , and no mention of individuals , it looked as if I was ordering a bundle . Disappointing and sad .
 This toy lasted two seconds with my older German Sheperd who is not a big chewer . We were looking for a softer toy to encourage her to chew but she just descimated this . Then , we got another one for our Great Dane puppy and the same thing happened . No good . Get for ancient dogs or do n't bother .
 does not tell you how many you get it shows you all of them but you do not get all of them you only get 1
 This product ad is very misleading -- it seems to imply that you will get several of these toys in one package . Instead , I find out that all you get is this one lame , small thing for $ 4 !!! Had I known that 's what I was paying for , would never have bought it . Total rip off .
 I purchased this product thinking I was ordering a package of dog toys instead I got one toy for 3 dogs . The picture is very misleading and bad advertising . I could have purchased the same cheap toy at Wal-Mart for that price ! What a rip off .
 When I initially ordered this item , I was lead to believe that I was paying $ 4.43 for the 5 mini-loofa dogs . I find it is very misleading to put the 5 little toys in the product picture , have the `` product features '' say assorted colors , and the description say it ships in assorted colors . Please specify that the consumer is only getting one random colored toy ! I would not have ordered this disappointing single pink toy for my two male dogs had I known that that 's what I would be getting for almost $ 5 ! : -LRB-
 Description is misleading-leads shopper to believe that they are getting 5 toys . I could have gone to the hardware store in town and got a bigger one for $ 1 . I am thinking about returning on principle .
 The multipet name and picture showing 5 dogs , and the fact that I can buy 5 dogs for $ 6 at petsmart lead me to believe that I was ordering 5 dogs . The picture is deceptive . Especially since you are n't asked to choose a color , as I assume would be the case if I were ordering only one . The material is cheap and is easily torn apart by a chihuahua . The older `` bobo '' toy that I purchased from petsmart 3 years ago is much better quality and stil in perfect shape . I doubt this one will survive through the week .
 This ad makes you believe you are getting all the toys not just one tiny one . . Misleading and not worth the money . . Shame on you !
 I bought this filter for my six gallon tank , they seemed to be falling apart already so I put it into another bag , went ahead and bought another filter , because of these bags , the last one I used , not from this seller , also fell apart and some of the inside particles got into my tank , what a mess ! I did n't return them b/c they are so cheap .
 It is totally wasteful . After a month or two I usually clean the filter cartridge.This bio bag is unable to be reused . It simply tears apart after I rinse it off touse it again . This maybe the only brand that makes you buy cartridges over and over .
 The picture of the box has a different size than the actual product so you may think you 're ordering a large size but it is really a junior . When you say that the wrong product was sent , you are told that you were sent what you ordered ... The picture is misleading .
 I bought them for my Whisper EX-20 Filter . They do n't fit them . I had to purchase the next size up . Those do n't fit also ! The problem is the bottom of these are flat , while the bottom of the EX filters are curved.In order to use the Large refills , I ended up buying the Classic Whisper 30 Filter .
 It is sad to think that these filters are so dismal . They vary greatly from the cartridge included with the filter.The included filter cartridge is thick and translucent . These cartridges are thin and almost transparent . I worry that if I were to use the carbon in these filters pieces may fall into my aquarium.As it stands I have two packages of these and I will probably use them minus the carbon . It is really sad that the preassembled quality is astoundingly different from the rags that these are .
 It is totally wasteful . After a month or two I usually clean the filter cartridge.This bio bag is not going to be reused . It simply tears apart after I rinse it off touse it again . This maybe the only brand that makes you buy cartridges over and over .
 after first use , it starts to fall apart . after second use i throw it away . not worth it ! with a brand name like this , i thought they could last longerr .
 The dragons wo n't eat this product but on a very rare occation . The product advertises that it is `` moist '' ... WRONG , and not true . I will not be buying this product again .
 It might just be the type of cat litter we use but these did n't work well for us . I gave the second package away for them to try with their hard clumping clay litter . It 's just easier to use the scoop because I wo n't change back to clay litter ; it 's too dusty .
 So like many of you , I 've read all of the reviews about the Pestell Clear Choice Low Track Silica Crystals cat litter before purchasing and made my decision because it got good reviews . I 'm using this in conjuction with the Self Scoop Litter Box with the hood attachment which I got as a bday present from my boyfriend -LRB- which is working like a charm ever since my cat decided to use it -RRB- . This litter unfortunately is extremely dusty and it does not trap any type of odor . I only have one cat who has normal bathroom habits , but my apartment smelled like cat crap along with this cloud of dust in the air that 's working my asthma to the max ! Here 's the kicker , it 's only been 4 days since my cat has used this!Every time she digs around in the hooded box ; dust gets into the air . You ca n't see the dust but you just get hit with this sudden inability to take a normal breath and my cat has a dusty smell . To further prove this litter is super dusty , I saw fine dusty particles clinging to the inside of the hood and at the opening to the litter box . So , even though it 's been challenging to get my cat to be accustomed to change from using clay litter -LRB- finer -RRB- to this crappy crystal litter -LRB- coarser -RRB- - which took about 3 weeks - we had to get rid of this ! So we got rid of the Pestell litter and replaced it with the Fresh Step crystal litter that came with the litter box . Luckily , the cat took to it right away because it 's a finer crystal so I 'm sure her paws are happier too.We 're happier because the Fresh Step crystals are not dusty and the crystals are small enough to pass through the rake and trap odor . It 's a win-win finally for cat and us . In the end , the lesson in all of this is , do n't get Pestell litter ! It 's super expensive -LRB- ~ $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for the bucket and it does n't qualify for free shipping -RRB- , it 's a dusty mess , it does n't trap odors at all , and if you bought this for the scoop free litter box , and it does n't pass through the rake bc it 's too coarse .
 I purchasedPestell Clear Choice Crystals Cat Litterto use with theScoopFree Self-Cleaning Litter Box . We found the size of the crystals to be too large to work effectively with the ScoopFree . The crystal litter gets pushed to both ends of the litter box . This is not a problem with FreshStep crystals.The litter is also fairly pricy , especially when shipping is included .
 I do n't normally purchase this brand of crystal kitty litter , but my usual brand -LRB- Just the Crystals -RRB- was temporarily out of stock so we decided to give this a try because , you know , kitty 's got ta go.As far as product performance goes , the crystals are much larger than our usual brand and did not work well with the rake in our auto-kitty box . I had to change the crystals more frequently because this brand does not control odor as well and kitty began refusing the box . This brand also produces more dust than our regular brand.Aside from product performance , the packaging was a nightmare . I came home to discover my front porch covered in kitty litter because the 12-pound pail had come open during shipping . Not only was the pail opened , but it was completely split down the side and across the bottom , which meant most of the litter was n't even in the pail when I received it and I had to find another container to store the litter in.Just a bad experience all around . Thankfully , our regular brand is back in stock .
 I decided to give this a try due to the value offered per pound over the similar-sized container offered by Petco . It allowed me to save on making a trip there and paying tax on top of that . Well , that line of thinking was a fallacy because this litter performed so poorly , far worse than the Petco brand crystals . I found its absorption to be sub par and it did n't take long for the crystals to become oversaturated , even with constant stirring and vigilance on my part . Oh , and this is with my owning only ONE cat that weighs just over five pounds . This small cat does n't produce much waste which made the poor performance even more glaring . I found myself changing litter more frequently than with even the cheapest store brand crystals . This did n't happen with Ultra Pet Track-Less Litter Pearls or the Petco brand , both of which I 'd buy before ever buying this Pestell stuff . It 's absolutely useless . I am on subscription with the Ultra Pet brand and could n't be happier as one bag lasts me TWO MONTHS , which is what schedule I set for it to come . And that is n't two months where we 're fighting to make the litter last until time to order again ; it 's a comfortable two month period.The individual who bought this litter and said you have to use it `` properly '' must be more forgiving . It 's dusty , absorbs poorly and you go through it so quickly that any and all value goes out the window . Try the Ultra Pet brand or , if you like these large tubs , the Petco brand crystals . Or newspaper . Anything but this stuff .
 This is probably the dustiest litter I 've ever used , despite the claims of it being dust free.When I first poured it into the box I was hit in the face with a thick cloud that dried out my eyes and made me choke . My cat ca n't tolerate dusty litter so I had to sift through the thing by hand in order to get all of the dust out , and when it was over there was a white haze through my entire 2 bedroom apartment ; it looked as if a fog had settled in my home . I had to open the front door for 10 minutes to get a good crosswind going so the place would air out , but even then I 've found patches of silica dust all over the place.I mean , most of the silica litter I 've used has had some degree of dustiness to it , but this was by far the worst I 've tried out of about 5 brands .
 This product seemed like a good idea , but I would buy a more expensive brand . I bought it to use with my automatic litter cat litter box . It was n't as good as the stuff that came with it . Also the crystals were bigger , but that was minor . It did a far job absorbing urine . What was the deal breaker was , was the odor . I came home 1 week after changing the cat litter I smelled a stale odor in the house . Specifically the smell of cat pee . As soon as I went downstairs , I knew what the problem was . Do n't cheap out . Buy something better .
 I could n't believed how they pack the product . There are no seal for a lid . They just put a paper around it which is not enough . This is not how to pack the product . The result of how you pack and rough deliver guy , a lid was open and the crystals cat litters is all over the floor . I found the crystals cat litters leak on the street too ! I have to clean up the their mess even not my fault ! I never order this product again .
 In the picture , it looks great . The wire top with access is great to soothe a possibly stressed out animal . When I got it in the mail , I could have sworn i was missing a piece of plastic along the edge . The top and bottom did n't seem to close right . And the slide knobs used to open and close the kennel did not glide smoothly across . I had to force . In concept , this would have been a perfect carrier for my rabbit . But i found it to be cheaply made with thin plastic and plastic knobs that do n't even slide smoothly because the mold of the kennel is so poorly made .
 This cage was so bent out of shape that you could not lock the top down . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 this item was way to small for my cat who weighs 8 lbs . her tail didnot fit in and she couldnot stand up
 I can not believe that anyone who had actually purchased this piece of JUNK would actuallygive it a good review ... Does Amazon pay people to give good reviews ??
 This was purchased for my daughter , who is an absolute stickler for keeping her cat 's litterbox clean . The liners did not sift very well , and the box still had to be cleaned by hand , making the liners useless . I will not be purchasing these again .
 These are extremely thin . When my cats scratch around in the litter box they rip up several layers -LRB- 5-6 -RRB- at one time . Therefore , we fly through these and only get 4-5 cleanings with them .
 I thought this was like the as seen on TV product and it turned out to be a piece of plastic sheet with holes . The plastic sheets are so thin that after one day you go and try to pick the clumps of litter and the sheet breaks dropping all the litter back in the litter box . Now you have to use a second sheet and if you skip a day you will need to use 3 or 4 sheets so you end up using most of the 24 sheets in a month time . The litter cost me $ 11 and I use that in 1 month so why would I spend an additional $ 13 for this product for more work when I could just throw the whole thing every weekend ! That plus the shipping is as much as the product cost makes it useless . Ended up going to Frys and getting the Seen on TV -LRB- forgot the name -RRB- and that worked much better . For one the bottom of the other product is a very strong mesh that actually works and you only use one even if you skip a day.Hate writing bad reviews but I love great products and readily pay for the ones that work but do n't like ones that claims they have a good product and do n't !!!
 No matter how much litter was put on top of these liners our cat ripped them up every time . Not worth the trouble .
 I was very disappointed with this product . After not being able to locate the brand of stiffing cat pan liners that I normally use , I tried this brand . I found that my cats would tear through 4 to 5 sheets of this product between cleanings which means the whole pack would only last for 1 week . The liner sheets are too thin and messy . A pack of higher quality liners will last for at least 1 month .
 My birds sleep purched at the top of their swings , they did not like this swing because the wire is too thin for them , they prefer their plastic swing to this one .
 My dog , easily broke from wire cages . I bought this in anticipation he would stay in with the lock . A no go-he got out in minutes . I guess he uses his body weight to pop it open .
 We bought two small size crates . Petmate makes a good crate ! But , international air flights in particular REQUIRE venting on all four sides of the crate . The small crates are not vented in the rear . We solved this issue by drilling a bunch of 1 '' holes . This is not an impossible fix , and the crate is very sturdy , but you have to have a powerful drill as the plastic is tough . I would have given the product 5 stars had the description been correct . With a correct description , I probably would have bought the crate anyway and drilled it , as I know the brand is good , but I was very annoyed to be fibbed to .
 We 've had a lot of plastic crates over the years and this one is one of the worst . It does not have ventilation in the back as shown in the picture . It also has a new turning type door closure that I do n't care for - also not shown in the picture . The way this new door is installed , it narrows the crate entrance by at least 25-30 % . The measurements list it as 48 '' long , but the interior floor where the dog lays is just under 40 '' ! Would not buy this crate again , but it 's size and weight make it difficult to return . This was an expensive mistake .
 Just a word of caution - I received my vari kennel at what I thought was a good price - did n't fully open it right away . When I did , I discovered that it had been shipped to me without a door . A serious drawback for a dog crate ! Unfortunately , it was beyond the return period and now I 'm stuck with a crate without a door . I 'll have to order my own door .
 I got this to replace a # 700 Petmate Classic Kennel , an economy model that I paid less than $ 100 for . My Newfoundland puppy seems to prefer plastic crates to our existing wire ones , so I decided to buy the most inexpensive # 700 as I knew it would not fit her for very long . She is now 5 months and almost 70 pounds , so it was time to get the biggest -LRB- # 900 -RRB- crate . The Petmate Classic was lightweight and had a reversible door , so I could set it to open at the side that fit our house.This crate was very heavy and I thought for over $ 200 it would be well made . My first disappointment was when I found that the door could only be opened in one direction -LRB- handle at right and hinge at left -RRB- . The closing mechanism is a circular knob . My dog is not at all rambunctious and likes being in her crate , so I was surprised to come home one day and find that she had let herself out . The closing pins do n't automatically go into the holes . I thought I had wiggled everything correctly , but I must have not . There is also a locking pin , which I need to turn the light on to release . I liked the Petmate Classic where I could just squeeze the clasp and let her out at night without waking myself up too much.The vents are not very big and she seems to get hotter in this than her old crate . There is also already a small dent in the floor , which surprised me as she is still so small . There are no dents in the outgrown crate.I am not at all impressed with this crate . If it was n't such a hassle I would return it . As it is , I will probably keep my eye out for a better crate or try the wire ones again and donate this to the local animal shelter . The color and size are good , but the quality and ease of use are poor .
 Very , very , very disappointed with this purchase . I paid almost $ 180 for this kennel to ship my dog -LRB- in cargo -RRB- from the US to the UK and it arrived cracked and damaged.We checked in the box for the cracked pieces and none were to be found -LRB- there was a large chunk missing along one of the sides where the top is bolted to the bottom -RRB- . This means that someone packaged and shipped this damaged product to me without even checking that the crate was quality . It did not break in transit , etc.Unfortunately it was too late for me to do an exchange -LRB- had to move my dog on a flight 2 days later ! -RRB- and I tried to duct tape it but United would not take the cracked kennel upon loading and so my dog had to ride in a very much smaller kennel all the way to London.So beyond disappointed . A kennel of this size 1 . should n't ' crack in the first place and 2 . should n't be shipped in that manner . I 'm disappointed I did n't have the correct time to remedy the situation , but wanted to warn other folks that if you are going to order this to make sure it is in good working order immediately upon receipt . If it had not been cracked I think this kennel would 've been totally fine and very comfortable for a med/large dog to fly in cargo.I usually have great experiences with Amazon , but this was a total bummer ... especially at this super high price point that I justified to make sure my dog was comfortable on her journey . Be careful .
 The kennel came broken in the edges where the screws go . It is very difficult for me to return it , but i wanted it to let you know so you can better monitor future shipments ,
 I got this kennel beacause on the product description says that this kennel has rear vents that it is require by the airline I 'm using to transport my dog but when I got the kennel delivery to my home I got with the surprise that it did n't have any rear vents like it says on the product description , of course I 'm not very happy because this is a product that you buy according to the airline regulations and expend a lot of time looking for the one to fit with all these airline regulations that this product claim to have like the rear vents but it did n't , and now I do n't have time to send it back and wait for amazon to send me another one with the rear vents like it says on their product description because I have to travel in a few days only.I have order other products with amazon and i have always been very satisfied with their productcs and their service but this was my most important purchase because of all these airlines regulations and the lock of time and I could n't believe this dog kennel did n't have the rear vents like it says on the product descriptions .
 The giant crate I received is not the one pictured , it is not IATA compliant as it does not have holes in the rear of the crate . I could have bought one like this local for $ 100 but instead went with this because I need a crate that is IATA compliant as I will be moving my pets internationally . I can not really return it because the amount I would pay for return shipping on something like this would be so huge I do n't even think it would be worth it . I guess I 'm pretty much stuck with it but I 'll look into it further . But as I said , if you 're travelling internationally and are buying the Giant Kennel , do n't buy this one , it 's not compliant .
 I have a 60 lb . dog and the kennel description says it fits up to a 70lb . dog . I think the kennel is good for up to a 50 lb . dog and that would be pushing it . I want to return this item but it would be a fortune to return .
 Have used these crates for 40 + years of showing dogs and they sure are not what they used to be . Crate was delivered in large cardboard box and when opened corner was badly chipped . Plastic is much more hard and riged then my older cages . I am sure it will not stand up to much usage . Note to self , better go back to metal dog cages in the future .
 This kennel does not have rear vents as described , and is not `` linen '' white as shown . It is more beige color ... the older version . I notified Amazon of the lack of rear vents -LRB- required on airlines -RRB- but they have not updated the product description .
 I ordered the Giant kennel , and surprise surprise ... the product description was wrong . The back of the kennel is not vented . While this is easily solved with a drill , not everyone has a drill , not everyone wants to go out and get a drill to fix a mistake that should n't have been there to begin with . This is a very expensive product that requires a lot of specific regulations , time , and effort to get right . The hassle alone is beyond ridiculous . This is n't something that can just be taken back to the store or returned easily.As far as the quality itself , it falls short . The material is brittle , the edges of the plastic are not smoothed and have a lot of splinters and scratches , the two halves are warped and do not fit together well . This is not a kennel I would expect to hold a large dog , much less a giant dog . While my Siberian Husky is 27 '' tall at the shoulder , he is only 70lbs and I seriously worry about transporting him in this kennel , much less a larger , heavier dog.Overall , I say beware . I would not purchase this product again and I would never recommend it .
 I orderd this Kennel through dog.com and the dimentions were wrong . I was trying to fly my Great Dane from KS to AK . My parents drove 3 hours to the airport in Omaha only to find out that the Kennel was an INCH to big to fit through the cargo doors and to fit in the bay on the plane . This would n't of been an issue if I was n't using it to transport my dog and that it was very important that they were accurate when they told me the dimentions which are also posted on the side of the kennel . I contacted the company to get my money back and they did n't seem to care about the stress they put on my dog or the huge inconvience they caused me and my family . DO NOT buy this kennel if you are using it to transport your pet on a plane ! I realize this could of been just my kennel , but it is the company that is selling the product responsibility to check it and make sure it is correct .
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT GOOD FOR CRATE TRAINING !!! BUYER BEWARE ! I actually got this kennel for my 7 year old min-pin and have a smaller kennel for my 3-month old min-pin but the product description says it is for UP-TO 15 lbs . DO NOT PUT SMALL PUPPIES IN THIS KENNEL !!!! I put the puppy in this kennel temporarily to keep her from getting under my feet while I cleaned out her kennel . Suddenly her normal whimpers and yaps at the indignation of being kenneled turned into non-stop shrieks of terror and pain.I ran into the room to find that while attempting to bite the bars on the sides of this kennel , she 'd gotten her snout/top jaw stuck in one of the slats and her bottom jaw stuck in the other with her canine 's preventing her from pulling it out.PANICKED I ran to get some pliers and when I came back she had bubbles coming out of her nostrils ! I was able to bend the bar away from the top of her nose and as soon as I did she freed herself . Her vet gave her a clean bill of health but I will NOT be placing her back in this kennel ever!With my older min-pin I do n't have to worry about this , for one thing her nose is much too big to fit through the slats - let alone get stuck - and she 's fully crate trained and lays calmly in it like a good girl . My puppy 's kennel has the small plastic holes so I do n't have that fear with it but PLEASE , PLEASE if you own or buy this kennel DO NOT put a small puppy in it . I thought for sure I was going to lose her ! Easily that was the most terrifying experience of my life!THIS PRODUCT IS NOT GOOD FOR CRATE TRAINING !
 Although ZPets delivered these as promised , the quality is poor.The swings separate from the hooks that hang them . Ordered 24 of these and 12 of them are not usable . I will contact ZPets about this fault.Canaries love this swing and ufortunatley it is dangerous to them when they come apart and they go crashing down unexpectedly .
 my parrot had zero interest in sitting on this swing . the only thing he wanted to do was to knaw on it . i ended up trashing it after a few weeks .
 well , i ordered this for my finches , but it did not come with anything to attach it -LRB- them -RRB- to the cage , so it was just a waste of time and little money . i am not even sure if it was supposed to come with an attachment for the cage , but how else are they supposed to be supported on the cage ?
 At roughly $ 1/shell , the price is n't bad . However , the number of shells that the crabs actually use is quite low . There are lots of places online that specialize in hermit crab shells and have very precise measurements , as well as giving you the ability to pick out shells that crabs actually like . Why pay for a little conch shell that 'll sit empty when most -LRB- commonly kept -RRB- crabs prefer turbos or murex ?
 Arrived damaged ... . Missing perch/port . . Otherwise made of cheap , thin plastic . . Need short stainless screw to hold base together.Plastic tabs designed to hold everything together would fail after filling with seed.Do not recommend .
 The tube in this feeder is barely strong enough to be compared to a disposable water bottle.The green plastic is shoddy and is clearly going to be temporary.This feeder is not going to enhance anyone 's garden , and will have a very brief life .
 The feeder is extremelly cheaply made , is all plastic , and falls apart easily . Just the weight of a squirrel sitting on it , will cause the bottom tray to start coming apart from the feeder . In less then a week , the squirrels had completly destroyed this feeder , and it will no longer hold seed.Don ' t waste your money on this product .
 Very light plastic tube destroyed within a couple of days by squirrels.Patched up version is still in service but do n't waste your money .
 I paid too much for this i shoud have saved up for a better oneOk it could have been made way better , but it 's too hard to fill and the feeder ports keep dripping seeds , ist Demise was the squirrels who chewed off the seed stops so now it wo n't hold any seed .
 I 've had this feeder for about 2 months . The tube is thin plastic and 1 of the ports would not stay in the feeder and resulted in a seed spill . Look elsewhere for better construction . I 'm just glad it was n't that expensive .
 One plastic perch was found broken off this the feeder upon arrival . I suppose this was due to poor packaging rather than a manufacturing defect .
 The bottom saucer is held on to the tube with 2 ` bump-out ' tabs you activate from inside . They are TOO SMALL and do not bump out and hold the saucer on the bottom of the tube , and without a separate bottom to the tube , all the seeds spill out -LRB- and the saucer falls to the ground -RRB- . I have wired the saucer to the tube in a manner I can undo -LRB- to wash -RRB- but if the darn bump outs were a little bigger , this would not be a problem . VERY POOR DESIGN -LRB- the bump-out tabs ; the rest is fine -RRB- . I would neither recommend nor purchase again .
 It worked well , and the birds enjoyed the feeder ... for about two days . Then , the squirrels had managed to chew off all of the plastic . Search for another feeder if you have squirrels .
 I had never had a bird feeder before , so I purchased this one to test it out.It lasted about a week . Squirrels got on to it and ate through the plastic tube that holds the feed.If you have a way to suspend this feeder that is `` squirrel proof '' it is a good alternative . Otherwise , you may want to consider something else.I 've included a picture on the product page that may be helpful .
 There is a reason this items does not cost much . Not very stong materials that this feeder is made of .
 At first I thought this would be a great bird feeder and it looks really cute hanging up . It was easy to fill with minimal seeds falling out the sides.However , I have a few issues with it .1 -RRB- After hanging in my yard for less than a week one of the perches broke off .2 -RRB- Very cheep plastic ... be careful not to crack it when washing it every couple of weeks . I do n't see this as being able to withstand a lot of washings before the tube breaks .3 -RRB- The birds will never be able to reach the last inch or two of seed ... the lowest opening is too high . The seed will just sit there and go stale.Lucky for me this broke within the first 30 days , so I was able to return it to amazon .
 not what I thought I was buying , tried contacting seller , who never responded will not buy from again .
 Was very excited for this product to put around the cage and hopefully keep the dogs out . Unfortunately the velcro stickers wo n't hold -LRB- velcro works , stickers do n't -RRB- and the product is rather flimsy so wo n't keep the dogs out after all .
 Bought this to boost the temps in a 20 gallon tank for my carpet python with a respiratory infection . My goal , per the vet is low to mid 90 's . I assumed I was reaching those temps until I noticed the thermostat was calling for heat , but the bulb was off ... it shuts off somewhere in the md 80 's . This is inexcusable for a reptile heat lamp . I 've grown accustomed to the terrible quality products provided to herp keepers , but for the price , this really is not acceptable .
 Every single Zoo Med bulb I 've bought burns out within 1-2 months . After 3 bulbs I figured it was my lamp so I bought a new lamp and they continued to blow out within weeks . Zoo Med does not know how to make a lasting bulb .
 Should have listened to the other reviews , but I thought I might get a `` good '' one . No such luck , the first one of these lasted a little over 2 months before it burnt out . This is in a rigid ceramic fixure that was never moved , on 10 hours per day on a timer , so it 's not careless handling to blame.This is really unacceptable in a 40 dollar plus bulb . Unfortunately , there appears to be little choice at the moment . My favorite `` mega-rays '' are impossible to get right now.One star . I 'd give it zero if I could .
 One of the worst MVB on the market . The only thing that was good about it was that it gave off enough heat as well as UV .
 I 'm going to make this review very short , but not so sweet ... I bought a 100 watt Powersun for my juvenile bearded dragon on Sept. 22 , 2012 . By the third week in November -LRB- only 2 months later -RRB- , my bearded displayed weakness in his hind limbs . My exotic vet thought the symptoms were the beginnings of Metabolic bone disease . He gave Calcium injections and gave me oral calcium . He asked me what type of light I had and how long I 'd had it . I told him it was a 100 watt Powersun and I had only purchased it two months prior . He said that was fine . A couple of weeks later , my little friend was still not getting better . 12/12/12 I replaced my Powersun with a 100 watt Megaray from reptileuv.com . I sent my Powersun bulb off to be tested for UV output . The bulb was putting off 6 microwatts @ 12 inches -LRB- .2 UVI -RRB- . This means the bulb was completely inadequate ... not giving my pet anything close to even minimal UV rays . I later found out that this product is mass produced in China . Even though my beardie started to shed and grow during the 6 wks of having the new Megaray bulb , the damage was done and it was just too late . My beardie , who was greatly loved and cared for , died on 1/27/12 ... less than a week of being 7 months old . I definitely contribute the death of my sweet beardie to the failure of this Powersun bulb . Please , PLEASE , if you 're going to have a reptile that needs heat and UV make sure you do n't use this Powersun bulb !!! Additionally , two sources of UV in the terranium is probably not a bad idea ... just in case one is completetly inadequate/defective .
 The first one I ordered arrived broken and the second quit working after one day . Ended up with a fluorescent type . Nice idea but way too problematic .
 I purchased this lamp and put it in a deep dome , vented , ceramic socketed hood . The bulb lasted about 12 hours . This was plugged directly into the wall outlet . I got a replacement lamp from Amazon shortly after . This was put in the same hood , same location etc. . This one lasted about 7 weeks with about 9 hours daily use.For the money this life expectancy is horrible.The lamp is parallel to the floor , not tilted or anything odd . The lamp is not touching anything , does not get misted or even breathed on yet the life is so short . I do not have any thing between it and the power source.I really was hoping for a good lamp/brand here .
 I used it for 3 months with no problems . It then goes off after 5 minutes by itself . I turn off the power and after it cools down a bit I turn it on again it is OK but then goes off after a few minutes . I need a new bulb and it will not be a Powersun .
 I decided to give this bulb a chance , even though it has mixed reviews due to its questionably short life . This thing burned up within a week . Another bulb , not exactly sure what brand it is , has been working for the passed six months . I 'm definitely not buying another one of these things .
 I have had two Powersun 100 watt bulbs , each only lasted 2 months and then burned out . I used them correctly !! They should last 10-12 months.Do not buy this product , buy a MegaRay or a T-Rex .
 I bought this lamp 3 weeks ago and recieved it 2 wks ago , set it up for my Beardie and it blew out today ! 2 wk life span ? I think I got ripped off !
 I bought two lamps zoomed powerlump and they worked for half an hour . I spent a lot of money for nothing . I 'm really upset with this product .
 This bulb puts out heat , like it should for a basking bulb , however , after setting this bulb up -LRB- yes , I followed the directions on the minimum and maximum distance -RRB- my bearded dragon started refusing to bask . I checked the heat of the basking area and changed the distance so it maintained a temperature of 102 degrees fahrenheit -LRB- the vet said it needed to be between 100-105 degrees with him preferring to be between 105-110 -RRB- . After 3 months , the first bulb simply quit working . I sent it back and after about a month without a bulb I received a replacement from the company . I have had the replacement for about 3 months and it has quit working like the last one . I will not be re-purchasing this bulb in the future and I do not recommend it . My beardie hates it and it is definitely not worth the price .
 I bought this UV bulb at the beginning of September from Amazon . Do n't get me wrong the delivery was awesome , but the product stink ! I did n't use the UV light until October 3 , 2011 when I got my bearded dragon . It continued to work for exactly 1 month before it made a loud popping noise and never came back on again . Unfortunately I could not find the box or anything else proving when and where a purchased the bulb . So , that same day , November 3 , 2011 , I went to Pet Smart And told one of the cashiers about the issue and he told me that the dome that I had was wrong . Not only did I have to buy a brand new UV light but I bought an `` appropriate '' dome as well . When I got up this Morning -LRB- January 7 , 2011 -RRB- to turn my dragon 's light on , it came on and went right off ... I think it is safe to say that Zoo Med Powersun UV Mercury Vapor Lamp 100 Watts is a terrible waste of money .
 This is for my tortoise table , fixed onto a zoomed mini deep dome fixture . It stopped working after one month.I bought a second bulb , taking the precaution this time to plug it into a surge protector to prevent surges from blowing the bulb out.Blew again after barely a month use!I am looking to buy another brand , these bulbs should last much longer . It is not worth the trouble to replace them each time it happens .
 Title says it all . Worked great , until it burnt out in about two weeks . Never again . Do yourself a favor and get one that actually lasts
 Bought 2 of these -LRB- bearded dragon and russian tortoise -RRB- . One lasted about 2 hours and the other one appears to be having issues as well . Made sure I spent the money on the deep dome LF-17 with ceramic socket after reading the warnings so the fixture did not damage these expensive bulbs . $ 6 Walmart clamp light with a $ 4 spot light worked with no problems , just lacked UVB so upgraded to this expensive bulb . Hoping the Zoo Med return process is not too much of a hassle .
 after a week my bearded dragon would not open his eyes . the closes point to the light was 10 inchs but he never got within 15 inchs of the light . mabe it was just to bright i dont know . but went back to my old light a he went back to opening his eyes . gave it a week and tryed the light again -LRB- cost 50 bucks wanted to make sure it was the light -RRB- did the same thing . bearded dragon is about a year old alway ate great not big on greens but eats some . after going back to the old light went back to normal in a day or two this was the 100w .
 Received light and for the first week it was wonderful . Our tortoise loved to bask underneath it . Today I went to turn it on and it flickered out . Very disappointed . The lightbulb states 6000 hours , ours did not even last 70 !
 This is the 2010 new version 100w UVB lamp . I do n't know why Zoo Med changed to very very low UVB output . I installed the lamp with Zoo Med Deep Dome , and used Solarmeter 6.2 UVB Meter to test the lamp . ZooMed PowerSun 100w with Deep Dome , 12 '' = UVB 35W/cm , 5.5 '' = UVB 77W/cm . ZooMed 10.0 UVB with Deep Dome 12 '' = UVB 37W/cm . The ZooMed 10.0 UVB is higher then the ZooMed PowerSun 100w !!! I suggest to not buy this 100w lamp.I have already return this lamp , and change to used Mega-Ray SB 100w , Mega-Ray SB 100w with out deep dome in 12 '' = UVB 215 ` W/cm2 , in 29 '' = UVB 55 ` W/cm2 .
 so it turns out these bulbs shut off when they get to hot and then turn back on . Thats kind of pointless in a way because it seems like they keep shutting off and on . When the temp is n't really all that high . My turtle is like wtf ? lol
 We bought it on Sept 18 , 2011 and it died today -LRB- Jan 25 , 2012 -RRB- . We had it on a standard timer set for about 14 hours a day .
 I couldnt get a TRex 100W flood so i thought i 'd give this bulb a chance and i was totally not satisfied . Only 13 '' from my tortoise , the Zoo Med bulb was only giving off 75 degrees of heat.Within 2 weeks i had replaced it with the TRex which gives off 95 degrees of heat at the same distance and has a longer output of UVB .
 I purchased the powersun bulb because the trex 100 watt was n't available . I planned to use this for a tortoise hatchling enclosure . I recieved the bulb on a thursday . Got the lamp -LRB- zoo med mini combo dome -RRB- on friday , and tested it out . it came on immediately , and was really bright . It did n't change hue as it warmed up as they say it will . I also made sure i did n't move it while it was on , it was hanging down directly over the cage . At 19 '' from substrate I was getting 85 degrees in an degree room . at 15 inches 90 degrees and at 13 inches 95 degrees . I left the bulb on for a total of one hour that day checking the temperatures under the basking spot depending on the temperature of the room . -LRB- at one point the room was 89 degrees , but the basking spot only went up to 97 . Anyway I turned it off friday afternoon , and when i tried to turn it on saturday it would n't come on . the room was n't hot , and the bulb had n't been used in a long time . i waited and left it on for 3 hours still no light or heat . then i heard a loud buzzing so i turned it off . tried to turn it on this morning -LRB- sunday -RRB- , and it wo n't turn on again . it has n't overheated , and the bulb did n't look to be deformed in any way . I have a constant stream of energy to the socket and all the other bulbs work fine . i have contacted the manufacturer and the company I bought it from , i 'm still waiting to hear back . I did n't purchase it from amazon , I just thought this info would be helpful to anyone who is looking to buy a powersun bulb .
 The lamp arrived non-working , with huge scratches inside the glass , and the electronic parts looking like they had been crushed . Always had good service from these lamps until this purchase .
 Like others have stated only lasted one month before burning out . I even wore latex gloves when handling the bulb thinking maybe it was oil on the glass causing other peoples problems with premature burnout . Oh well looks like its time to make a warranty claim .
 This thing is garbage . It gives off no real heat & it only lasted 3 months . This light sucks . Should not have ignored the bad reviews .
 I purchased the Zoo Med PowerSun UV Mercury Vapor Lamp 100 Watts in January 2012 , and as of April 26 , 2012 it stopped working . I expected more longevity from such an expensive bulb .
 This bulb lasted less than 4 months . It started going on and off for a few days , then burned out . Pretty expensive for only a few months use .
 I bought this bulb 7/22/2011 . It has burned out on 10/17/2011 . It did n't even last 3 mos . For the price , you 'd think you 'd get more than a couple month 's use out of it . Now I have to buy another one .
 This is a good lamp , but lasts like no time at all . The package says 10,000 hours , which theoretically , if you used the lamp 10-12 hours a day , then the lamp should last at least for 800-1000 days . In reality , it lasted like 3 months . It 's OK , and suitable for my pair of bearded dragons , but is very expensive , and has very little life.Kinda sucky . Way overpriced .
 The bulb burned out after 4-5 months . It has a year warranty so I paid $ 14 to send it back for a replacement . After 2 months now the replacement has burned out as well . Company wants me to pay another $ 14to send it back for another replacement bulb until the one year expires in May 2012 . We paid $ 80 for the first one and you have to deal with the manufacturer for warranty claims .
 I read the reviews of others and was still willing to take a chance on the product since it was cheaper than Petco . I did not get one hour of use from this bulb ! I installed it into the lamp and plugged it in and the light immediately came on - I flipped the switch into the off position and put the final touches on my tank - all of 5-7 minutes . I went to turn the lamp on again and it did n't work ! I switched out the bulb to determine if the lamp had problems or if it was the bulb . It was the bulb . Most complained of the short bulb life - but this was ridiculous !!!
 I ordered this bulb for my Mali Uromastix three months ago . I ignored the bad reviews of it and ordered anyways . It has a warranty but I did n't register it . Bad decision . Now I 'm having to buy another . It just stopped working for no reason . I will be sure to get the warranty this time .
 I wish I had the experience other reviewers have had . I have two healthy year old bearded dragons . I can not get the suction cups to stick enough to support their weight -LRB- one at a time -RRB- no matter what I do - wet the cup , etc etc. . Disappointing .
 No matter how I try mounting the hammock , the suction cups fall off the glass within a day or two . I unfortunately bought two hammocks at once , and have had the same problem with both . My bearded dragons like sitting on the hammocks , and do n't seem traumatized from the repeated inevitable collapses . The suction cups look well-made , so maybe it 's the humidity or something , but this product does n't work for me .
 The mesh detached from the suction cups and our dragon fell off . She 's fine , but I returned the hammock tonight . I like the idea , but this item is not constructed very securely .
 Didnt state you need to buy to for it to be completed . More info wouldve been nice . Oh well !!
 It is totally wasteful . After a month or two I usually clean the filter cartridge.This bio bag is unable to be reused . It simply tears apart after I rinse it off touse it again . This maybe the only brand that makes you buy cartridges over and over .
 aside from having to wait over 5 weeks for this product , it arrived and was not what I was ordering.I have returned it
 I am very pleased with Blue Buffalo dry cat food . My cats just love it and I have noticed shiner coats and less shedding . I also seem not to be cleaning quite so much out of the litter box . I purchased this through Amazon.com . The ordering was very easy and delivery was timely .
 I put my cat on Blue Buffalo 's weight loss formula about 6 months ago because his weight had climbed to 13 lbs after being treated to leftovers of my late cat 's k/d high fat food prior to eventually having her put down -LRB- no matter what I did , she always left 1/3 of her food for her little buddy ! -RRB- . I took my cat to the vet for his 6 mo weight check and he had actually GAINED weight - a hefty 15 pound boy !!!! I was horrified because I had been feeding him only the recommended minimum amount and he has NO access to other food or treats . The vet put him on a low carb diet , `` Catkins '' if you will ... I am so disappointed that I wasted so much money on this product but even more disappointed that I put my cat 's life in danger in the process . : -LRB-
 I ca n't rate this product with even one star ! I received my product and some of the brackets were bent , broken , uneven and I felt as thought something that should 've taken about 10 min . to put together took too long . I spent too much time trying to ensure that this piece was together correctly I finally got fed up , left it alone and then came back to it . How do you sell someone something that has pieces messed up and tell the person that it 's brand new . I do n't believe this was new as the instructions were missing from the box upon my long awaited receipt of the cage . I ordered on December 5 and did n't receive until December 23 , why does n't it take 2 weeks for something like this to arrive but it only takes 10 seconds to verify and retrieve the funds from a credit card ? Do n't buy it , it 's not worth it ! Go to a store and get one!Brand New Bird Cage Cages 18x14x46 With Stand 5894Blk/S
 I used this with a 10 gallon tank . I had the thermometer set to 79 degrees . I had this thing on the side right next to the heater . It showed 70 degrees when I had the heater on 79 degrees . I moved the heater up to 82 degrees and this thing said 74 degrees . I do n't know what was wrong but I did n't think this thing worked so I sent it back .
 This product , even when used with Ensley 's cat attactant -LRB- chopped cat nip ?? -RRB- absolutely did not work for my cat . He continued to use the floor and even avoided the box more than before !
 This expen $ ive litter does NOT work . My 8 week old stray would rather use an empty disposable box or my carpet than touch this stuff . I will be getting my money back and will try crate training her instead .
 I have a male that was acting out not using his litter pan , I purchased this product hoping it would do the trick . Unfortunately it did n't work . I am sure it does for some cats , but not for all . I suggest buying the smallest bag first to make sure as it is expensive . It is a nice litter and clumps well , so I gave it 2 stars for that .
 We tried this litter based upon recommendation . Our cat sometimes goes outside the box and this was advertised to correct the problem . It did not . Additionally , we did not like the substance as it was difficult to clean . When it gets wet , it clumps into a solid mass that stuck to the litter box and was difficult to remove . I even broke the scooper trying to remove a clump . This litter is also very expensive , compared to plain clay . Save your money to spend on something more useful .
 Nasty stuff for the humans -LRB- sticky gooey mess at the point where clumps form against the sides of the box -RRB- , and does n't attract my cats in any way . One cat ALWAYS uses his litter , so he continues using this too , but the odd thing was that he ALWAYS just can not WAIT to make his mark in every freshly changed litter box and yet he was COMPLETELY UNINTERESTED in marking this new litter , until later that night when it was time for him to `` go '' . The PROBLEM cat , on the other hand , did n't use this litter ANY more than he 'd been using the old litter . Makes ya wonder whether the glowing reviews come from the company 's stockholders .
 This litter is NOT 99 % dust free ! I can not imagine how this will affect my poor kitties , when I am scooping the litter boxes ! It makes my nose run , my eyes itch and my lungs hurt !! Oh sure the cats do use it , but it is 99 % DUSTY !!
 This product definitely works ... in fact , it works so well that my cat seems to refuse to use any other brand now . This is not necessarily very good news , as it is VERY expensive ! The 20 pound bag only seems good for about 2 uses -- and its $ 20 per bag ... that 's $ 40 per month for one small siamese cat . The litter gets used up FAST because it really seems to `` extreme clump '' ... meaning , my cat pees once and it clumps so much that when I scoop it out , half the litter is gone . I 'm now trying out new things and I 'll let you know how they work out . The other complaint I have is that it seems messier than other litters I 've tried ... lots of little white grains all over our kitchen floor ... and this is with a large and deep cat pan . : - -LRB- Nov. 8 , 2008
 I have 2 2 yo males neutered cats who have never used the litter box consistently for pooping . I have tried nearly every type of litter , litter box , self-cleaning or basic plastic box , lid , no lid , etc. . Desperate , I bought this product with great hopes -- along with two more litter boxes and a box of Arm and Hammer clumping litter.They now have 4 boxes with 3 different litters . Yet the only litter they have * never * used for relieving themselves is `` Cat Attract . '' Yes , they have been inside the box , evidenced by the litter being moved around . But they have never done their business there and continue to poop on the floor next to it . In fact , they will occasionally use the new Arm & Hammer litter , similar in texture to Cat Attract , but not the product in question.Like the other reviewer indicated , it is nice litter otherwise , so I gave it 2 stars . But do n't assume this litter will be your cure-all for behavioral problems . HTH a little . Good luck .
 Our cat is still peeing outside her litter box , so it did n't solve that issue . It may have helped our kitten , he was n't fully litter box trained when we found him and would pee on the bed/sofa/towels . We 'd broken him of everything except the bed when we got this litter , we also got a second open box and moved it next to the bed -LRB- gross but necessary -RRB- at the same time . He stopped peeing on the bed but we 're not sure if it was because the box was right there or because of the litter . However , we LOVE this litter , it clumps better than our old litter and smells good . The cats seem to like it as well . It 's only a couple dollars more than our old litter -LRB- Scoop Away -RRB- at Petsmart . It was almost $ 10 more at Petco . We 've permanently switched to this litter .
 Cabinet LEDs work better , are slimmer and brighter -LRB- dimable by tape , plastic film or dimmer switch . -RRB- two of these barely lit my 30 gallon . was not happy with them .
 It is totally wasteful . After a month or two I usually clean the filter cartridge.This bio bag is unable to be reused . It simply tears apart after I rinse it off touse it again . This maybe the only brand that makes you buy cartridges over and over .
 The product : is fine . It fits and functions perfectly with my Paragon water filter , whose valve started leaking after about three years . This valve has the plunger-type switch , which I prefer over the previous valve with a turn-knob . With the plunger , you pull it out to divert water to the filter . When you turn off the faucet , the plunger automatically retracts , so you ca n't forget and leave it in position to feed the water filter . One note - this adapter noticeably reduces the flow through the faucet as compared to my old adapter . Not a problem for me , but it does take longer to fill the sink.Update - a few weeks later
 I was considering buying this cage for my 2 parakeets , and decided to check around first . You can buy this exact same cage on Ebay for $ 41.99 !! The listing starts around $ 39 . with a buy it now for $ 41.99 . I just got one for $ 41.00 . and the shipping is only $ 18 . Still a big savings .
 Nice collar with nice colors but falls off my cat due to the clasp.Better off with a regular collar with a regular clasp .
 I Bought 3 Of These Collars , When I First Received These Collars I Thought They Looked Good , And I Had Alot Of Choices In Colors , But After 2 Weeks Of My Cats Wearing These Collars , The Collars Started Shrinking And Twisting To Wear They Were Starting To Choke My Cats , So I Had To Take Them Off And Through Them Away , So These Collars Are Dangerous And A Waste Of Money , So I 'm Going Back To Buying Safe Cat Collars .
 This was the most confusing product that I 've ever bought in my life . I came with absolutely no instructions , not even a picture . I had to pull up the picture on my PC to get an idea of what it was suppose to look like . Then , as we were putting it together , the little hook holders broke and it is held together with metal twist ties . I 'm glad my little parrotlet likes this cage , because it really is a confusing piece of junk . I would never buy another from this company .
 I bought three last week . These are not safe !! My cats caught them when grooming and the pulled threads cinched the collars so tight they choked them . We caught it when Trouble was just laying still and we checked the collar and it was so tight we could n't get our finger under it , He was grooming and slowly pulled the nylon fiber threads which in turned tightened the collar to the point of choking him . Sandia Pet Products Neon Orange Cat Safety Collar - Adjustable 8 to 12 inchAlso the Adjustable belt slides making the collar either grow tight or loose.Do not buy !
 not one of my faves from ntrl bal . im a huge fan of the dry foods but this food -LRB- additive -RRB- seemed harsh and smelly . first of all it seems weird to me that its not frozen on chilled when you buy it . what i did was open it up , take all the wrapping off , cut it in 1/4 '' medallions then freeze it . when i thaw it , i use hot water and mix it in dry food . it makes the kitchen stink . i use paw naturaw or the one with the rainbow label .
 I am just disgusted that KV pets felt that sending out terribly trimmed and homemade collars was worth the negative feedback . It is clear that this item was either a return or exchange . I do n't blame the person who did . It is one of the most shameless sales I have witnessed through Amazon , which I just love . The collar is nothing as pictured . It 's basically a thick plastic hand-trimmed by using a template to trace . Even the edge shows the uneven scissor cuts . I will post a clear photo of the used item right out of their package .
 Nothing to say except this product is a complete waste of time and money , Not much else that I can say
 I will no longer be buying Dogswell products . The sad part of all of this is that high end holistic petshops are selling this product line
 My dogs love these treats and by reading the label you think they are wonderful.HOWEVER in really really really small print at the bottom of the package , it says made in China . I do n't trust anything made in China and will not be buying this product again.Seems Dogswell is not proud of this fact and aware it is a problem also , otherwise why would it be in such small print and at the bottom of the package?Maybe if everyone complained about a product from China , DOgswellwould be forced to have it made here in the USA . Its not like its low cost or anything .
 I , too , bought a bag of these treats - not even thinking twice about where they were manufactured . My dog loves them . When I came to Amazon to order more - much to my horror -LRB- but appreciation to reviewers who made me aware -RRB- - I found out these treats are Made In China !!!! Why would Dogswell do that ? They claim some of their other products are manufactured in the US - so why not all of their products ? Obviously China was the lowest bidder . I hope Dogswell will move their facilities stateside - so until them - I will no longer buy , support this product . Too bad . Dogswell - are you listening - do you care ?
 I am a health nut I make my dogs meals everyday . I bought these treats not seeing that they were MADE IN CHINA . He had only 2 of these . He almost died he was paralyzed in his back legs and could not stand or walk , blood in his water like stools and vomiting . I still do n't know if he will be ok I have over 1,000.00 vet bill and its not over yet . Please BEWARE I do n't want any others to suffer the way Moe has . Check on the internet this has been going on since 2007 and the FDA has a warning but no recall .
 My dog got ill after eating these treats -LRB- e.g. , diarrhea , vomiting -RRB- . I would not recommend them to any other pet owner and I agree that folks should be concerned about the `` Made in China '' aspect of these treats . The packaging makes them appealing as a natural healthy treat for dogs , but purchase with caution .
 After reading an article today about the FDA cautioning pet owners about chicken jerky and chicken strips made in China , I am wondering if that is what caused my dog do be so ill -LRB- and $ 380 in vet bills -RRB- three weeks ago , a few hours after eating a Vitality Chicken Breast strip . He has eaten them in the past and loved them and has since -LRB- before I read the article -RRB- had a few more from the same package without incident . His illness -LRB- throwing up , bloody stool , loss of appetite -RRB- might be unrelated but I am throwing away the rest of the package and staying away from dog foods made in China .
 I fed these chicken breast treats to my Miniature Dalmatian for years and she died of Kidney Failure at 3 years old.The manufacturers address in California is written in bold type on the bag falsely making you believe they are made in the US , but they are actually manufactured in CHINA -LRB- which is written in tiny print in the seam of the bag -RRB- which has been linked to multiple dog sicknesses and deaths . See the link below :[ ... -RSB-
 I 'm kind of unhappy that they make you buy the whole impeller , the plastic blades cost about 50 cents and snap on and off easily ... . but I guess they do n't sell the blades separately .
 I bought the AquaClear 50g filter for my tank because reviews said it was one of the quietest . However , after a year , the impeller began to grind and rattle , so I bought this replacement one in hopes of stopping the noise . Unfortunately , I will never know if a new impeller would have solved the problem . The first one I received came in a smashed box and had two blades cracked off . So , I returned it for a replacement , and received another defective impeller -LRB- no blades cracked off , but it had come loose from the plastic box during shipping and bounced around , causing wear and tear , and when placed in my filter , was exponentially louder than it had ever been -RRB- due to improper packaging . So , I returned THAT one for a replacement , and the third impeller had one blade cracked off . It 's not worth it to keep asking for replacements if they wo n't improve the packaging . These impellers are delicate and the littlest chip will cause the impeller to rattle in the filter . That said , I do not recommend buying this impeller online . If you can find another place that packages it properly , then go for it . But not Amazon .
 One of the blades is chipped . I ordered this impeller because even the vaseline would n't help the original impeller on the AquaClear filter I got . But like the original , one of the blades is a little chipped . I chose the filter because it received very good reviews . Maybe I got stuck with a lemon .
 I bought it because the description sounded really good . I have corner brushes in my house and cats love them , so I figured they would like this brush . Unfortunately , the bristles are very sharp and they are just scared of it and do n't want to go near it no matter what I tried .
 As cool as this product seems to humans , none of my 10 cats has bothered with it at all after many months . It seems more to be in their way than something that interests them . I tried catnip , and even that did n't get them to walk through the loop ; rather , they walk around it . I am not disappointed in the shipping or the product , just my cats ' response or lack thereof , which is the reason for the purchase . I will probably donate it to the local humane society 's cat house .
 I rarely if ever see either of my two cats use this product . I suppose it would depend on your cat but this is one item they could have lived without .
 I purchase a LOT from amazon.com , and this is the first product I have been truly disappointed with . The item arrived unused -LRB- 1 star -RRB- , but the glue on the base was old and the carpeting was unwrapping , and would not stay affixed to the bottom of the base - making it sit lopsided on the floor . For the price , they could have at least stapled the carpeting to the base - good grief ! Secondly , the brush ends would not mount properly into the base , regardless of how much pressure was applied . VERY DISAPPOINTED in this product - a complete waste of money ! For a new item , this condition is simply unacceptable . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND !
 I am just disgusted that KV pets felt that sending out terribly trimmed and homemade collars was worth the negative feedback . It is clear that this item was either a return or exchange . I do n't blame the person who did . It is one of the most shameless sales I have witnessed through Amazon , which I just love . The collar is nothing as pictured . It 's basically a thick plastic hand-trimmed by using a template to trace . Even the edge shows the uneven scissor cuts . I will post a clear photo of the used item right out of their package .
 Beware folks , this is a flea comb with rotating tines -LRB- they neglect to mention that up above -RRB- . If you 're using it as just a fine comb for grooming , then it 's a good thing , but if you actually want it to catch fleas , take a pass on this one.Rotating tines are -LRB- much -RRB- less effective at flea catching than the fixed tines and I certainly would not have purchased this comb if I had known what it really was ...
 The pillow is very nice to look at . Actually I use it for a couch pillow instead of for the dog . It is way over stuffed for the dog to get comfy on . I would not buy another one
 I was so excited for this product as my cats love the leather and fur on these type of mice . I was all but disappointed when I received them though . I received a package that contained 2 quite large mice instead of the `` normal '' size , half that do n't rattle , and only 5 that were covered in the leather/fur combo . The rattlers are cheap . This is the first product on Amazon that I have been disappointed by . Not worth the money for the simple fact that what you see is not what you get .
 The picture is totally misleading - I had purchased these mice a few months back and received exactly what was pictured - this time around , I got 4 large mice , the rest smaller mice and 5 total of them did n't even rattle - they appear to be offered by a different seller - I returned them for a full refund
 Yes it contained 12 mice but they were all different and definitely not what I or my cat wanted . There were maybe just two `` rattling fur mice '' in this pack that looked like the ones in the photo -LRB- small . -RRB- Some were big , some were small . Some rattled and some did not . I even got a couple that were not even real fur , which is the reason I ordered these to begin with.I felt this ad to be very deceptive and would never order from this vendor again .
 First off , the photo misrepresents the product . The photo shows only SMALL mice.What you actually get are some small mice , then about 3 LARGE `` mice '' which look like rats ! My cat did not like the rats and would not play w/them . Also , the fur on some of the mice are fake and low quality compared to other mice I have bought in past .
 I 've been purchasing `` rattling fur mice '' for my cats for at least 15 years and have never received such poor quality before.First of all , the package looks like it had been laying around for years . The mice are dried out and cracked in several places . One of the tails pulled off just from being picked up by me -LRB- no playing involved -RRB- and the fur is discolored/stained . Have had many Cosmic Cat toys before and these look like seconds . Quality is terrible . They are all different sizes and look `` patched '' together . Wo n't let the kittens play with them - they just do n't look `` safe '' . Buy these from your local pet store where you can see the merchandise first and not pay the extra for shipping .
 What a paradox to sell real fur to animal lovers . Many of us have rescue cats and dogs ; in which way does it make sense to save these animals only to support the killings of others by buying real fur ? I 'm not touching these , and neither are my cats .
 These were advertised as the original fur mice . They are not . My cat , who loves the originals , wo n't touch these . So , they went to the mousie animal shelter .
 I have two Siberian cats - this comb could not even come close to going through their hair . Do NOT buy this product - a complete waste of my money !
 To get our dog to eat this food , we have to hand-feed her . Every night and morning it is a struggle to get her to eat , and often we are forced to put treats or beef stock mixed with the food to get her to eat . She will drink , but we set down a food bowl and she will not touch it .
 We absolutely LOVE Merrick pet food . But the third party reseller is either criminal in their handling of the packages and so rough that the package opens in the corners OR they know the package is open and ship it anyway . I 'll give them the benefit of the doubt and go with the former . If you handle the bags from the corners/top , then the packaging will open on you . Guess they do n't know or have the muscles to pick the bag up by the middle . So from now on , no more ordering Merrick from Amazon .
 Cans were badly dented making opening them very difficult , labels were damaged or completely off of cans , and the product was too `` soupy '' . Koko refused to eat it . Not what was expected from a Newman product .
 Turtles need a MUCH stronger filter and this one is very cheap . Some of the plastic broke on mine right away . The book is more like a pamphlet you can get for free at most pet stores . Everything else is fine , but it is definitely not worth buying .
 Merrick dog food is yet another dog food that hides MSG -LRB- Monosodium Glutamate -RRB- under the words ` natural ' on the ingredients label . `` Natural Chicken Flavor '' contains MSG , but neither Merrick -- nor any other human or dog food company -- has to admit it has MSG because
 We absolutely LOVE Merrick pet food . But the third party reseller is either criminal in their handling of the packages and so rough that the package opens in the corners OR they know the package is open and ship it anyway . I 'll give them the benefit of the doubt and go with the former . If you handle the bags from the corners/top , then the packaging will open on you . Guess they do n't know or have the muscles to pick the bag up by the middle . So from now on , no more ordering Merrick from Amazon .
 I purchased this for my two parrots . After noticing they were not eating all of the treat - I tried some of the dried fruits and nuts . Everything I tried had a strong taste of soap . I understand now why the birds were not overly excited about their new treats . In checking the ingredients -LRB- looking for palmolive ... -RRB- I notice BHA preservative , a known carcinogen . I do not recommend this product .
 As other reviewers have said , the latches are complete junk , try to defy gravity , and do n't work . If you try to pick up the box by the handle the bottom will just fall off , no matter how securely you latch it , following their instructions.What 's the point of having a litter box with a lid if you ca n't carry the thing around latched ? JUNK . Tried to be innovative design but completely failed the usefulness test .
 I was looking for a large box that would hold a lot of kitty litter , and this one seemed to fit the bill . I was a bit skeptical about the new latches on the side , but went ahead and bought the box anyway . Big mistake . The new latches are difficult to use and are not up to the task of holding the box together when it 's full . The first time I tried to carry the full box with the handle on top , it spilled all over the floor : -LRB-
 I must have had a XXXXXL cat box before , because this is not very big as a `` Large '' . My cat can barely fit in it and I have to clean it out twice a day , because it is so small . I would NOT recommend this cat box , unless you have a kitten and will need to graduate up to a bigger box .
 I purchased this litter box for a larger cat and in terms of size -LRB- including the height of the cover and depth of the box itself -RRB- it fits the bill . But I thought the tab design would be an advantage over boxes with snap closures . I did n't want to have to deal with the snaps every day when I cleaned out the box . I was wrong . The lid does not easily fit onto the bottom and I can see that prolonged struggling to secure the lid will eventually result in breaking all the plastic tabs . I returned it and got a similarly sized box that has a hinged lid . No need to remove the top at all to clean out the box - just fold the lid up . To me that is definitely the way to go but if you like the design of this box find another model . Deal with the snap closures . At least they should n't break off like these tabs will .
 top part does not snap into place and if by some miracle you can get it to snap , it comes undone if you try to move it . waste of money . just because a it has to contain crap does n't mean it should be made like crap !
 I just spent half an hour wrestling with trying to snap on the top to this brand new litter box . Except for the fact that it is full of litter , I would have returned this box in a heart beat . Do not buy this box - there are plenty of litter boxes out there that do n't have this problem . Bad bad design .
 The plastic molding around the hinges/snaps -LRB- or whatever they 're called -RRB- is so poorly made that you ca n't lock the top to the bottom . If you lift the handle , the top comes off instead of picking up the whole litter box.It would be a nice litter box otherwise - but this is a pretty big flaw as it 's a hooded box and all .
 When the litter-box is full and carried by the handle , even when the top portion is locked correctly , there is a strong possibility that it will detach spilling the feline urine and fecal matter in your home .
 I really should have read the reviews for this before I bought it . It 's really really small . No way an adult cat would fit in this . I 'm sending mine back.It 's hard to give it a bad review because it 's essentially as described . But I find it difficult to understand how anyone could really find this useful . As stated in a previous review only a kitten would fit in this . Kittens grow up and get big enough to no longer fit into this . So if you 're thinking `` hey , this is small , my kitten would into it , '' think about what happens when your kitten grows up . You 'll need a new catbox .
 The litter pan itself is of decent quality but my cats are constantly knocking the top off . I gave up using the top and the plastic flap falls off easily . Not what I had in mind for a decent hooded litter pan .
 I have a few large-20lbs cats . They will not fit in one of these litter boxes . Unfortunately I ordered three of them .
 The jumbo Petmate hooded litterbox does NOT come with a door ! I found out that you must order one separately from the Petmate company . I think it was around $ 5.00 with shipping . Upon receiving the door , I find this flimsy piece of rubber which was approx . a half inch too small on each side . Completely worthless . I ended up buying a flexible sink liner and rigging a door which still does n't fit quite correctly but it 's better than the one they sent me . The design of the box in general is amazingly crappy too . The whole thing is a total piece of junk that I will be replacing again very soon . What a waste of money !
 We 've purchased two Petmate litterboxes -- one Jumbo -LRB- which was just too big and wasted litter -RRB- and the large size . Unfortunately , they both suffer from poor construction . The top part is really difficult to snap to the bottom part , simply put . This is something I do n't want to spend a lot of time wrestling with . And , because we often have to move the litter box to get to a closet , we need to lift it by the handle -- which does n't work when the top pops off the bottom . My husband actually broke the little plastic tabs off when trying to re-attach the top -- that was the last straw for us and Petmates ...
 This box is way to small , only good for a kitten . Also , as the other review states , the box is difficult to snap together . I can not be bothered to wast so much time trying to snap and unsnap this box to change litter . I would not recommend .
 I wish Amazon accepted a rating of zero stars , because this is the worst litter box I 've ever owned . How complicated can making a decent litter box be ? The fatal problem with the two Petmate large hooded litter pans that I own is that the top rim of the litter pans are not fully covered by the hood . Therefore , cat urine constantly makes it way into the seams between the hood and the pan , and the boxes reek to high heaven even with regular scooping . Do n't they test drive these things ?
 Do n't go for the description that this is a LARGE litter pan . My cats can barely turn around in it . The outside measurements are 18.6 '' X 14.7 '' X 9.8 '' . It is about an inch or more smaller than that inside . More like 16.5 X 12.5 X 6 '' -LRB- 6 '' being at the front -RRB- .
 The litter boxes are nice -LRB- I ordered 3 -RRB- , BUT they are much smaller than advertised . Before I placed the order , I measured the big boxes I had and the new ones should have been the same size , but they 're not . I 'm keeping them , but I wo n't buy litter boxes from the internet again .
 I guess I should have known with the price that this was not going to be a top line product . The top pulls off when you try to lift it up even when it is empty . VERY CHEAPLY MADE . I would not recomend this product
 Side latches are cheap garbage . They can NOT support a box filled past halfway . Lift by the top handle and they 'll dump the bottom and the litter all over the floor at the worst possible moment.As they wear out , they only get worse .
 I bought this for my boa and it ended up giving her scale rot thus leading to her death . I strongly recommend NOT buying this P.O.S substrate , and yeah it looks very good but a dead reptile does not . .
 My sister bought this product from a local pet store to line the bottom of my 9 year old nephew 's Gecko glass tank -LRB- which was recommended by the store staff -RRB- , and when the Gecko would eat his live crickets , some of this material would accidentally be ingested which caused fecal impaction and ultimately the Gecko 's death !! My sister brought him to the vet , but it was too late and the vet confirmed this when she opened him up !! Please consider other materials for use with your reptiles !!! And if I could -- I would not rate this product one star , but the system would not let me rate it with NO stars ...
 I did n't purchase this from Amazon , I got it from the place that pets go 'cause there 's one that 's next to my work . I soaked the first brick for over 2 hours with no change whatsoever . ` Nuff said . I returned it the next day -- and it still had n't changed from its original brick form ! So far , my favorite coconut fiber bedding product is the All Living Things -LRB- the home brand -RRB- from the other large pet chain -- it 's SMART to shop there ! ; Save your money -- and your time -- go with the cheaper stuff that actually does what it 's supposed to !
 This substrate is not ideal for snakes . I thought that because there is a picture of my snake on the front -LRB- a baby desert cali king -RRB- , that it will be safe . I was wrong , this type of substrate could easily be inhaled and cause a serious respiratory infection . -LRB- She got one later from the Reptibark I used and was seriously ill -RRB- .
 I originally reviewed this product with 5 stars as awesome -LRB- see original review below , but I had to change my review . I picked up my box turtle the other day to move him to clean the enclosure and noticed that he had some of the fibers from this product by his rear leg , no big deal-I 'll just pull it out ... WRONG ! Turned out to be a HUGE mass of fibers that were embedded and impacted between the inside of his rear leg and his shell , or actually the skin under his shell , actually into his shell cavity . There was so much that I had to call for help from my sister . The turtle was getting too stressed and I could n't move fast enough holing his leg and getting it out . Double teaming it we pulled out a significant mass of fibers from this coconut fiber substrate , I would guess it was a solid 2 inch mass in the side of his body , pushing so much that his front was swollen to compensate . I wo n't buy this product again , I am scared for my turtle 's life if I do . Instead I found mushroom compost , natural sphagnum moss , sphagnum peat moss and washed play sand . Mixed all of that together and topped it with some additional moss and hay and he is loving it and I am breathing a sigh of relief . I do n't wish this experience on anyone so I caution you against using this with animals that burrow and have a shell like turtles and tortoises.If this product was sifted and the large fibers removed from the powdery coconut then it would be safe , but with the fibers I do n't believe it is safe for turtles or tortoises.PREVIOUS REVIEWI have tried many substrates for my box turtle , and he was just `` good '' with them . I saw this in the store and bought one brick to try it . Followed the instructions , using hot water and it expanded beautifully , did n't have anything to drain either . Put it in my turtle 's cage and he went crazy ! He loved it and started digging right away , then ran back and forth and dug himself another hole , he was so cute . He liked it so much I bought a 3 pack and added more , it stays nice and clean , he adores it and moves it around to suit his needs , it is non-toxic and antimicrobial ... I wo n't do anything else . I also notices that he is more energetic and has a better appetite since I added this substrate . I have nothing bad to say about it . WARNING , do n't try to expand more than one brick at a time unless you have a big enough container , it does expand considerably and I found out the hard way that it can crack a cheap plastic bucket ... GREAT STUFF !
 It does n't seem to be stopping new red slime growth or killing any that exists . I have used the Ultralife Reef Red Slime Remover with success though . - However , the Ultralife Reef Red Slime Remover claims to be enough for 300 gallons but it 's only enough for 250 if you measure it according to their specifications.The underlying problem of red slime comes from too much food , silicates or other pollution . Keep this in mind when you are treating for Red slime . - eliminate it 's food source , then treat .
 Cheaply made , can by better at Walmart for 1/2 price . Shipping cost was way too high . Should have sent parcel post .
 This order is for 32 oz , but the product photo is a one-gallon version . I should have read more carefully , as I 'd have ordered a different product , and gotten more for my money .
 This product did not remove cat urine smell from my carpet . I followed instructions exactly . I can &#34; t afford wasting money , is there a guarantee for reimbursement ?
 The outside of the boxes were faded and had what looked like water marks on them . This made me question the quality of the product . The dust on the boxes made it look like they where sitting around for a long time . It looked like they got my order , went to the basement , reach all the way to the back of the shelf and pulled out these two boxes packed them and shipped them to me.And how long it took to get this package is an other subject .
 ... because this bone did not last . Within a few hours over two days , the bone was gone . Based on previous reviews by owners of aggressive chewers , I expected more than this . Sam is shelter dog , PBGV and beagle mix , and loves to chew . He 's active and well-entertained by activities other than just chew bones , but this rawhide did not last ; in fact , it was less durable than supermarket bones . Maybe Sam is special and needs to be a chew bone test dog ?
 Do n't know if I just got a bad batch or something , but the package I received had such a strong chemical smell , and my dog seemed to like them okay at first , but then was drinking water like crazy , and puked it back up a few hours later ...
 These sticks do n't smell like peanut butter at all , so my dog did n't like them ... though she goes absolutely gaga over real peanut butter . Also these sticks are much softer than the beef flavor , which my dog likes . After begrudgingly eating a couple of these , she barfed , and has not wanted them since . If you need to buy this , go for the beef flavor !!
 Very good value for the quantity , so I tried them . My chihuahua loves them , ... but as I watched , he goes through one in 2 minutes or LESS . Gone.And after reading the package , I see they are made in China ; I wish I had known that first , I would not have purchased.I found that chews , treats and other products by Zukes , Smokehouse and Beefeaters are made in the USA , are VERY reasonably priced - and the quality is much better . The Beefeaters chews take him days to get through , and they are 100 % digestible.So I 'm not without options for quality treats that last that are made in the USA .
 It came with a broken light . To good to be true . It was not true . Where is my money ? I will keep the trap and send you the fleas .
 First of all , way overpriced . Almost $ 2.50 each ?! Then there 's the problem with the glue . As one reviewer said , they are sometimes difficult tp peel off the cover . However , most of mine had much too little glue . I just use a standard glue board and cut them with a scissors to fit . Just dip the scissors in flour before cutting .
 never got this order said it was out of stock , y am i be ask this and being sent this e-mail ?
 This product did not catch one flea ! I would not recommend to anyone . I got better results with borax.Save your money . Buy capstar , frontline , and borax .
 I bought this trap in hopes to get rid of the fleas in my house . All the trap did was trap spiders , moths and flies . I placed the trap in every room , in every corner of my house and NO fleas showed on the sticky paper .
 This trap did not attract fleas like I had expected . The bulb burnt out in less than a week . I had this trap close to the dog beds . After 2 weeks it had only 2 fleas it . I have 5 dogs and 2 cats and they all have fleas , in spite of monthly applications of Advantage . I also ordered another brand when I bought this . It was placed on another floor , and caught about a dozen fleas in the same 2 week period . Simple pie pans with soap water and a desk lamp caught more during this same 2 week test . It is not as neat looking , but does a better job .
 My dog was having a serious flea problem and I figured it was the whole house since I could see the fleas jumping off my bed . Our house is very clean and I vacuum once a week so I was surprised to see so many fleas . I bought this trap with enthusiasm , as I really wanted to see it work . My husband laughed at me and rolled his eyes when he saw me setting it up . I put it next to the dog bed . Two weeks and not a single flea ! Everyday I would check it and my husband would just laugh at me . I think I was more upset that my husband was right about it being a waste of money than it not working . But , it did make a good night light . Other than that , it did n't work . Maybe I did n't have enough fleas . Bummed .
 This device might have some beneficial application for someone somewhere but not so much for me . It is a very cheap plastic bowl with a small night light bulb that screws into the top . Adhesive paper is placed inside . Fleas are attracted to the light and the warmth . The fleas hop into the bowl and get stuck on the sticky paper.I caught between 30 and 50 fleas before the bulb burned out -LRB- three days after purchase -RRB- in my unit . The same amount of money could have been better spent on some permethrin based insecticide.This is more of a gimmick or a toy . I knew that ahead of time but I like gadgets so I bought one . I am disappointed that the manufacturer did n't at least use a higher quality bulb in the flea trap.My advice is not to buy this device . Your money will be better spent on some quality insecticide .
 Attracted one flea due to the warmth of a small lightbulb . Then the bulb burned out.It 's in the trash .
 Waste of money . I did n't catch any fleas with this product and I wish I did n't waste my money on this .
 This product did not work . It did not seem as though the light provided enough heat to attract the fleas and I only saw one flea trapped inside . I would not recommend this product .
 Bought this because the meds my vet sells do not work . This product only attracted gnats and dust and broke in about a month .
 I understand that this is not an expensive product , but when you get it , you will see the design is so cheesy and the package and inside of it was very dusty . It attracted bunch of bugs , so I am not sure if that means I do n't have any fleas at my home or not .
 Give them your money ? It does the job of collecting fleas . However , not that the product is poor , but if you 've a flea problem you believe requires this gadget , I strongly recommend you consider getting rid of the fleas by flea-fogging the room or house and getting the fleas off your animal -LRB- s -RRB- . I used this product out of desparation , but the end result was following my recommendation . I 'm flea-free in my home , but not by using this product .
 This product is useless unless your trying to catch moths or nats in the middle of the night . Not a single flea . Looking for another product
 I purchased these refills at the same time that I purchased the flea trap . There are no fleas in this area who are willing to step on these sticky discs . As a result , the flea trap is of no use to me . These refills are of no use to me as well and that is why I can give only one star . They cost only $ 5.76 which is too small an amount to consider returning this item . I plan to offer the flea trap and the refills on the local freecycle website in case there is someone who has a flea problem and wants to try this option .
 I used the trap for two weeks and have n't caught a single flea . I know they are around - our poor dog keeps getting infested .
 It did n't work for me ... at all , and I have a serious flea problem . I tried it in several locations , and aside from initially catching about 20 flea 's that was it . For the next two days nothing else was caught , even though I could see the flea 's around .
 The idea seems logical and very attractive . But after 3 weeks it has trapped zero fleas . My cat has a flea allergy , so it does n't take but one flea to set off her allergy . At night this is the only light except a night light in the bathroom . I 'll try the suggestion to make the whole area dark except for the trap -- maybe that will work.I have tried vacuuming , and the solution of vacuuming daily for 7 days seems more effective , although admittedly more work.Best think I can say about the flea trap is it makes a very effective night light .
 Maybe I did n't have anything to catch , but ... now I know for the future I do n't need refills for the trap itself .
 did n't catch even one flea or any other bug for that matter , really really disappointed in this product , because the brand is one I recognize as good
 used this for a camp , seemed to not really attract any kind of bugs let alone fleas it was supposed to get , i think i would have been better off just spraying with something .
 I received the flea traps five and the waxed paper would not peal off so I could use them two per trap 12 total . You have to peel off top wax paper to reveal the sticky trap no luck.The extra packs I ordered were on back order and the paper pealed off them . The 12 free ones I had to toss . Hope they will replace bad ones . -LRB- Do n't think this will happen -RRB- . MoondogieDenver , CoAugust 24 , 2011
 The only way these sticky pads work is if a flea accidently jumps into the trap . I guess you could wrap them around your ankles and see if the fleas jump on them as you walk around . Im going to just put some soapy water in the bottom of the trap and it should work BETTER than the sticky pads . But the trap doesnt attract fleas anyways . Shame on you Victor company .
 Both my cat and dogs have fleas and scratching like crazy yet this product did not catch ONE flea !!! nothing but dust particles . Waste of $ $ !
 One of the worst investments I have ever made . No fleas caught , but there is a bright side -- it makes a great night light .
 I have been using the traps for few weeks now and tried all the rooms in the house . So far , it did n't even get 1 flea . Only collecting dust .
 We 've been buying these traps for about 3 years . The first year the traps were fully glued . This last year or so the traps have been missing 75 % of the stickiness and have only been catching bugs in the 25 % area . They need to start using glue again . We are looking for another maker and trap .
 I bought this because I did n't want to use chemicals . We have little kids and lots of fleas . This thing was on 24/7 for weeks in multiple locations that have fleas . Not a single flea was caught . Total waste . This is a safe flea trap all right -- safe for the fleas !
 You are better off buying dish soap a plate and putting it next to a lamp.If fact I did this and the dish soap caught more fleas then these things .
 I purchased this item in addition to the actual trap by reading the reviews posted here on Amazon . The users must have had a much larger flea infestation than I as it took over a week to get 20 fleas . I used the trap in the area that the dogs sleep with no other light than the one on the trap . I know the dogs had fleas as I could see them . Maybe the fleas were smarter than the trap .
 I bought 3 of the Flea Traps , and 3 packs of the refills . Total waste of money . Fleas are jumping on me but yet none in the traps . So if you want a product to get rid of Fleas do n't buy this one .
 I was hopeful that this flea trap would be just the thing - no toxic sprays - bug balms etc but plugged it in and nothing!Not one flea was caught - as a matter of fact - nothing was caught so I can assume either two things ... It does n't work or I do n't have any fleas and all the `` stuff '' I used to get rid of them -LRB- beforhand -RRB- killed them off .
 I have a cat and dog . I had a flea infestation so bad that I got bitten during my sleep all over - hands , feet , neck , body . I thought it was mosquitoes initially . I got this flea trap and placed it under my bed , and near the dog and did everything they said . My animals were itching a lot all the time as I had run out of flea meds and vet was out of supply temporarily.I DID NOT CATCH ONE SINGLE FLEA AT ANY TIME FOR 2 MONTHS OF USE IN VARIOUS ROOM , NEAR DOG , UNDER CABINET , UNDER BED - NADA , ZERO , NIZ , NYET , NON !!! This manufacturer needs to be reported to FTC for making false claims on products . Utterly useless , DO NOT BUY!Here is how to eliminate fleas : do it myself pestcontrol Online - Order Talstar Pesticide and Ultracide for spraying your mattress . Do not spray pet bedding - wash it instead . Smell is too strong for animals.Vacuum your house as if your life depended on it !! Vacuum floors , carpets , crevices , mattresses , under cabinets , etc. . Throw away vacuum bag at end of first vacuum , then weekly . spray Ultracide inside vacuum bag to kill fleas as they hatch and store vacuum outside your house.Spray house and yard with Talstar using a 2-3 gal pump sprayer like Chapin . Mix and spray . Kills all bugs outside too ! Do not spray flowers or edibles . Spray perimeter of house , driveway , cracks in concrete , ant hills , etc. . Avoid earthworms . Repeat in one week to kill hatchling fleas . Let dry before letting pets back in . Has no smell.Spray your mattress with Ultracide and under cabinets . This has a strong smell . Do not spray this near animals as they have sensitive noses ! Let dry and aerate house.Wash animals with Eqyss Microtek Shampoo and Eqyss Premiere Conditioner . Give dogs Comfortis orally once a month . Give cats Revolution applied to skin once a month.On Amazon , buy Nitenpyram -LRB- $ 1 per tab -RRB- from Little City Dogs , which is generic for Capstar -LRB- $ 6 per tab -RRB- . This works for 24 hrs only and kills fleas instantly . Give animals orally -LRB- 2 sizes -RRB- at the same time you are spraying house so all fleas die that day ! You can give them Nitenpyram same time as other flea meds , no problem . Give animals another dose next day then after one week , so you keep zapping new hatchlings.This should eliminate fleas for 6 months till the next spraying . I spray 2 times per year and keep my animals on monthly flea meds plus Nitenpyram as needed .
 Does n't work ! Waste of money ! It 's a lightbulb and flypaper . You 're better off with a room fogger and spray !
 This product does not work . I know that getting rid of fleas is frustrating . Do not get sucked into this product . Save your money and get an exterminator .
 It does n't seem to work so good ! I put it in the room with two of my dogs and had one flea on the trap . It stayed by the kennel for two days only a few bugs ... . i washed the dogs , they were covered in fleas . Ugh
 just as the title says . I 've done months and years worth of reserch , and about % 40 of the book is a complete lie , i would not recomend this to anybody who is a first time mouse owner . For example , he says that mice are able to eat things that are potentually fatal ; things like cheese , white millet , and other things . He Also does n't tell you every thing a first time owner would need to know . I looked on the back of te book and found a biography about him . It says that he is a cat surgon , so he would probably know more about cats than mice . This man is cearly a complete idiot who should cave a stake and fall back on it .
 I thought I would give this brand a try to see if they were really rolled rawhide . As soon as I saw the package I knew I had been duped ... two of them were two inches across with the ends folded over and the other two were an inch across . Out of the four pack two were rolled , solid , sheets of rawhide and the other two were rolls of rawhide with a ` filling ' of scraps with the ends folded over . These shards of scraps are very sharp ... like a large splinter of wood and would definitely cause problems if a dog swallowed them.As you can see in my photos ... the two on the left are the scrap filled and the two on the right are the solid sheets . The scrap filled one on the left , that was briefly chewed by my dog , is hollow where it was filled with scraps of sharp shards of rawhide ... that I threw away as my dog pulled them out.Unless I sit next to my border terrier every minute and grab the shards as she pulls them out she will try to swallow them . My lab WILL swallow them as soon as he thinks I 'm going to take the shard away . These rawhide rolls are dangerous ! They may be cheaper , but it 's not worth the worry ... vet bill ... or death of my dogs.Rawhide Brand ... why not just put what you advertise in the package and grind up the shards for the pressed rawhides ? You are committing false advertising , and needlessly endangering pets with this product.I am returning these and will go back to the high quality , although , expensive brands like Wholesome Hides .
 My cat loves this toy , however the wand has been breaking down and i have had it less than a month !
 Thanks a lot , Hartz - this product is awful ! I took it out of the box , unwrapped it -LRB- it was shrink wrapped in plastic -RRB- , and the legs promptly broke off one side . The bowls are quite small - even though I knew the dimensions of the bowls before ordering , I was surprised how tiny they looked in person . They 'd still work , but large cats may not be able to get at the bits left in the bottom of the bowl . In any case , it 's irrelevant , since I threw away the metal frame and am using the bowls as craft bowls or around-the-house-work-bowls . The entire product is horribly made . I 've had my current steel bowl dishes in a metal frame for 9 years and they 're still going strong - it 's unfortunate that I ca n't find another set for the downstairs area . My cats will continue to eat from ceramic dishes !
 My neighbor 's cat was using a newly planted garden as a cat box . I tried `` Keep Off ! '' per its instructions . It did not deter cat behavior one iota . Do not waste your money on this product if your goal is to stop cats from using your garden as a cat box . Simply put , it does n't work .
 40W GAMMA T5 ULTRAVIOLET STERILIZER I ca n't comment on performance because I ca n't my hands on a actual working one . I ordered one online and the product is discontinued and Current 's customer support is worthless . No phone number , they do n't provide tracking numbers to replacement parts and it 's been over a month since i ordered this product and still do n't have a working UV Sterilizer .
 The book looks ok , although I have n't really gotten a chance to use the techniques . However , the clicker that came with my kit does n't make any sound whatsoever . Apparently other people did n't get broken ones , but I did . It 's not worth shipping back , so I 'm just going to buy a new clicker that actually works.Meanwhile , my cats hate the shriveled up little treats that came in the kit . They sniff them , lick them , and then ultimately leave them partially re-hydrated on my floor . So I 'm going to have to figure out something else to use for treats . Really wish I 'd just gotten the book and skipped the kit .
 I HATE HATE HATE Bitter Yuck . I sprayed it all over my artificial Christmas tree to keep my cat from chewing it . He STILL chews it , and we all taste bitter yuckiness the entire season the tree is up . You do n't even have to touch the tree . The junk must float through the air . My favorite Christmas tree is ruined . We even washed the tree with soap and water , rinsed and let it dry . No luck . Use this product if you like to taste bitter in your mouth for days and days , regardless of how much you wash your hands , brush your teeth . I ca n't find a way to get Bitter Yuck off my tree . Not worth it . Besides , it did n't even work . If I could rate this zero I would .
 I researched several collapsible water bowls before deciding on this one . I chose it because it appeared durable and I loved the fact that I could snap it together , attaching it to a leash or a pack when hiking with my dog . After only a week or two of use the vinyl started to get white lines where the bowl folds , as though it were going to crack in places . Then today , the snap fell off , making the bowl basically useless , as the snap was the primary reason I purchased the bowl . I would n't recommend this product , there are less expensive models out there that are far more durable .
 The bowl itself is convenient to have as well as easy to set up and clean later . My only complaint is that the bowl is supposed to snap closed and one of the snaps broke off after 1 or 2 uses . I tried to super glue it back to the side of the bowl , but it would n't stay . Still works as a bowl , but I have to carry it .
 1st the item came dirty , so I was able to clean it off . No biggie.It 's not as strong as it looks & for what reason it must have some smell or odder in it that I ca n't get rid off . My got hates drinking out of it & will wait until we get home from a 3-4 hr hike . Nor good 4 home @ all .
 I wanted to use this as a hide in our outdoor run for small tortoises . The first one shattered when we picked it up after just a week . I assumed it was just a manufacturing defect . Amazon quickly replaced it . We 've had the second one for about a month and now I 'm seeing substantial cracks in it too so it 's only a matter of time . It is n't like it 's had to stand up to severe elements in 65-80 degree San Diego weather w / no rain and occasionally watering with a garden hose . I would n't recommend this product .
 Recieved very quickly and as described but has already fallen apart . Top part of hut caved in . Thought it was a great price but not worth it cause it did n't last .
 I bought this in a store , did not realize I could have gotten it online -LRB- for cheaper -RRB- but after less than a month in my turtle tanks -LRB- I bought 2 as I have 2 tanks -RRB- it started falling apart ! I am so frustrated because I made sure the words can be SUBMERGED were on the product , and it was so I invested in it . BIG mistake !! It may be fine for on land but DON `` T buy this product if you plan to submerge it !!
 I got this turtle hut , lightly cleaned it out and within two days I had mites all over . It took about 2 full days to clean and bleach everything out to get rid of them , would not recommend ordering from this company .
 I bought the Chuckit Mega Ball Launcher package which includes the launcher -LRB- 3-in . cup -RRB- and a fuzzy tennis ball -LRB- diameter = 3 in . -RRB- . I did not notice the cup and ball size being 3 in . . Also , I bought from the `` Customers Who Bought Item Also Bought '' list the Chuckit ! Ultra Ball , 2 Balls per Pack -LRB- not noticing that these balls have diameter = 2.5 in . -RRB- . I assumed that everything was size compatible . Not so . The cup size of the launcher is bigger than the Ultra Ball 's diameter.It would be a big help in selecting compatible products if the TITLES of the various ball launchers and replacement balls included their sizes.The Chuckit Mega Ball Launcher does not meet my 80-lb . Yellow Lab 's needs because : a -RRB- It comes with a fuzzy tennis ball , which she rejects ; b -RRB- there are no 3-in diameter Ultra Balls -LRB- solid rubber -RRB- . Here is the combination that meets my dog 's needs : a -RRB- Chuckit Ball Launcher . It has 2.5-in . cup and is sold with a fuzzy tennis ball . -LRB- I discarded the useless fuzzy tennis ball . -RRB- I maintain a stock of launchers of maximum 4 , and when the number fails to 2 , I immediately buy more . Children and my dog destroy them -LRB- hence my interest in a more strudy launcher -RRB- . b -RRB- Chuckit ! Ultra Ball . Ball diameter = 2.5 in. ; sold in packages of 2 balls . I maintain a stock of maximum 8 , and when the number falls to 4 , I immediately buy more . -LRB- My Lab lost 3 in one day ! She makes life miserable for me when we run out . -RRB- I gave my Chuckit ! Mega Ball Launcher with tennis ball to some children for playing in the sand on the beach . They are not as picky as my dog.If a 3-in . Ultra Ball becomes available , I think that the Mega Ball Launcher with that Ultra Ball could be a 5-Star product for BIG dogs .
 did n't last 10 minutes so if you are okay with throw away purchasers this is the product for you to buy
 I am disappointed with this product . I was expecting the rubber ball that is easy to wash off as is advertised in this description , but got the regular orange tennis ball.It 's not worth it to return it , but the product I received is worth less than what they charge . Buyer beware .
 I bought this for my new dog who is crazy for fetching . The ball came apartthe first day !!! . It is n't really a ball at all but two halves held togetherby the fuzz on the outside . This piece of junk does n't deserve one star butthe basic concept of not having to pick it up with your hands is great .
 this product was way too short to do anything . I can throw and item further than this will and I still have to bend over to pick up the ball and force it into the holder
 Threw the ball dog chased , repeated 10 times , dog seems to enjoy this and then I went to get the mail came back ball in pieces ... Chuckit ! Pocket Ball Launcher -LRB- Colors Vary -RRB-
 I had a cheaper version than this one and would like another cheaper version ! This one is shaped oddly so when you throw it it goes straight for the ground instead of up and far away ! I wo n't buy another one , for sure . Believe me ... I live on a pond with a black lab , I know how to throw !
 The original bulb lasted a few years . I have n't had the replacement bulb more than a month and it stopped working , stay away from this product .
 This bulb arrived without any of the manufacturer 's packaging , and it died after about two weeks ... Definitely not worth it .
 I ordered this product expecting to receive something in the original packaging . Instead , I did not receive what I ordered but instead received two bulbs in a small plastic envelop .
 This is a 5 watt bulb , it should last a long time . The original bulb lasted at least 5 years maybe more . For whatever reason these bulbs last about 2 weeks -LRB- if that -RRB- . Too add insult to injury ; they even cost about 2/3rds more than a competitive vendor -LRB- whom I just switched too -RRB- . I guess in this case you do n't get what you pay for.BTW ... It 's been a couple of months with the new -LRB- vendor -RRB- bulb and it is still going ...
 All of the other bulbs we 've purchased from other places lasted several months , even with extensive usage . This one burned out within a week .
 I replaced the `` real '' 5 watts bulbs after nearly two years with this apparent knock off . I bought two . Within a week in a half the first bulb just blew when I turned on the aquarium light . I replaced it with the spare and two weeks later `` pow '' same crap . Spare yourself some trouble and money and do not but this light .
 This bulb did not come in origal packaging and burned out within 2 weeks . will not buy this product from Amazon again
 ... in general cats hate wearing clothes . They find it humiliating and uncomfortable . I 've had a cat in the house since I was 17 and none of them would have anything to do with clothing . Not even something practical like a sweater in very cold weather . This has been true for both my purebred Birman and my various shorthair mixed breeds.Dogs on the other hand , in general , love to wear scarves , shirts , sweaters , etc. . If it pleases you they 're up for it . The two German Shepherds I 've had have loved wearing both sweaters and scarves.Unless you really know your cat will enjoy this , do n't do this to him/her .
 I ordered this hut for my ybs , and res to have a little hideaway place . I received it from amazon nice , fresh , and securely packaged . Soon after I added it to my aquarium after a quick rinse off . My two baby sliders loved it the instant they layed their eyes on it . They played around it all the time , and they even climbed it a few times to bask on it . I did n't get it for them to bask on , but they seemed to love it so much that they did . Everyday for about a week I noticed the color coming of the log . I thought it was being scratched off by the turtles at first , but that was n't the case . It was actually coming off day by day . It did n't bug me much at first , but as time went on it visually progressed . I at first did n't mind that the color was coming off , but the fact that the turtle absolutely loved it.About a week later I decided to do my weekly tank cleaning . I picked up a few items cleaned them , and then it was time for me to pick up the hut . I picked up , and then my thumb went right through the wood like a potato chip . There was a small crack in it . I was shocked because I thoght this product was made of would not cheap potato crisp . It 's enough that the bark is painted on it , but now it was a potato chip covered with paint . It felt like it was someones art project that I just broke . The material was n't wood it was so weak , and cheap feeling . When I first Got it , it felt very durable and tough.So my question was what happened for it to turn like this . It was submerged underwater , and was advertised to be used underwater or above . Regardless of what happened I am never buying this hut ever again . It was a true waste of cash.I managed to squeeze the whole hut to scraps with my thumb which is very disappointing -LRB- wish I took a picture of it before I trashed it , but oh well ... -RRB- . I gave it two stars because my turtles were really happy with this , but they 've been different ever since it broke . In a way I am happy I got to it first before they did because they would 've probably have started to eat the scraps once it started to come off sooner or later which would 've been very bad . Guess I 'll go look for something else to substitute this loss . Since my turtles seem to be so sad now . Wish I could get a refund , but lesson learned .
 I got this for my large dog for a Christmas present . He loved this toy , but he destroyed it in 3 days .
 I have an 8 lb . Toy Fox Terrier that put a large hole in this in a short time . It was soft , as advertised , but was not durable .
 This fleece toy had a whole in it within two minutes of my lhasopoo chewing it . It was not sewn together well and the stuffing was pulled out by my dog within minutes . I had to throw it away . Very bad quality . Also , the picture is deceiving . This is for one small fleece dog toy ... not three as is shown in the picture .
 I bought 2 of the these -LRB- one for each turtle -RRB- , within a month they both totally disingrated . The company replaced them free of charge but now , less than a year later , the replacements have totally disingrated again . Which is a shame because both of my turtles love them and very few things exist on the market for mature turtles -LRB- they are both over 14 years of age and much bigger than a majority of the turtle supplies on the market for sale - most stuff you find in pet stores are for little , immature turtles -RRB- . Do not buy unless you want to fork over money more than once a year to keep these in usable shape for your reptiles
 We got this for Christmas for our 15 lb . Westie . He loves to fetch . But , he also loves to chew . He chewed through the edges the first time he played with it . It is fun if you just throw it and let them retreive it , but if a dog keeps it for any amount of time it will be chewed up into pieces .
 Just bought one last week at a big outdoors store . Seemed like fun and hey it came in camo with orange . My dog loved it - started chewing on the squirrel and that was all she wrote . Torn up in no time . One star might be a little low , but what can I say . Spent $ 13 and in less than a week , it 's torn up . Great idea . Lousy durability . If your dog is a ` chewer ' spend your money elsewhere !
 I purchased this thinking it would be a lot of fun for my baby -LRB- Dog -RRB- Flying squirrel started to rip very quickly after a few days . The corners was felling off . It was just a hot broken toy . = -LRB-
 We played fetch with this twice and it was pulled apart . Not sturdy enough for the bulldogs to play with ...
 I simply do not understand how those who posted their reviews can give this product five stars . A warning to dog lovers - this is the absolute worst flying toy I 've ever bought for my dog ! Let me repeat that again
 My dog loved this toy ... but she chewed it apart within two hours . There was no fixing it . The fabric , the plastic points , the frame -- all of it was chewed to pieces . -LRB- And my dog -- a three-year-old blue heeler -- is not an aggressive chewer . -RRB- If your dog likes to chew rawhides or plush toys , it could destroy this toy in no time flat .
 Great fun for active dogs , this toy sails through the air for the dog to chase . Or just toss it high for him to catch . My Australian Shepherd loves it . Good product for recreation with your doggie on land or at the beach .
 I own every ball that Chuckit makes , and love them all - no complaints , always very durable and long lasting . Not the case with this item as it lasted all of 5 minutes with my medium sized -LRB- 65lb -RRB- Golden Retriever . He chewed two of the corners off immediately , which of course rendered it useless for flight . I would stay away from this item if your dog is known to destroy toys quickly .
 They are the only flying toys my border collies will catch . In 2 years I have purchased over 100We play about 2 to 3 hrs a dayI would pay a little more if they improved their construction.the stitching on the plastic feet blow apart with about 5 hrs of play due flimsy thread and light gauge nylon on the bottom .
 My dog chewed this to pieces within the first day . Might be great for throwing and retrieving , but do n't let your chewer near it ... it has plastic tubing that she chewed into little pieces of choking hazards within the first hour
 The item was listed as size medium and was bigger than the one I had previously . The quality of the product is fine , but the sizes are hard too determine .
 I have bought other ` Chuckit ' products for my dog , such as the rubber balls and the ball launchers ... . great products . This ` squirrel ' product does NOT match up to the durability of these other Chuckit products . We have a 75lb lab who is a ` medium ' chewer , and she was able to chew the plastic ends of the corners in a matter of seconds . This left small plastic pieces that could have easily choked our pet . Also , this product is good for fetch indoors , but does not cover enough space when thrown to be effective outdoors . If you have a dog who does NOT chew and likes fetch indoors , this product might be okay ,
 This thing is a blast and my German Shepherd really loves how it flies . It almost hovers sometimes ... she could catch it 9/10 throws . Lots of fun.But ... it falls apart . I did n't ever let Juno chew this thing , it was a fetch-only toy . She is an aggressive frisbee catcher , I guess , often snapping them out of the air or pouncing on it as it tumbles through its landing . Anyhow , it 's weak around the ` feet ' and that is where the first tear happened . From there , a similar tear afflicted the other 3 feet and eventually the feet were nearly coming off , exposing the tubes inside . Eventually one section of tube worked itself out of the fabric . It still flies as of today , but it 's about 8 or 9 days old . Not exactly an economical choice . I 'd recommend this if your dog does n't actually catch the frisbee ... or is extremely gentle with it when it does . Great idea , just not durable enough .
 This would very easily be a five star review and hopeuflly someone at Canine Hardware will read the synonymous bad press and do something about it because as of right now , I ca n't buy these anymore.Let me start by saying this is a well thought out product . It 's ` floppy ' design throws really well and is very easy on dog 's gums . For both my dogs this is their absolute favorite toy . HANDS DOWN.Now for the badThis thing is produced very poorly which is very confusing to me as their rubber balls are designed and produced very well . Maybe I could give this a better review if the price was n't so high , but since it is -- and I do n't have a problem with this as long as the product backs it up , I expect something more durable . Initially I would let my dog play with this thing as she wanted while we played outside , but after she chewed through the first 5 of these -LRB- literally , 70 + dollars spent in the first year on this one product -RRB- I no longer let her chew on these at all . Not that I let her chew on this around the house , her only contact with the chuckit was out playing , and yet she destroyed them . The problem is always around the feet of the frisbee , a tear happens , and then soon after that the rubber tube is ruined , thus ` throwing ' off how the frisbee handles mid-air . So , I recommend this product unconditionally if your dog is super gentle on toys . But for dogs who display normal chewing patterns on toys , do yourself a favor and holdout until the package one day -LRB- and I really hope this happens -RRB- reads ` new and reinforced design ' !
 I bought this some months back . I have yet to get this thing to fly very well . Maybe I 'm not throwing it right , but it seems to just go up and then plummet back to earth . My dog likes the toy and plays with it , but my friend 's dog who likes to catch frisbees in mid-air , is frustrated because it does n't stay aloft long enough for him to catch it before it hits the ground .
 This is the second dog tie out cable I have purchased in 2 months . My dog is 13.5 lbs ; he chased after another dog and the cable broke at the end where it attaches to the dog . The cable pulled out of it 's anchor . It is obviously a poor quality item when it is made for a dog up to 50 lbs , and my 13.5 lb dog broke it after just 6 weeks !!
 My elderly cat loved these , so I gave him all he wanted . They blocked his intestine and caused his peritoneum to rupture . His intestines were floating all through his body cavity ; I saw it on an x-ray at the vets . After watching him agonize in pain , I had him put down . It broke my heart .
 Kitties love these , but found them much cheaper at the pet store . The product is great for cats , and their teeth , just the price online was more than getting them at the store .
 This is n't the only vendor who does this , and is only singled out because I thought this was a great deal ! 19-cents ? Terrific ... I 'll get a dozen ! That is , until I went to checkout to find that the $ 4.95 shipping -LRB- which is far too much for one package -RRB- is PER ITEM ... as if these are all being shipped separately . So , in reality , you 're paying $ 5.14 PER PACKAGE ... almost twice what I pay in local stores ! Pretty sad .
 I loved my treat bag first . Seemed good quality and material , it worked well and was convenient to carry treats and train dog . However , when I washed it the first time , the material around the seam came appart . When I washed it the second time , it totally fell appart at the seam and I ca n't use it anymore . Disappointed .
 Did n't work very well for me because the plastic clip is n't very strong , and would fall off . Would probably work better on one 's jeans , but it gets cold here , and I had hooked it on my jacket pocket .
 There 's something wonky with the product description . It 's a single bone , not `` 3 slices per bag . '' And apparently there 's no uniformity with this product . Another reviewer said their bone was small , 4 inches . The bone I got was HUGE , way too big for my dog . I gave it to my friend 's mastiff who enjoyed it but that 's how big this bone was . If you 're a fan of roulette , proceed .
 Bubba loved the bone , but was a little dissapointed in the size of the bone . They must have killed some baby pigs to get femurs this small ! Bone was about 4 inches long , and not very thick .
 I gave one of these to my dog and he is now undergoing major surgery to have many sharp fragments removed from his stomach and intestines , after which he could still die . There have been a number of severe illnesses and deaths from blockages and/or intestinal punctures with this type of cooked bone . Just go with Nylabone or Kong with peanut butter .
 This bone was dry and crusted and SO small ! It was purchased for a 50lb dog and is more suited in size for a 5 lb dog ! WILL NOT buy again !
 My boxer enjoyed the treat , though after eating it she drank a bowl full of water . Maybe it had a lot of sodium . The real surprise came the next day though when she suffered a loss of bowel control ; she 's never went # 2 in the house since we got her over a year ago . Afterwards , we took her on a hike and she could n't seem to stop `` going '' , had 7 bowel movements on a 2 mile hike ; and they were very watery . She 's still not acting back to her normal self . I guess it makes sense ; I would n't trust a butcher from a group of people whom I know to be cannibals , why should I trust dog treats made in countries that eat dogs ?
 I bought this -LSB- new -RSB- from a different website and installed it per the instructions . It is intended to keep a birdbath full , and it seemed to work right away , but the next morning the float was under water , and the birdbath was overflowing . The problem turned out to be a bad seam -LSB- the float is made in parts and glued together -RSB- , and it filled with water . I contacted the distributor , and they sent me a replacement which worked ok . For over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- incl . shipping -RSB- though , this is not a good value , even though customer service was good . There are others out there that are less expensive and just as good if not better .
 I purchased 3 packages of this product and our two little pigs sniffed it and then never touched it again ! I would not recommend this product .
 I am not happy that this was completely broken in the package when I opened the box . It was all in crumbs . I should not even be charged for this .
 To whomever might be considering purchasing this gate , beware it has several fairly significant design flaws.We originally purchased this gate because it was one of the few that had approved extensions that could span the top of our staircase.However , after taking the time to unpack and install it , it has several serious flaws .1 -RRB- The device assumes you have no moulding at the baseboards -LRB- except potentially 1/4 '' shoe moulding . To be stable , it requires the use of a plastic ` foot ' stablizer , that helps anchor the hinge side of the gate . If you have moulding , you 'd either have to screw the mounts directly through the moulding -LRB- which ruins the moulding -RRB- , or attempt to level the gate above the moulding . Unfortunately , this results in the gate not being able to use the stablizer foot , and results in a gate that sways excessively -LRB- again , I needed something with multiple extensions -RRB- .2 -RRB- The opening for the gate is very , very small .3 -RRB- 1 side of the gate -LRB- the side that swings -RRB- mounts directly to the wall . This is a problem if you 're even a fraction of an inch off with the included paper templates to guide where to mount the brackets.I do n't know how the merchant is going to be when I attempt to return this useless gate ... so my comments -LRB- for
 We did not have a chance to actually use this product . The box was a mess ; it was very badly torn . We were missing about half of the pieces . We were missing the instructions ... It looks like another customer experienced the same problems . I would not recommend this product .
 This item came to my door in a tattered mess . The box was torn and then re-taped and when I opened the box the item was completely damaged . I do n't assume that it 's Baby Age 's fault in the shipping matter , but upon return of the item , I was not issued a full refund . Instead , I 've been issued a store credit . I am not very pleased with this experience at all .
 We bought this to keep our dog in the kitchen and our son out - it was terribly difficult to install , even for my husband , who is very handy - the attachment holes on the extensions do not line up and the directions are not really directions , but just a few confusing diagrams . When it 's installed across a wide opening -LRB- such as the opening between our family room and kitchen -RRB- , it 's very wobbly and flimsy . Also , the latch on the gate section is awkward and a child -LRB- or even a smart dog -RRB- could easily figure out how to bypass this gate . Only good thing about it is that it looks nice , but other than that , definitely would not recommend buying it .
 My Yellow Lab Jake is now 31/2 yo and a 110 pounder . And from puppyhood to present I have purchased the appropriate-sized Tuff Balls for him to play with and abuse . Indeed a few years ago these products , both the giant size and the normal size tennis balls were MUCH more durable than any regular tennis ball . The most impressive part of the product was the adhesive or glue they used to seal the two halves together . Big dogs love to chew and bite anything squishy and these held up well without separation for a long time each.But I have to say I wo n't be purchasing any more of this product . The last two bags of normal size and my last Giant size Tuff ball all exhibited the same flaw . After very little play -LRB- balls still looks new on cover material -RRB- I noticed that every one of them had separated the two halves under the fuzz cover . Two separate pair of normal size balls purchased at different times and a new Giant purchased months apart from the others . Apparently the adhesive or vulcanization process sealing the balls has changed where these no longer remain sealed after minimal play inside the house by Jake . It was a good idea and good concept for the early years of this product , too bad QC at their manufacturing end has dropped the ball -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- and has created an inferior product compared to a normal tennis ball now . I hope they read this and correct the problem . These were purchased in 07 and early 08 .
 I bought this ball for my dog because of some reviews I saw calling this brand of ball ` almost indestructible . ' Unfortunately , it did n't live up to those reviews . Within 2 minutes my dog had split the two halves and within 3 he had a good sized hole in the felt covering . My dog is a power chewer and maybe this would be good for a dog that does n't chew as much - but if you have a power chewer on your hands do n't bother with this ball . The few minutes of fun was n't worth the money .
 I bought two of these for my granddog because it said they were so `` indestructable . Well They were not ! She did n't play with it for more than four hours when she broke it open . When you have a pitbull and she 's tough on toys , you try spend extra for a quality product . This is NOT !
 Well I just feel like I have to write a review since it 's actually written on the thing &#34; Industrial strength dog toys &#34; . It did seem nice and tough when I first got it but after a few days it was split in 2 then the rubbed and outer cover ripped to shreds ...
 I have a 90 pound dobie . He loves playing catch and then keeping the ball so that he can chew on it later . Only problem with that is he makes very short order of them . Within 1 hour of chewing , the ball usually gives up , resulting in two halves held together by a thread and my doberman looking for the next one . I figured he would love this ball . He totally did ! Why wouldnt he love a ball that is twice the size of a normal tennis ball , is designed specifically for chewing , does not get confiscated by it 's owner , and lasts about 15 minutes before it 's demolished?While my dobie is psyched about this , i am not . I payed 6 bucks for a ball that my dog demolished in a quarter of the time it usually takes to destroy a wilson brand ball . Dont waste your time/money on this peice of garbage .
 I purchased this item for my German Shepherd Dog . The ball lasted less than 1 day , it 's already broken in half and is in the trash . I would not recommend this ball , it does n't stand up .
 We bought this ball figuring that it would be a perfect tennis ball for our male Lab and our Saint Bernard . As soon as the package arrived , my husband gave it to the boys to play with . Of course they instantly loved it , but I noticed tonight when I returned home from work that this ball did exactly what all the other reviews that gave a low score said it would do - under the felt the two halves of the ball have already separated . We have n't even had this for an entire 24 hour period . I specifically bought this ball because it was supposed to offer `` industrial strength '' , but if this is their idea of industrial strength , then it sure does n't match my own . Needless to say , I wo n't be wasting my money on another of these . If you want a great ball that your dog will love that holds up to a Lab with OCD and a behemoth Saint Bernard , then spend a few bucks more and order the Holee Roller . Much , MUCH better product.Unfortunately this thing is about as tough as the cheap tennis balls you see in the pet aisle at Walmart , and those actually last a couple days longer !
 This ball did n't even make it an hour . First the halves split and then the ball ripped apart . Seems to me they must be using some type of water soluble glue . It got wet and practically fell apart .
 We have two German shepherds . Holly is always good to her toys , Kira on the other hand . . always ruins everything we give her . This only lasted about two days before she split it in half . It also seemed a little too big for their mouths . They had a hard time adjusting to it . I 've since ordered kong balls , the normal kong we got a few years ago is still in good shape . I 'm sure a kong ball will be a lot better then this.So : If your dog normally does n't ruin balls , this will work.If your dog ruins everything , get the kong ball instead !
 This company does not seem reliable I have not received the item that I ordered , when inquiring no e-mail response , not shipping information to track . I will not order from the vendor anytime soon .
 I received a very crushed box via ups . After opening , surprised piece was altogehter , however the colors were way off compared to what we thought we were buying . We bought specifically for the yellow part of the piece . We wanted yellow in our decor -LRB- esp . bright -RRB- . It is however a very ugly grey blue . We were hoping this piece would pop ... colors are NOT bright !!
 The exotic caribbean reef is small as hell and so not worth my money . not like the picture either colors are off .
 I buy this and when it came its so small I just throw it in the trash . . I spent 10 $ on this item and I was so sorry . . It 's you gon na spend that much might as well go to the pet store . .
 I hesitated but decided that I have to report my sister and I 's experiences with this ornament even though it is not definitive.About a year ago , my sister got a Siamese Fighting Fish . She had it for a month or so and then came over to visit me from out of town a few days after I had purchased and put this cave decoration into one of my fish tanks.She admired the ornament so much that when she went home I ordered another one on Amazon and had it sent to her . She noticed that her betta was in bad shape after a few days with this cave in his tank . He was listless , huddled in the back corner , and refusing to eat . Even though she removed the ornament and changed the water , he died a few days later.While I was not yet experiencing any problems with my fish tank , I instantly removed my cave . However , I ca n't say for certain whether this ornament was toxic to her fish . It could also have been a number of factors -- her fish was already sick , the ornament interacted badly with her local water , or she was unintentionally engaging in some sloppy fish keeping . Even though I do n't know , I decided I must tell / warn other fish keepers ! If you love your fish , I would consider buying another ornament as there are other useful and decorative caves . I even have one by this same company that is smaller and have never experienced any problems with it .
 IExotic Environments Caribbean Living Reef Aquarium Ornament , Mini , 4-Inch by 3-1/2 - Inch by 3-1/2 - Inchreceived the package wrapped in white starofoam . The product was not wrapped good as the box was very very weak in structure . I have decided never to buy from Amazon again . very dissatisfied with my purchase . Maybe it was because it was a gift for me on Fathers Day from my son . Product was broken in 3 pieces .
 We 've had the rabbit less than 3 weeks and it is already coming apart at the seams . My beagle puppy -LRB- 5 months -RRB- is very happy with it , but my wife has already had to repair the seams around the ears . While it is soft and the dog loves it , I would not recommend it to anyone .
 This house is best suited to urban and suburban yards that do n't have a bluebird within miles , but want a birdhouse for decoration . I 'd wager these houses have raised more house sparrows than bluebirds by a huge factor . I 'd recommend a front-opening box like the Audubon box if you really want to raise bluebirds . Better yet , consult with an experienced bluebirder in your area .
 Received broken . A nail in the roof splintered a piece off . I glued it with rubber cement instead of dealing with the hassle of a return . It worked
 Help Received the pump , opened , and put together . Notice it was missing a Washer ? Put the pump in the water it doesnt seem to be working properly . Is it because of the washer ? or is it just a low volume pump ?
 The product I got was not what was pictured , and when I double checked the description , I realized that that was confusing as well.What I got was rolls of rawhide in a simple , straight stick shape . It also was not `` compressed '' like the type of bones pictured are . I wanted my dog to not be able to tear off pieces like is so easy to do with the loosely rolled knot bones . When she chewed down on this for a while and got to the inner layers , the inner layers just fell apart , leaving us with lots of small strips of rawhide , which I was afraid could easily be choked on.Bottom line
 This feeder had no instructions . I thought the lid was locked tight , but a squirrel or large bird was able to tip it and empty the seed . It 's very cute , but if you have a lot of birds you have a large traffic jam . I had a downy woodpecker fly into our window in the melee of birds trying to get to the feeder .
 Alas skip this ... skirells have np problems eating all your seeds with this feeder , Soooooooo disappointing and waste of money . Buy something else
 My cat had a bladder infection and certain areas of the carpet had been soaked with cat urine before be discovered her infection . I read the reviews of many products and decided to try two based on the reviews . Unfortunately , ended up purchasing at least two bottles of the STINK FREE Urine Odor Remover for Cat Urine . I followed the directions and ended up using two full bottles on two areas of the carpet . It did not work as I had hoped . It did take some of the odor out , but not all . The product may be good for smaller areas that are not completely soaked . I am not certain , because this is not how I used it . This is why I gave it two stars over one star . As I stated it did take away some of the odor but did not remove all and did not remove any of the stain . Buy at your own risk . I hope this is helpful .
 the driftwood I received was nothing like in the picture , its pretty much flat . but it still works . nice color .
 I bought this because I wanted my chinchilla to have calcium . It is basically made of cereal which is bad for chinchillas . He does n't like it much and the directions are wrong . It says to keep a stick inside the cage at all times which they will eat it and get fat because of the sugary cereal . I highly highly highly recommend you buy a ten dollar `` Chinchilla feisty fusion '' from Forever Feisty chinchilla rescue instead . He LOVES the herbs so much and theyre very healthy for him . These calcium sticks are crap processed treats . It 's not even resealable and who knows what they used to make it long lasting .
 received 2 of them today , one of them is full of holes made by white ants ! the second is ok , its not single piece , but small pieces attached togeather by silicon . . does not sink , poor quality , I highly recommend the swahala sinking driftwood . .
 This feeder looks innovative with very flexible functions . But it FAILS due to FLIMSY PLASTIC PARTS and a LOOSE LEAKY LID . You get the first warning when you put it together . The tubes are light plastic that are not rigid and they come loose from the plastic tabs on the feeder bottom and top that are supposed to hold them . The lid does NOT click into the top . It flies off with any breeze at all . The biggest problem is that instead of overlapping the hole in the top , the lid sits down inside it . So it leaks in the rain and there 's no place for the rain to go but down into the tubes . The seed becomes a total wet mess and the feeder is impossible to clean . I even tried duct tape to solve the problems with the lid but NO GOOD . The thing is such a mess we are just THROWING OURS AWAY . Look elsewhere .
 So I read the reviews , and bought this feeder ... I 've had it 3 months and it is now screwed together to keep from falling apart , Duct Tape is covering openings where the parts have been lost , other openings are failing due to squirrels/birds and when completely failed , they to will be covered with Duct Tape . A really bad product . Do not waste your money on this one .
 With the increasing number of dogs ill with kidney and liver disease related to treats made in China , my vet has taken our SCWT off all treats made in China . Since then his liver and kidney enzymes have returned to normal . We are sticking to made in the USA natural and organic treats .
 These things are as soft as an old dried up tiny tootsie roll from last Halloween . I do not recommend this product .
 I thought this was great ... I would not get my hands all drooly when I threw my dog the ball ... well ... good idea . . but , , this toy is not made swell ... In one day . . it fell apart .
 Two dogs threw up the first night I fed . None of them liked it . I had to doctor up just to get them to eat it . One of my girls got the shakes and tremors like she 'd been poisoned . Scared me to death ! Thank goodness I only got one bad to try .
 Approximately an hour and a half after ordering this product online , I discovered essentially the same product at the local Wal-Mart for about 30 % less . Within two hours of placing the original online order , I e-mailed the vendor my cancellation request . It seemed reasonable to expect cancellation of the order since -LRB- i -RRB- the product was ordered on Sunday , -LRB- ii -RRB- the order had been promptly canceled and -LRB- iii -RRB- the vendor 's expected delivery date was 10 days from the date of order . The vendor , however , wrote to me several days later to deny my request for cancellation based on the allegation that processing of the order had already commenced . I was told that I could return the product , but would have to pay shipping costs.I will not frequent this vendor or any other third party vendor on the Amazon site , as it seems this type of chicanery is common .
 And my little guy is NOT a destroyer . But my little guy LOVES it . So , buying another one . Maybe one day they will make it with more tear resistant fabric .
 This toy lasted less than 5 minutes with our minature schnauzer . Our dog tore the covers off the little balls with absolutely no problem .
 There 's nothing wrong with the manufacturing or quality - the item seems well made and its structure is basically the same as shown in the picture . But the colors are nothing like what is shown . In reality , it is much darker , less kid-like . The `` red '' coral on the right is really a deep purple ; the `` yellow '' smokestack looking things are really green ; the `` light blue '' flower like things on the left are really a dark copper/burnt orange ; the small `` purple '' flowers are blue and yellow ; the `` light purple '' brain-like looking things at the bottom are blue and a little purple , but much darker than in the picture ; the little `` yellow '' flowers are red . The remaining parts are a couple shades of deep , deep forest green.It was for a 7 year old , so I am very disappointed .
 The color was a little bit more dull than in the pictures . Disapointing but I decided I would still keep it.Bad idea . Should have returned it . As soon as I started to rinse it before putting in the tank a horrible rank resin smell took over the whole kitchen ! It was so bad there was no way I was going to put it in my tank with my fish . I had to put it out on the porch it was so bad ! No way would I buy anther one . Horrible waste of money .
 This product was cracked in half probably before it was even shipped to me because it does n't even fit in the product box . The amazon box was not smashed in , so I do n't see how it would even be possible for it to be broken in shipping because it 's some tough plastic ! I feel like I got ripped off , just sending me broken things and knowing shipping back would be to expensive for what it 's worth.As for the product itself it 's not as good looking as the picture , or as bright , the colors are different and seems to be hand painted by someone who is in a rush or not getting paid enough for what they do .
 Door installs relatively easy , pets figured it out rather easily . Had some difficulty finding a dog collar that would work with the transmitter . Took the racoon about 15 seconds to figure out how to pull the flap open from the outside . Should keep the neighbor cat out though !
 Huge waste of money . My dog has to stand still in exactly the right place for this to work . I took the collar off the dog and tried to get it to open myself and I even had a hard time getting it to work . Very disappointed because in addition to purchasing this , I also paid a contractor to cut a hole in my new siding and drywall to install it . Now it is just sitting there as part of the wall and completely non-functional .
 The idea behind this dog door is great , but the execution is lacking . First , the measurement says it will fit a dog with a shoulder height of 14 &#34; - my dog is 12 &#34; at the shoulder , and there is no way she would fit through . While the entire piece is large enough , the actual flap opening is rather small and she would n't even go near it . Also , the electromagnetic &#34; tag &#34; that is supposed to go on the collar is ridiculous . First of all , it 's very bulky and rather heavy , which I do n't think would be very comfortable for a small dog or large cat . Secondly , the loops in which to string the collar through are too small for any collar with a buckle . I would have had to buy another collar with a very slim profile and more of a belt like buckle . Overall , I had to buy a regular dog door to replace this one . Generally though , installation was rather straight forward and I did like that they provided various screws to use dependent on your door thickness .
 magnet only works when your pets head is right over it and only for a few seconds . very poor operation .
 I 've bought General Cages for decades . I 've always loved them because the wire was thick , durable and they folded down easily . You merely lifted a handle and the panel fell down . I could collapse the crate in 30 seconds or less . Fantastic for dog shows!So when I needed another crate General Cage is the brand I went to . This time I wanted an epoxy crate due to my General Cage gold crates tarnishing over the years . Caveat Emptor ! The quality of their black epoxy is that of or less than a crate you can buy at any pet store.I was sorely disappointed . It is not as easily collapsible and definitely not easy to put together . In fact , usually I never needed to put together their gold crates . So it surprised me when I had to put pins in for this crate . It took me a good 30 minutes to figure out how to put it together . I do n't dare try to break it down . The description for this crate is extremely misleading!For your money , this crate is not worth it . It 's cheap and hard to put together much less break down . I bought a $ 15 crate at Lowe 's that 's easier to break down and put together and just as durable . Your better off going for their higher dollar gold crate -LRB- which now I wish I had -RRB- or buying a crate at a pet store . This crate is a major dud !
 SOMEONE changed my order !!! I AM SO FREAKIN ' ANGRY THAT I WILL NEVER BUY CAT TOYS ON AMAZON AGAIN !!! THE SELLER WAS A REAL JERK !! AND MAY I ADD BLAMED AMAZON FOR CHANGING THE ORDER !! I DO N'T NEED THIS INSULTING SHOPPING !!! NEVER NEVER NEVER BUY CAT TOYS FROM aMAZON OR THIS SELLER !! AND BY THE BY THIS LOOFA CAT TOY I THREW IN THE TRASH-IT WAS DIRTY AND CRAPY AND DISGUSTING - I WOULD NEVER ORDER THIS CRAP IN THE FIRST PLACE LET ALONE GIVE IT TO MY CAT ! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE ! ps the catnip so called catnip i dry and old must be SO OLD I WOULD VEVER GIVE TO MY CAT !! BEWARE
 I bought some of this because a new guppy I had bought was scratching and soon after my four minnows were scratching . The first dose of this killed my weakest minnow which I was almost positive would happen . The second dose killed the remaining 3 minnows . Now all that is left is the guppy.Dyed the seams of my aquarium and all the suction cups blue . I also think it tinted the glass blue . Hopefully bleach will get rid of the blue and the tint after I have a chance to break down the aquarium for deep cleaning.You live , you learn .
 There 's nothing wrong with the manufacturing or quality - the item seems well made and its structure is basically the same as shown in the picture . But the colors are nothing like what is shown . In reality , it is much darker , less kid-like . The `` red '' coral on the right is really a deep purple ; the `` yellow '' smokestack looking things are really green ; the `` light blue '' flower like things on the left are really a dark copper/burnt orange ; the small `` purple '' flowers are blue and yellow ; the `` light purple '' brain-like looking things at the bottom are blue and a little purple , but much darker than in the picture ; the little `` yellow '' flowers are red . The remaining parts are a couple shades of deep , deep forest green.It was for a 7 year old , so I am very disappointed .
 The color was a little bit more dull than in the pictures . Disapointing but I decided I would still keep it.Bad idea . Should have returned it . As soon as I started to rinse it before putting in the tank a horrible rank resin smell took over the whole kitchen ! It was so bad there was no way I was going to put it in my tank with my fish . I had to put it out on the porch it was so bad ! No way would I buy anther one . Horrible waste of money .
 This product was cracked in half probably before it was even shipped to me because it does n't even fit in the product box . The amazon box was not smashed in , so I do n't see how it would even be possible for it to be broken in shipping because it 's some tough plastic ! I feel like I got ripped off , just sending me broken things and knowing shipping back would be to expensive for what it 's worth.As for the product itself it 's not as good looking as the picture , or as bright , the colors are different and seems to be hand painted by someone who is in a rush or not getting paid enough for what they do .
 This was the worst training video I have ever seen ... Only about 15 -20 minutes long about stuff a 8 yr old would already know ! Im soooo mad I bought this !
 I first started buying these 4-5 years ago . I have two large dogs who inhale everything in about .02 seconds . These used to be a lot larger and thicker and would last at least 30 minutes . The last box I just received was chips over 40 % smaller and about the same thinner , the dogs eat theirs in less than 5 minutes . Still a good product but sad to see that it 's not as a great a deal as it used to be . I will start buying the same sizes available at Petco or Petsmart ...
 I received my order today and was shocked to see that I paid 37.04 for an item that was advertised as 17 pounds to receive 2.5 pounds . I can eaisly say no rawhide chip is worth this price . I am very disappointed about the false advertisement .
 Our 8 month old German Shepherd puppy loves stuffed toys , and after swallowing a lot of polyester stuffing from a more fragile toy , enough to warrant a trip to the vet and some x-rays , I wanted something that could stand up to her . The reviews made me think this would do it . Nope.She immediately fell in love with it , and started thrashing it about before settling in to chomp on it . Ten minutes and she had the antennae off . She likely would have swallowed those had I not been present to snatch them away.She always wants me to play with her and her toys , meaning play tug-of-war with them . I held onto one rope leg , she tugged on another leg , and I immediately heard the tearing of some stitching . Another tug and she pulled the leg she was gripping all the way through the toy and out . Now there 's a loose leg , and two holes in the toy emitting polyester filling.Waste of money , in my mind . The rope legs need to be anchored inside the toy , knotted with a rope spine , or something . This lasted less than an hour before it ended up in a state that I ca n't leave it with her .
 I have been a manager for a retail petstore for 15 yrs . I have extensive knowledge in aquatic life . Our store has purchased these pumps for commercial use as well as for customer purchase . We will no longer carry lifeguard products due to the lack of quality and lack of customer service . These quiet one pumps are made with plastic shafts instead of stainless steel shafts . When you have a power outage and then the power surge kicks back on the shaft cracks.When you call lifeguard they refuse to correct the problem and tell you to send it back at your own cost . A man named Neil works there and will not even consider any type of compensation for these pumps and also will not hesitate to hang up on you.These pumps will not last you more than a year the shafts will crack.I know because i have many upset customers with these pumps . Be aware that you may give this good ratings when first purchased but you will not be happy in the long run .
 My rabbit would n't eat pellets . She would push them out of her dish and they 'd build up on the food side of her cage . This is a problem because we usually would n't need to clean that side so often . I got this product because it has no pellets and the rabbit really seems to like it . This sounds like a 5 star review and it would have been had the food not smelled like wet paint . Still , I am happy as long as my rabbit is happy and she seems content to me . I recommend it if your rabbit wo n't eat pellets but otherwise , it might be easier to stick to your current food.EDIT
 I have an older dog that has never really eaten his food well . I tried this product and my dog would n't eat it .
 I have 3 dogs and sometimes they get a little picky at dinner time so I thought I 'd try the shake-ins . Unfortunately , not one of mydogs was impressed with it . It did not encourage them to eat any more than just their plain dog food does .
 I bought this thinking I would treat my dog 's food every now and then with it , but when i did they just walked away from it.Its not their favorite
 Should have known something was up by how low the price was for such a big piece of cat furniture . Got it and the handles ripped when I tried bringing it through the door as the box was apparently too heavy to actually use the handles . The directions are horrible and I figured out I was missing pieces as I went along . I decided to try building it without the instructions as they were n't much help and that 's how I figured out there was a base missing , screws missing and some sections seemed like they would be chincy even with the right construction . Contacted the company it 's made by and waiting on a response as to what to do from here .
 Thought that the product would be great for my 4 cats but it was just a waste of money !! Out of my 4 cats only one will use it is my 10lb Calico cat and she will only sit on the top platform -LRB- which is very small -RRB- . Heads up for anyone who buys this item , they do n't send you enough long dual thread bolts so you ca n't use the toys that are shown .
 Incomplete parts , terrible tiny page of &#34; directions . &#34; After wrestling with it for hours , I gave up and now I have two small and separate cat trees . I would not buy this brand again .
 I have been using Pet safe collars your 4 years and after spending a fortune for batteries decided to get one with greater range and rechargable . The initial charge was fine , 2d also . After a total of less than 12 hours total use the collar would no longer charge and after overnight charging -LRB- 10 hours -RRB- the collar would work for less than an hour . Before sending it back I called Pet Safe . They confirmed I was using it properly . They offered to replace it . Shipping not covered . Returned it to Amazon . Now to CAREFULLY read reviews and find one that works .
 Charged per instructions . Transmitter did not start blinking after 12 hours as per manual -LRB- receiver did -RRB- . Called company . On hold for a long time . Then e-mailed them . First e-mail non-responsive to question and said , `` I will be happy to provide you with the proper warranty exchange procedures and of any cost involved `` Huh ? Way too much hassle and I do n't want to pay again for something I just paid for . Their warranty says parts for life and labor for first year , but I wonder how much the `` cost involved '' would be in the future.Back to Amazon this goes . Have to find something else because now delivery is 2-4 weeks from Amazon . I wonder if it is because they have to ship two or more to every customer so they can get one that works .
 The product is garbage . When I saw this product on Amazon , I thought it would be a great deal to own this . When it arrived I immediately opened it and read the instructions . I charged it for 24 hours and then tested on myself . Afterwards , I turned it off until my dog needed to go outside . When that time finally came , I put the collar on and let the dog out . It worked fine for the 5 minutes or so that he was outside . At this point , I had not shocked him yet . I used the tones . A few hours later , I let him out again , and this time had the opportunity to use the shock feature of the collar . After a few zaps , he stopped trying to chase a rabbit underneath the shed and instead came to the back door and sat down . I let him back in and went to work for a few hours . When I came home I put the caller back on him and let him outside . This time I had left him outside for longer than 5 minutes . After about 5 minutes , I noticed that the caller stopped responding to the transmitter . I brought my dog inside and pulled the collar off him and reset the collar . When I got it working again I put it back on my dog and this time it work for less than a minute . A once again reset it and put back on my dog . This time it lasted about 1 minute . Again frustrated , I reset the collar . I did this several more times with similar results ; it would stop working within 1 to 5 minutes . After that , I boxed a backup and returned it to Amazon . Of course , hindsight being 20/20 , I checked the product reviews on their website and saw very low ratings . My suggestion , do not get this brand .
 Love the idea of this.But must have stayed on the shelffor too long battery is having problemsnot keeping a charge . I already cut thecollar to fit Buddy and doubt it willbe able to be returned . NOT satisfiedwith the product . Amazon is great .
 This product started out to be the best thing I have ever purchased for a pet . After 2 weeks the unit stopped working so I called customer service and they sent out a new receiver . The new receiver worked for two days and then quit working again . So I am sending this one back for a refund and will step up to the Dogtra brand . I have heard they are a better unit .
 I used this on my redbone hound when went running until it stopped working . It may have stopped working after I dropped it from my counter to the floor . But I expected it to be more durable for the price and not as sensitive as a cell phone .
 I have purchased an returned 4 of these units from Petsmart . They all were malfunctioning out of the box . I am very tech-saavy and I was using the product correctly . Customer service walked me through the correct procedures and agreed that the products were defective . After purchasing 4 bad devices in a row I am done with this company .
 This is a great product - while it works ! Within 6 moths after buying the product -LRB- or ten times of usage -RRB- the collar stopped working due to some issue with the battery charging .
 As soon as I charged the receiver and remote and tried it out the receiver stopped communicating with the remote . I called customer service and they told me how to reset the remote/receiver and then it worked for a few hours or so , then I would check it and receiver was n't communicating with remote again . The second day I used it , I had to reset remote/receiver 3 times . I was so bummed it was so unreliable . I bought it to keep my Boston from chasing cars , so reliability is crucial . For $ 140 I would expect better quality . Highly unrecommended.I just bought the dogtra 175ncp for $ 175 and it is awesome , very reliable and the range works well on the ranch , and the charge stays good for many days , High quality . It also has a pager function that is really cool .
 When it works , it works great . I told the Petsafe customer support `` It turned a good dog into a great dog '' . But it just does n't work . First collar failed after a couple weeks . Phoned Petsafe customer support and they sent another collar no charge . Second collar was dead out of the box . Again phoned customer support who sent a third collar . Third collar worked for a couple of days and now only works for the first half hour after a 12 hour charge . Petsafe customer support has been great but I 'm wondering if I 'm being sent refurbished collars that were sent back by others and am just getting one lemon after another . Maybe they 've improved them because if you look at the reviews on the Petsafe web site for this collar you 'll see a bunch of 1 star reviews but more recently 4 and 5 stars . I honestly believe this collar has a design flaw and is being powered by inadequate batteries . I 'm going to throw in the towel on this unit and probably get a Tri Tronics collar.Follow up July 28 . I 've been using the Tri Tronics G3 Basic for a while now and it has performed flawlessly . My only complaint is that the receiver unit is a little bigger and heavier then the Yard and Park receiver - it also has much longer range though . Tri-tronics does make a Junior model that is smaller with slightly less range . I 'm thinking about getting that collar as an `` add on '' for my other dog since the G3 easily expands to up to 3 dogs.Standard price on theTri Tronics Sport Basic G3 Electronic Dog Collaris $ 239 + shipping from Amazon but you can find it for free shipping elsewhere .
 I 've trained all kinds of dogs , from shih tzus to huskies to collies with great success . But when my german shepherd came along , I was presented with a huge challenge - a profoundly stubborn 80lb girl with ` alpha issues ' . I finally decided to get this remote trainer . It was very effective on her . I do n't use the shock function ; I just created positive and negative associations with the tones . It was working very well . The only problem is , the darn thing wo n't hold a charge for more than an hour . And Murphy 's law dictates that every time she is performing an unwanted behavior , I press the button ... and yup , not a darn thing happens . So the training lacks any form of consistency ... . which is of course , how a dog learns . Such a shame : -LRB-
 This was a great collar for about a year . After that the whole thing just stopped working.Contacted Petsafe , ordered new batteries ... toast . So I bought a Dogtra to replace it and love that one more.Before it died it was a pretty good collar . My only problems were with the transmitter and the collar not communicating all the time . I had to reset it multiple times . Within a few months of use , it was kind of unreliable , thankfully it was just a backup measure when we were out in the field , just in case my dog started to chase some critter.Spend the extra money for a Dogtra collar . While this is an OK collar for a few more bucks you can get a collar that is much better .
 I wish i had read the bad reviews more carefully before buying this product . I read them afterwards , my problems were the same with those of others . The device did n't work properly . I did everything in the book , many things they do n't mention . It eventually started working , but it was unreliable . Exactly what you need in this kind of a product . I live outside of US , for most of the year , so exchange was not a real option . I read on of the bad reviews , took its advice and bought a tri tonics which i have been using for a while now with no problems . So , if you do n't think you 'll be lucky , like most of the reviewers , and it is hard to exchange . I 'd say go with tri tronics . They are good .
 OK had to redo my review . Here we are about 3 months later and the product has become unreliable . Go to the Pet Safe website and you will see many negative reviews for the same reason . It was wonderful when it worked , but it is trash now and I hope to get my money back . No matter what you do , charge it over and over etc. the controler stops working so the collar is worthless .
 Bought this product about a week ago . It worked wonderfully for about that week , but after I recharged it last night , it now does not want to work properly . The remote only works now if you are standing right next to the collar , and stops working as soon as you step beyond 10 yards . Will be returning this product for a full refund .
 AFTER READING NUMEROUS REVIEWS FOR THIS ITEM I WENT AHEAD AND PURCHASED IT . BIG MISTAKE !!! PRODUCT WORKED GREAT FOR FOUR DAYS . AFTER THAT THE COLLAR STOPPED RECEIVING THE SIGNAL FROM THE REMOTE . RESET THE SIGNAL QUITE A FEW TIMES OVER THE NEXT TWO DAYS , BUT AFTER TWO DAYS EVEN THAT DID N'T HELP . FOR SOME REASON THE COLLAR AND THE REMOTE DO NOT STAY CONNECTED . I THINK IT 'S BECAUSE THERE ARE TOO MANY OPTIONS SETTINGS AVAILABLE TO THE HAND HELD REMOTE . BUT , EVEN WITH THE ORIGINAL SETTINGS SIGNAL DOES NOT GO THROUGH.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT ... YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED .
 This started working great ; the dog responds very well to just the tone after only a couple small initial shocks . However , after having this for about 7 months , it has stopped working . So now I 'm being forced to find another one .
 This collar looks great - the collar and remote both seem to be built well . The problem is that it just does n't work . The functions quit working about 10 minutes after I started using it . This is another example of cheap junk from china that is flooding the USA . Do n't buy it !
 I realize that this item has received great reviews -LRB- many stars -RRB- but my experience with it is exactly the opposite.After a month or so it has gotten to the point where it simply `` shuts down '' in a random fashion . I check it -LRB- press the button and note that the collar light flashes and the buzzer sounds -RRB- before putting the collar on my dog . I immediately check it again and he responds.Five minutes later it has stopped responding . I check this by observation of the collar ... not by whether or not my dog responds ... so it is the device that has failed ... not my dog 's response.I recharge the batteries , reset the collar per the instruction book , and sometimes this `` fixes '' it but the `` fix '' is always short lived.I contacted -LRB- e-mail -RRB- the manufacturer and got a `` canned '' reply to charge the batts and reset the collar which , of course I had already done.BOTTOM LINE !!!! THIS DEVICE IS WORTHLESS !!! SAVE YOUR MONEY -LRB- A GOOD DEAL OF IT !!! -RRB- William StatlerScotia , New York
 problem was that you should prepare to buy one every year , a few days after its anniversary . Maybe the weather , the constant motion , etc just kills it . And like most dogs , without reinforcement , old habits die hard .
 If you want this collar to train your dog not to bark , then save your money and do n't purchase this junk , it had zero affect on my dog . I 'm sure there is something better out there , this aint it though .
 The unit that hangs around the neck is very heavy . So heavy , in fact , that I have not used it so far . Also , I did not expect to have to shave the neck to create a contact for the two prongs that are supposed to make contact . This is not at all what I expected .
 I bought this collar at the recommendation of our dog trainer . It worked for exactly 3 days before the spray mechanism stopped spraying . After numerous attempts to resolve the issue with the seller I opted for a paypal refund and purchased another one . The second one lasted all of 4 weeks and it also stopped spraying.We were n't excessive sprayers , and even if we were the product should be designed to last somewhat longer than one refill.I could n't be less happy with this product or the manufacturer .
 Brought this product for our counter surfing dog . It worked for ONE day . We returned it and got a replacement only to have that one stop working after a few days as well . We thought third time would be a charm , WRONG ! This time the remote stopped working . This is a crap product and I would never recommend this to anyone .
 Purchased this trainer in June 2010 and discovered it was no longer providing a correction in October of the same year ... so it worked for less than 6 months for us . Have been in discussion back and forth with the Petsafe Customer Support people for more than one month in trying to get this issue resolved , and STILL don ; t have a working collar.If using an e-collar is not going to be a daily thing for you , if you 're pretty sure that your dog wo n't run away and get lost if the collar fails , and if you enjoy exchanging long heated emails with customer support , buy this collar.If you 'd prefer instead to have something that works properly for the long term and keeps your dog safe , choose another .
 Strength was not close to as advertised by mfg. More frills than substance . Not a top travel harness choice .
 I had been feeding my dog greenies for about 7 months . The product does have an ingrediant that is very attractive to dogs , My dog enjoyed this `` treat '' and as I had been using it for several months , I trusted it . Last September I gave her a greenie . One hour and fifteen minutes later I found her on the floor . All attempts to revive her were futile . The following day a necropsy was done by our vet that found a chunk of the greenie lodged in her trachea . That was the cause of her death from strangulation . I have since discovered a large number of cases where dogs have suffered severe injury or death from the use of this product . My dog weighed slightly over 10 pounds at the time of her death and was almost 3 years old . I gave her the `` petite '' size greenie . I do not feel that the warnings for the use of this product are sufficent for the risks involved . The company states that this stuff is 85 per-cent digestable . That is the same risk as playing Russian Roulette with a six shot revolver .
 On July 25 , 2005 my dog died from complications brought on by this product . We followed the rules on the packaging . We watched Burt -LRB- our mini daschund -RRB- chew it and swallow it down . Should n't be any problems from that point forward , right ? Well , Burt vomited blood the next day so we rushed him to the hospital . The surgeon recommended exploratory surgery.It was found that my dog had a chunk of a Greenie lodged in his intestines . The surgeon had to remove 3 feet of my dog 's dead intestines and the `` foreign body '' lodged in his intestine which was none other than the all-too-familiar `` toothbrush '' end of a Greenie . 48 hours later my dog died . He died from complications brought on from the surgery - a surgery that never would have happened had the product fully digested the way it claims it does on its packaging and website.Again , 3 FEET of my mini daschund 's intestines had to be removed . He fought to hang on as long as he could but he died Monday night 9:09 pm.In my opinion you are foolish for buying this product . I am aware of other documented FATALITIES involving this product and more and more are coming forward with similar stories of near fatal experiences , sick dogs , etc. I share this story with you so that you can make your own educated opinion about this product . Everything that I have written here is the absolute truth . Medical records and other information are available.If I could give this product rating a negative rating , I would do so.Here 's my new slogan for the company : GREENIES - YOUR DOG CAN LIVE WITHOUT THEM.-MikeHere 's another review from Janet Parker , who 's February 2005 review you can read for yourself on the `` Greenies 18 pack '' that Amazon sells : I am highly recommending you DO NOT give your dog Greenies . My German Shepherd was given one by a friend . He loved the taste and ate it wholeheartedly . However , within a 24 hours , he was vomiting blood and taken to the vet 's emergency clinic . Not only did the product tear up his throat , but he had an intestinal blockage because the Greenie did not digest easily . He was at risk for emergency surgery , but my vet was able to help him pass it . He had to be on an IV for a week . Folks , the packaging on Greenies even says it is fatal if not thoroughly chewed . DO NOT RISK IT ! I almost lost my best friend .
 I am highly recommending you DO NOT give your dog Greenies . My German Shepherd was given one by a friend . He loved the taste and ate it wholeheartedly . However , within a 24 hours , he was vomiting blood and taken to the vet 's emergency clinic . Not only did the product tear up his throat , but he had an intestinal blockage because the Greenie did not digest easily . He was at risk for emergency surgery , but my vet was able to help him pass it . He had to be on an IV for a week . Folks , the packaging on Greenies even says it is fatal if not thoroughly chewed . DO NOT RISK IT ! I almost lost my best friend .
 I bought a large pack of greenies for my dog after talking to several of my friends . Initially , it seemed like a good solution because I was starting to get tired of grooming my dog so often -LRB- daily brushing -RRB- . Recently , I was awoken from my nap by the sound of my dog choking and gagging . I froze because I did n't know what to do . My dog finally threw up to clear his throat , and with it came out a piece of greenie about the size of my fingertip.I did some search online , and found out that this problem is not unique among dogs.Also , Greenies is not as good of a product as I thought . Even if you feed greenies to your dog everyday , you still need to brush their teeth regularly -LRB- I 've seen tartar buildups , and gum inflmmation , all which will lead to teeth decay in time -RRB- . In addition , I do n't think the dog 's breath is improved after eating a greenie.In the end , nothing really beats traditional brushing with toothpaste . Greenies are not cheap either - a pack of greenies is about the cost of dozens of hand-made healthy gourmet dog biscuits . I 'm just sitting here asking myself why I bothered to buy those choking hazard treats when I could 've pampered my pooch in a much better way .
 I am very cautious about what I give my dog and always watch her carefully when giving her a treat she can chew . I am always worried about her choking on something . I heard everyone rave about greenies and decided to give one to my dog to try . She was 6 months old and I gave her a petite one for her weight -LRB- as the recommendation said -RRB- . My dog is really careful about chewing her treats before swallowing . She really liked the greenie , but as was chewing it , the treat got really slimey , and a big chunk accidentally slid down her throat and she swallowed it . She then gagged and vomitted it back up . After the incident , I threw away the other greenies I had bought and never gave her another one . Now I have been hearing many incidents of greenies causing obstructions and it just re-iterates to me that I 've made the right decision in not feeding them to my dog anymore !
 I have two beagles who love to chew , and greenies are highly compressed which woule make it a good optionfor my dogs . However because they are so highly compressed they are deadly . There is an overwhelming amount of research that proves they are not digestible , and do not break down . Numerous dogs have died from chocking and internal blockages . Luckily this was brought to my attention before I purchased any.It really does n't matter how much your dogs like them , statistically you dog would have an excellent chance of becoming seriously injured or worse.If keeping your dog busy is the goal try a kong or a `` busy ball '' . My dogs play with their kong and similar toys for hours or until they are too tired to play anymore . Additionally some busy balls let you record a message that is played when the ball is moved , even slightly , which also helps with separation anxiety.If you want to treat your dog to something in the way of food , almost anything you can think of is safer than a greenie.Also please note ... there are many greenie knockoffs . If the treat is shaped and molded or looks like plastic , has fine details showing the company name or other designs , it is in fact a molded treat . Anything this highly compressed is absolutely deadly.While even rawhide carries some of the same risks because it is so durable ... it is a MUCH safer alternative to greenies.I am actually surprised amazon even sells this product , and would go as far as suggesting to amazon users to petition them to stop selling it .
 Lable was faded . Could not read expiration date . Tablets seemed old and crumbled much easier then the exact same one I bought from Petsmart before .
 I 've never heard of this product , but I ca n't imagine incorporating any Omega 6 in a formulation that addresses joint pain . Omega 6s support the immune system , which includes the inflammatory response -LRB- i.e. , joint pain -RRB- . Omega 3s counter-balance the inflammatory response . Nutritionally , Omega 6s are very stable and unlikely to be deficient in any sensible diet ; Omega 3s are very unstable , and so people and animals all generally benefit from supplemental levels of Omega 3 .
 I wanted a WIRELESS dog fence as I typed in and as this said it was but in fact you have to put down wire and this is not what I asked for . Therefore I am not happy with the mispresentation .
 As you can see from the picture , there are five bottles of Pet Aromatics Shampoo -- but they will only send you one -LRB- or that 's all they sent me , anyway -RRB- . $ 13 for one bottle of pet shampoo ? Uh , I do n't think so . Total rip-off .
 way smaller than it was suppose to be . approx 14 X10 inches long . way smaller than advertised size . you are way better off screwing some driftwood together to make it appropiate size for your tank . im not even going to use this piece . way over rated . if you look up home made driftwood turtle docks from a guy who makes them on a red ear slider website . make one from his designs . much better and only costs a few cents to make . mine was made with two pieces of straping and driftwood or dried wood from the woods . the turtles enjoy it way more as well .
 I bought the extra large piece . I did not think it would be considered an extra large piece and when I measured , it was only 12x10x1 . There was also a crack through the whole thing . If my turtle tried to climb on , it would probably break . I have had a hard time finding a turtle dock big enough for my turtle and was very disappointed with this product !
 Measurements were extremely off . Item is listed as 24x24x1 inch Bought this to put in my turtle tank and it was way too small , not even close . The item arrived in a timely manner , but it 's sitting in cabinet not being used .
 If its too good to be true it probably is ... and in the case of this product being so cheap and being out of stock !! yet even now it lists as still having 5 left . Dont waste your time on this item . Pay a few more dollars and buy from a company that says and does what it means .
 This bag is an absolute must have . Due to its compact size and durability , this carrier is certain to ensure a memorable experience . Let 's start off with it 's size . This thing is so large and awkward I doubt it would ride appropriately on a dream liner . I relish the memories of my feet falling asleep as they were pressed against my seat in order to make room for the carrier . Or how it was always a concerted effort to check on my wife 's squashed cat which resulted in a few tray table drinks getting tipped.Don ' t worry though . You should n't have to check on your pet for any flight less than two and a half hours or so . Why two and a half hours ? That 's it ... durability . Two and a half hours was exactly how long it took my wife 's one year old cat to chew two holes in the carrier large enough to fit through . What a thrilling interlude to an otherwise dull four and a half hour flight . If only we had n't of caught him time and had given him the chance to frolic about at 30,000 plus feet . I might have sustained enough financial loss after the certain myriad civil law suits henceforth , that I might have someday invented a carrier that 's as big a piece of garbage as this one in attempts to recoup my money.Folks do n't buy this ... especially if you intend to use it for flight . Our little cat was on a prescribed sedative and he cut the carrier to ribbons . Plus , it 's awkward and does n't fit well anywhere except for maybe across the laps of two people on a plane . Some animals react very poorly to plane rides and I would n't want anyone to go through the nightmare that my wife and I did.Sherpa Pet Group , Great job ! I 'd give just about anything to meet the dullard who designed this .
 During the first part of a connecting international flight , the cat ripped through the mesh lining , several times and nearly escaped in the process . It made for a very interesting layover , as the two of us made a mad dash to get some re-enforcement for the lining . We ended up having to lay cardboard over every side and keep the top zipped slightly open for air . FOR CAT USE AT YOUR OWN RISK !
 If you are a distributor only of this product , what I am about to say is not your fault.The quality of this product is abysml . I had purchased four Sherpa bags in the past - excellent quality . Not this one . Leather replaced by vinyl , so flimsy it collapses , shoulderstrap already falling apart and leaking contents . I had to take one of my cats to the vet tohave fiber filling removed from her nose at a considerable expense . Never again ! Sorry !!
 I bought this to take my 18lb fox terrier on a 2 hour flight with me , so I thought I 'd be fine . My dog was a little uncomfortable and started to move while I was checking in to the flight , and after 2 minutes of moving inside , he tore the side open and stuck his head out . Of course I could not travel with him like that , so I had to buy a new one at the airport .
 I 'd give it 0 if I could ... , August 28 , 2006Reviewer
 the zippers are nylon . . and the came apart with my cat inside . the bag is way past the 1 year warrenty but considering the cost . the 3-4 times it was ever used and then near disaster you need to be careful . i paid a lot of money to make sure my cat was SAFE when she had to leave the house . the zipper on the front is a total waste it will not rezip now .
 I purchased the Sherpa Original Deluxe Pet Carrier , Medium , Black and just used it for the first time to transport my cat to the vet . During this first use , the mesh on the bag developed a rip , despite the fact that my cat was shockingly calm during transit and did n't attack the bag at all . My cat is 12 pounds - well within the weight range for this product and one trip is hardly excessive usage . This is supposed to be a quality product and I 'm very disapointed that instead it 's damaged after a single , non-intensive use . I 'm concerned that it wo n't be secure to carry my pet during an international flight , which was the reason I purchased it . Although the top and side openings proved useful , I just ca n't trust a product that breaks immediately .
 I wish that I could review this item , but I ca n't since it 's no longer available from Petco , Amazon 's partner . What Petco offers in its place is the Original Sherpa Bag . If I had wanted the Original Sherpa Bag , I would have ordered it .
 The cap looked right but it was flat . We could not get it to the proper shape for a baseball cap.It 's visor was wrong and part of the cap itself was sewn wrong Its to bad it was so poorly made it would have been adorable on my dog .
 The hat is too flat at the top and unless you are looking from the top of the hat/head , you ca n't see the LA logo . We were trying to take some pictures from the front where you can see the dog 's face and the hat with LA logo but ca n't see the logo because it 's facing up not to the front .
 I purchased this for my medium/small lab ; who hates getting water in her eyes when out walking in the rain . It is okay , but the fit could be better .
 Well , this product seems like a nice idea , but it does not work . I wanted to use it to stop my neighbors dogs from barking when I am home . We share a fence , so I could walk over and point the device at the dogs and they would just look at me . I tried multiple times with no effect or change in behavior . I changed the battery , and again same result . The red light would like up , and I could hear a sound , but it caused no reaction from the dogs . I even tried it on my girlfriends dog and my cats , with nothing . Hope that helps . I returned the product to get a refund .
 I purchased this product in hopes of being able to quiet my neighbor 's small dog that barks constantly every time I enter my back yard . Even with the dog near the fence - within 10-15 feet - the device had no noticeable effect . Perhaps it would work better at an even closer range but for my purposes it was of no use .
 This product would work better if it were a rock , then at least I could throw it at the dog and get his attention . The product was completely useless at any distance . I think maybe they were laughing at me under their breath . Yes I read the directions and yes I used it properly , and No it did NOT work , not on any of the 3 dogs it was intended for . -LRB- the rock did ... no more problems when they see me -RRB-
 I have read reviews from others saying this thing works . However , for my three small dogs it does n't do much . I know they can hear something because when I push the button to emit the sound I can see them tilting their heads like they hear something . However , it does n't stop them when they are barking . I am not even sure they can hear it when they are barking . I am wondering if one of the more expensive sound emitting devices would work better .
 My neighbor 's dog backs days and night and they never even try to shut him off . He was barking tonight so i decided to try this product on him . I tried pushing the button for half a second , a second , 2 seconds , 4 seconds , 10 seconds . Nothing would work . He would just bark before , after and while I would push the button . I was about 15 feet away and pointing the remote straight to him . I would not see a positive effect one way or the other.Either this product does not work or the dog is as stupid as my neighbor .
 I used it on 4 different type of dogs , and it only made them angrier . Do n't rely on this device for protection . I bought it for my mother , thank god I test it first .
 I bought this due to my dogs barking at the fence at the neighbors dog . It only worked for 3 days . For those 3 days it worked great ! LOL . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I have tried this dog repeller only a few feet from the dog and nothing happened . The dog did not stop barking . This is the reason why I ordered the dog repeller . My neighbor 's dog barks continuously when I am in the yard .
 I 'm sorry to say this did n't work at all for me . I tried it on multiple breeds of dogs , from within a few feet to 50 feet of range . Some dogs turned their heads but that could have easily been a coincidence . It did not produce the effect I wanted -LRB- the dogs to stop barking and run away -RRB- . In addition , the battery compartment is almost too small for the battery . It took some effort to actually get the battery inside .
 Ok I saw the mixed feedback . Figured I would try it out and see for myself ... to try and stop our 12 week old puppy from barking nonstop and to correct him from jumping up . I am sad to report it was a waste of money . I know our puppy hears it ... he could care less . it does n't even phase him , he looks at it and does n't even stop what he is doing . He is a mix of lab and newfoundland ... no idea if this matters . Anyhow the previous reviewers that said they can hear it when put up to their ear are correct . you can hear a faint sound . Needless to say , I would n't waste your money on this . I am amazed that anyone else is having any luck with this because our puppy is n't even affected by it in the least . My husband said this would be a waste of money and sadly he was right .
 unfortunately , this product does not work at all , not for my dogs anyway . it just seems to make my small pom-poo bark more . my other 3 dogs are really not quieted by it either . glad it works for some of you , because its a complete dud for us .
 When I first received them they worked . After a week they had no effect . I was able to hear a `` tone '' when the butrton was pushed , but now ... nothing !!!! I fine it hard to believe that both of them failed at the same time .
 This product is a JOKE ! does not work at all ! I could easily return it , just do not want to deal with hassle of returning product .
 it does n't work at all , I put new batteries and try with a lot of dogs , it 's a fraud . Do n't buy it .
 Red light comes on but dog doesnt even notice anything . For the price I was willing to take the risk , after reading previous reviews about it not working I also saw reviews saying it did . I should have listened to my instinct but there are too many options and I was getting confused . I guess cheap never pays off .
 When I considered this product I must admit I had high hopes judging by the reiews I read . . I wouldnt have given it any stars at all But it works on 3 of our animals . . It does shut one of our many Chihuahuas mouths up , & 2 cats it keeps them from scratching our couch ! thats when we see them & can push the button ... If your buying this product in high hopes of training your dog to not bark ... its a hit & miss . .1 dog out of every 10 is sad odds to say the least ... we are very bummed this product didnt work for us . .
 This product needs to be pulled . It is a joke . I would hate to see anyone -LRB- especially a child -RRB- that would depend on a piece of craplike this to protect them from a mauling . I tried it on my own dog at first . he looked at me like I was an idiot , then began barking , and come right to me . Totally useless.I could definitely see some lawsuits springing from this .
 Bought this for three small barkers . worked great for a week . Then it died . So sad . What a waste of money !!! Pet Parade Dog Repeller and Training Aid
 I have been using this item for about a week . The very first time I used it I got both dogs attention quickly because it was unfamiliar . They are not responding to it like I would like since then . In the middle of a barking session they are not even pausing for the sound which I am also saying `` no Bark '' with . My cat however hates the noise and vacates the room everytime .
 Well , it worked for a few days , that is it must have made a sound that scared by dog because he would reel back and then stare at it . But after only a few uses , it stopped working . I realized that the wires that attach to the battery had come undone . I was hoping I could just tape the connection back together , but when I tried to remove the battery , the point of connection broke in half . So it became very quickly a useless black box.It was too late to return it
 worked about two times , now the dogs just ignore it.maybe works for others , item is not bad quality . Just didnt ' work for my dogs .
 Item worked great when we first got it . Today tried to use it but light was faint and did not seem to work on dog . Battery was perfect . So I guess since only thirty days I had to send it back means it only last thirty days .
 When I received this I liked the size of the item . I do know it woke up a sleeping cat but nothing other than that . My dogs were not impacted by it at all . I saw one ear perk up so I know they heard it but just paid no attention to it . This would be a better item if you could fine tune the frequency to the animal you are trying to control . Shipping was quick and it was exactly what I ordered but useless to me for dog control .
 On the first day of testing some dogs seemed to notice it , others did n't . By the second day out , all dogs paid it no mind at all . Being a service tech , I opened it -LRB- easy to do -RRB- and found the oscillator did not always kick start and the switch had to be pressed hard to make turn it on -LRB- merely clicking it did n't always work . -RRB- But even when the oscillator was running -LRB- as shown by an oscilloscope connected to the output to the transducer -RRB- , a small microphone connected to the oscilloscope , 2 inches from the transducer , would only occasionally pick up any output , and that usually quite weak . I think there is something wrong with the transducer . Either that or the dogs in my neighborhood are all deaf . My own dog does n't even turn his head if I blast him with it only 5 feet away -LRB- from behind -RRB- . After writing this I am going to hunt around for a way to contact Amazon for a replacement or refund .
 I have an aussie/husky mix that barks alot so I bought this on a recommendation and when i was training him and he did n't listen i 'd zap him , he noticed it but he just ran away confused . After a while it did n't even affect him . However , I have relatives that have a really small dog , and it works great on her . So it just depends on the dog i think .
 This might work well as a training aid , but it does n't even remotely repel my dog or even make her uncomfortable . So I do n't hold much hope for the neighbors dogs to go running away scared .
 The 9 volt connections were wide but still fit and the unit does come on ... but the dog does n't care.So I would have to say it does n't meet expectations . I do n't see how you could use this to train .
 I can hear it make a noise , my dog does not react at all . Aside from giving my family a good laugh this was a total waste of money and time .
 I am trying to stop a dog next door barking.It has no effect on the dog . -LRB- Great Dane -RRB- I have found the Dog Repeller to be useless !!
 DIDNT WORK ... . AT ALL ... FOLLOWED DIRECTIONS AND NO LUCK ATT ALL . TRIED ON SEVERAL DIFFERENT DOGS AND THE OUT COME WAS THE SAME ... . ME LOSING 10 BUCS !
 The dog just kept barking at us . It did n't care one bit that we used this device . It 's a $ 10 paperweight .
 This product may work on some dogs , but it had no effect on our neighbors dogs when they bark and growl at us . It seemed to piss them off even more .
 My little pit bull definitely notices a sound when I use this , but it barely gets his attention and definitely does n't stop him barking . I use it inside , outside , and up-close , and the effect -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- is always the same .
 I am a letter carrier , and this product is junk . I think dogs can hear something when activated . I say that because when used on a docile dog , you might see a slight reaction from the dog . Nothing spectacular though ... ears perk up , or head turns slightly . It is obviously only a mild sensation.If you plan to use this to ward off agitated dogs all I can say is be prepared to throw this at the dog , because the noise it makes does NOTHING to fend off an excited dog . You would get more of a reaction by yelling loudly , or shaking a tin can full of nails . Do n't waste your time or money on this junk . there may be a product of this type that works , but this is useless !
 This product did not work at all . The batery is good , the light works and the dog totally ignores it , aaor does not hear it at all . But he hears everything else quite well .
 Writing this review as I sit here listening to my neighbors dogs on yet another hours long barking marathon . First thing , the build quality on my unit is terrible so maybe that is why it is n't working -LRB- the battery door does not stay on properly and and it just looks very poorly put together . I wanted this thing to work , I even made sure to use alkaline batteries as recommended but the dogs just keep barking , even when I get as close as a few feet and sticking it in a crack in the fence so there is no barrier . Wasted $ 9.00 and still ca n't enjoy my backyard . : -LRB-
 This item does not work even with being approx 6 feet from barking dog . We purchased to stop dog barking next door . Did absolutely nothing , had to call the dog warden . Pet Parade Dog Repeller and Training Aid
 i tried to use it on my neighbor 's dogs that they leave barking in the backyard while they 're at work . IT DID N'T WORK ! i got right on the fence and pointed point blank at them and IT DID N'T do anything . these dogs are just poodles . i want my money back !
 I had high hopes for this product , unfortunately , it did not live up to them . It was to try to get my yapping neighbor dogs to stop or at least surprise them a bit . They did not even notice the sound . I tried it on my dog , who is extremely sensitive to noise , barely even noticed it . Luckily it was not too expensive , but I would not waste the money on it if I had it to do over again . Oh well ...
 First off , bought new and received open items . As far as the product working , well I 'm not exactly sure . The dog I want to test it on is away for the weekend . I tried it on three cats and I 'm getting mixed signals from all of them , so I 'm not really sure if the cats are responsive to it . I think the problem with the cats is they are used to being around me , so the love must be too overwhelming for them to be scared off , I really do n't know.Now for the story behind the first comment I made . I purchased two based on the reviews I read thinking that I would received two unopened dog repellers . But to my surprise both items had clearly been tampered with , making me wonder do I have non-working dog repellers that others sent back . Shipping was phenominal , but again when you buy something brand new you 'd expect it be come to you unopened .
 I tried to 3 dogs of different ages , did not work , the dogs has no reaction whatsoever .
 I bought it because of the landlord 's big dogbut when I used it once a friend of mine come visiting me , and the dog come directly to me and bite the dame thing . And so is the end of the story of this lousy tool
 So far , this has not repelled any dogs . I have my doubts about it working unless you are right next to the dog .
 Not very impressed with the product . I would n't trust my life with it . Do n't like to use it for training as it 's too cruel for my dog , and it wo n't do anything but aggravate an aggressive dog and make him more likely to attack .
 The product does not work as stated.I feel if could have been a better product.i guess you get what you pay for
 This unit does not work , the dog simply ignores it . Be advised , do n't waste your money on this product . !!!!!!!! Rip off
 This product is basically useless . I ordered it to keep my neighbor 's dog under control when I walk by . As it turns out , the range on this is on the order of inches instead of feet , which makes it just a really bad paper weight .
 The dog obviously hears it , because turning it on makes him back away a bit . But it does n't stop his barking , and he comes right back . Perhaps a good idea in principle , but it needs to be a LOT more powerful than this little toy .
 Put new batteries in it . Pressed button , Light came on and nothing happened . Tried it on 4 different dogs from various ranges and none of them even flinched . Waste of time and money . Return was easy enough though .
 When I received the dog repeller I put in a fresh alkaline battery like required , my dog was sleeping on the couch about 4 feet away so I aimed away from him and pressed the button . Not even a ear flicker so I aimed toward his direction with same results . Next day while doing my walk the yapper I bought this for came up to me yapping , I tried it on her with no results at all . The product does nothing . I would recommend this product to no one .
 We have tried several products to train our dog over the last year . The issue I ran into with this product is that I have no way of knowing if it works or not . We decided to use this to correct his behavior of jumping on just about everyone he sees . He would start jumping , I clicked the button ; he was not phased at all . But like I said , I do not know if the product does not work , he just did n't care about his ears hurting .
 I tested this device on my dog . It had no effect at all . My dog is an Australian shepard with lots of hair around the ears . Maybe the device does n't work on this breed or similar breeds of dogs.I was going to use this device when I jog to deter dog that come after me . But , I do n't think I could trust it . I will look for another solution .
 Cheap junk did n't work at all , and I 've seen another brand in use at a friends that did work should bought the other brand -LRB- bark off -RRB- .
 I purchased this obviously to curb my dog 's barking . I 'd read some of the other reviews and decided to give it a try . I should have listened because this item is crap ! Did n't work AT ALL !
 I ordered this product to help when a dog chases me on my bicycle . I do n't hear the unit do anything and it seems that dogs do n't either . I have tried it up close with different dogs with no results . Waste of money in my case
 After reading the reviews I thought I would get this for my barking dog . Everytime I pointed this at her she barked more . I dont understand how anyone could give it a better rating then 1 star .
 I was disappointed because there were so many good things said about this product . I have a well socialized Mastiff and Rottie . I would say they get along 95 % of the time but sometimes when we give them attention , they sniff each other and begin to fight . I thought this little device would work but it did n't faze them one bit . I did find something that does work do divert their attention away from fighting . I got a big medal pot top and a metal spoon . When they begin to approach each other like they are going to fight , I bang the spoon on the pot top and they stop in their tracks and totally avoid each other , within a few seconds they forget and all is well in the yard . It even startles me at times but no more fights . No more leadership issues anymore and it 's a cheap solution .
 This pet parade dog repeller and training aid no function ... Sincerely , do n't buy or you lose your money . It 's a bad inversion .
 I though this was going to help me to stop my dog from barking so much , well it 's not working . It 's JUNK and it 's not worth the money to send back . Do not buy .
 I bought this to try to reduce my 2 yr old dog 's incessant barking at neighbors , dogs , cats , etc. . He does react to it ... he will look my direction when I press the button at a distance . If I get closer -LRB- within 5 ' -RRB- to try and stop the barking ... he will tend to bark AT it . So unless it is used with some other kind of reinforcement ... it does n't work so well.What has worked is a squirt gun ... he does n't like water . Found this out when I turned the hose on him one time . Now I need to find a squirt gun holster ... and I 'm all set . Showdown at the OK corral .
 I bought this item after reading many reviews about how well it worked . Not sure who wrote the reviews -LRB- probably an employee of the company who made the product -RRB- but the dogs did not respond to it at all !!! I might as well have given them the the command to `` bark '' because they did n't miss a bark and as usual they continued to bark non-stop . It is a total waste of money !!!!!!
 After many successes , I finally made a purchase that did n't work out . I bought this item to help with training a puppy . It does not seem to work at all . One time I thought I saw the puppy raise her ears momentarily , but she did not stop what she was doing.Typically she did not seem to even notice when I tried to use this device . Distance , close or far away , did not seem to matter . Tried two different brand new batteries . This made no difference.The product does not work . I 've returned it .
 The first time I tried this , I had to press the button several times before my dog even noticed it . And then , he only did so with mild interest . My dog is a Great Dane though , I do n't know if it makes a difference , but from what I 've read it seems to work well on smaller dogs , and that may mean that smaller animals have more acute hearing . For instance , my cat HATES it . His ears fold back and he runs off . I was really hoping this would work for my big boy , but he really does n't seem to care .
 Did n't feel this item was as advertised . Expected it to at least minimize my dogs `` sharp '' tone barking , it did n't . Whenever I triggered it all the dog did was turn her head and continue barking .
 This gets the attention of dogs though it is by no means a deterent . If you want to get a dogs attention a loud whistle would be more effective .
 Bought this as well as the birdhouse and neither of them worked well for us . We have 3 Weimaraners and a blue tick healer and if they could laugh at me , they would ... they were curious about the tone but it was far from a deterrent .
 Here 's another one that does n't work . At least it does n't work on a white scottish terrier . This is the second one I 've tried and I wish I would have saved my money . I 'm just going to have to put up with the neighbor 's barking mutt ... !
 Dosent work , dont waste your money . 10 Dogs next door barking at us 24/7 , this does not `` Repell '' anything . Maybe a mouse , but i doubt it . LOL
 My dog definitely knew when I was pushing the button , and it was VERY helpful at getting him to stop some undesirable behaviors . But then after about a week it stopped working
 DID NOT WORK ON MY COCKER SPANIEL AT ALL !!!!!!! However it did work on my Chihuahua , but I got his thing for only my Spaniel -LRB- my Chihuahua is trained -RRB- , so to me , it 's useless . It did not even make a single impression on him . And trust me , his ears are fine . I got so frustrated that I even used it 1 inch from his ear , and absolutely nothing happened ! He even tried to chew it ! Well the box did say that it worked on most dogs , so I ca n't be too upset . Make sure that if you get this product , that it comes with a good return policy just in case it does not work on your dog .
 Either I have an extremely stubborn dog , or this is n't what it 's cracked up to be . I can hear the sound . But I had to try it .
 Tried this out on a few annoying barking dogs in the neighborhood and it did n't really work . It appeared to have worked on a small yap-happy dog but on subsequent trys I got nothing . Also tried on a very agressive dog who was behind a fence and it appeared to only make him more hostile . It 's too bad cause from the previous reviews it sounded like it would work . Really need a larger more expensive unit if you really want to stop incessant barking .
 One star because rating system does not allow zeroes.It freaks the cat out , works well to stop her from whining , but does nothing to barking dogs . I have experimented on numerous small dogs , with it right in their faces . Fresh battery . Barking increased.Do not rely on this as a defense ! Battery case broke off in a 2-foot accidental drop and now I have to use a rubber band to keep the battery lid on.It 's a cheap prank item . I 'm now looking for an air siren , mostly for idiot dog owners who ca n't control their animals . .
 my dog starts barking , and i point at him and he stil barks . sometimes he 'll like flinch of look like something happened , he 'll stop barking for a good 30 seconds and start again . THIS SUCKS .
 I got this to use it on a neighbors barking dog . -LRB- And also tested it on my own dogs . -RRB- They all reacted initially , but then got used to it very fast.I think the initial surprise is very important.Probably not a consistent and persistent solution to dog barking.However may work well to deter an occasional dog that surprises you on your walk .
 Ordered a dog repeller and received a ` no woof - dog training ' aid ... I wanted something to scare mutts away when my mom goes on walks ... this does not look like the one for the job ! very upset and will send this one back .
 I certainly am disappointed that I have a `` product '' that does n't work on my rude neighbors jack russell constant barking . I used it as directed & it had no affect on this breeds aggressive behavior . Now I am out of the money . Oh well , I tried to be nice . I would love to have my money back .
 I purchased this product hoping to reduce the barking from my 3 maltese when someone comes to the door . It worked well for that , however , it began going off even without me pushing the button . Even if it was just sitting in our kitchen drawer it would go off and my dogs would get upset and run away . I have no control over this device and I have to give it a poor recommendation .
 Will work the first time that you use it . But , after the first day the dog will no longer pay any attention to it . Do n't waste your money like I did only to learn that none of these type devices work beyond the first day of use .
 I wasted my money on this . It did not work for my dog or my neighbor 's 4 dogs .
 It did work on the first day we used it . It made the dog stop and look at us . After day one , the dog just ignored it . Even when we placed it next to the dog , the dog kept doing its thing .
 This product do not work no matter how close i get to the dog . The dog kepps barking .
 Cheep plastic ... . Did n't even make the dog blink ... . Barking never changed ... did nothing but take money from my pocket.m NOT RECOMENDED !
 Not happy with this purchased . Dogs continue to bark as if I were 12 inches in front of them . Maybe they have a hearing problem . Would not recommend .
 I bought it and took it with me when I go abroad in Summer holiday . I tried many times but no dog understand or hear the whistle in another country.Maybe this should be used for dogs in US :--RRB- . It was very cheap and it was on time . Thanks
 My dog reacted to the button a few times , but then he responded by barking and biting at the button . I will use other training methods , that will take more work , but end up more effective .
 tried going cheap , my landlady 's dog dislike me and they simply slip away out of range of the repeller.I read this worked for others , but not in my case .
 I 've used this for about two weeks and there has been no effect on the neighbor 's dog who continues to bark at everything because the neighbor just leaves it outside . : -LRB- I just want the dog to not bark while it 's near my window.Oh well .
 So I have 6 pugs and they are extremely annoying and extremely loud and barking in unison . I bought this so I could get them to stop barking whenever someone walked by our house or whenever someone rang the doorbell or even when they are outside and the nextdoor neighbor lets her pitbull out and all hell breaks loose and our dogs start chasing each other back and forth up and down the fence line . It did nothing . Absolutely nothing . Nothing to my pugs and nothing to the stupid pitbull that wo n't stop barking at us through the fence . Its a big P.O.S. !!!!
 Bought 2 of them . First day , got the attention of the dog . After that he did not care . The dig just ignore it completly . Bought the electronic collar and the dog stop barking the first day . So buy the real thing if you want results
 Item must either be defective or it has absolutely ZERO effect on any of my three Morkies . Hate to try it as a dog repeller . Having one 's throat torn out while pushing the button sounds like a whole lot of fun !
 have used amazon for years now they are asking for information that they have already as though i am a new customer . no help from customer service
 I purchased 2 products a cheap on and the other is a bit more costly . I dd that to train my dog -LRB- and others from the neighborhood ... LOL -RRB- . 2 different of these training aids helps in that the pet does not get use to the constant ultra sound -LRB- when misbehaving -RRB- . The thought goes like this ... if we humans can learn to ignore certain sounds ... so can the dogs ! And when i used only this 1 training aid , my dog DID learn to ignore it -LRB- wish i had also opted for the shock collar -RRB- .
 This thing is useless ! Dogs do n't pay any attention at all to this . What a waste of money ! Find some other product but do n't waste your time on this thing .
 Worked the first few times we used it for training of our dogs . After that , even with new batteries , it was useless . Do n't waste your mooney on this one .
 The product broke after only a few weeks of use . Did not repell dogs very well either .
 God I hate small dogs . Got 2 next door , little chicksh * t bastards that bark at everything , but runs away when I confront them ... only to bark at me from 10 feet away . So I bought one of these and it worked , for 1 day . The 1st day I used it , the little demons ran away , the chiwawa actually yelped as if in pain . SWEET ! Unfortunately , those little bastards got used to it the next day . This gadget still works , because as they 're barking at my wife and I press the button , they will look in my direction but keep barking . So $ 11.00 for 1 days of peace . . not worth it . This gadget should be advertised as a dog trainer for indoor use . To give the impression it 'll chase away dogs that is attacking you is just plain irresponsible . It does n't work on chiwawas , and it also had zero effect on the pitbull next door . I think the problem with this gadget is the speaker is so tiny , it 's the size of a dime . Too damn weak . But it did convince me that the concept works . So I 'm going to build my own . Check out youtube , build one out of a strong car tweeter , power it up with a amplifier , add a directional tube , and revenge shall be mine .
 I bought this because we have neighbors with dogs that bark all night long . I had hoped that we would be able to silence them with this product . After days of using it , we saw no results . It was like the dogs heard nothing at all . Maybe this works for other peoples animals , but for us it did n't help at all . I returned this item and am awaiting a refund . Do n't waste your money ...
 This item has no ON/OFF switch , and as soon as the battery was installed , it made a loud ` pop ' which apparently indicated that it blew out the device , since it is not working . Tried a second battery , just to be sure if the first one -LRB- fresh package of batteries we bought SPECIFICALLY to use with this -RRB- might have been dead , but aside from making the same loud ` pop ' , the device remained completely dead . There is an LED light on the device , which is apparently supposed to light up to indicate that the device worked when the button is pushed , but it has never lit on any of the occasions when I have pushed the button , and if the device makes any sound , my dogs do n't hear it . Most annoying part is that I can not find the packaging to return it .
 I bought this thinking it would get the dog 's attention but that lasted about 5 minutes -LRB- and even then it was a small reaction -RRB- . I could put the unit within 3 feet of our dog and it would not even cause her to turn her head much less create some diversion to attract her attention . It does seem to work with my daughter 's dog -LRB- a pug -RRB- but not our dog -LRB- a Shiba Inu -RRB- . I do know for a fact that she has great hearing since she always seems to know when a car pulls up into our driveway . So I guess , it may depend on the type of dog that you have as to whether this device will work . By the way , I gave it to my daughter and it seems to work for her .
 This item worked great for about 2 weeks . Then it DIED !! My Mom bought one because she was so impressed with mine . Hers quit working after a week . Save your money and find something that is going to last !! It would be a great item if it was made to last longer than a few weeks .
 Bought this because my dog barks constantly at everyone and everything . Tried this product , he just looked at me and kept on barking . I could tell that he could hear it , but it was n't enough to deter him from barking . The button also sticks on it .
 does n't work . I point it at the dog and it does n't affect him one bit .
 I do n't know why they call this item a dog repeller , my dog comes when I push it sometimes . It will get her attention as long as she is not really interested in something else . I had purchased it hoping to repell dogs that are off leash that would come up to us when we are out walking , since my dog growls and wants to start a fight with with these dogs . Since I do n't know if it will attract or repell these same dogs I have n't tried it in this situation . Hope this review helps.J.P .
 I have toy Poodles who love to bark ! I got this device yesterday in the mail , clicked it once and my smallest female has been terrified ever since . She normally is a happy playful little thing and ever since I clicked it once she has been shaking , completely terrified and wimpering . All she is doing is hiding in my bed ! My other Poodles reacted with the same effect , just not as severe . HORRID , I just smashed it with my foot and it is in the trash ! No WAY will I terrify my kids with the thing . You ca n't hear the noise it makes but apparently it makes a noise a dog can hear and it is really loud and scarey to them ! This thing sucks ! I wish Amazon gave me the option for negative stars ! DO NOT USE THIS ON YOUR SMALL DOGS !
 5 small dogs in yard behind my home go on barking sprees at all hours , lasting long periods . The device only served to stimulate some of them into more barking . A waste of money . Would have been great IF it had worked .
 It does n't work , I would like to return it , but not sure it would be worth sending it back .
 Let me first by saying that I did n't have '' high hopes '' for this product to begin with when purchasing it . I figured ahhh for $ 10 bucks what the heck . .50 / 50 shot right ??? Bad Move !!! I LOST ... This thing does not even work a little bit ! In fact I think it works the COMPLETE OPPOSITE and pisses the Dog/s off more that you 're pointing it at . That is exactly what happened to me when I tested it . I walk past my neighbor 's Killer Dogs everyday which I can NOT stand at all . I thought I had something to make it an '' EVEN '' match ... . WRONG !!! I pointed it at these 2 dogs -LRB- German Shepard , Rotweiler -RRB- and they basically got '' mader '' and barked louder and got more vicious . This product is a GIMMICK and DOES NOT WORK AT ALL !!! Save your $ 10 bucks for something useful.I had more fun SMASHING this thing into 1 million pieces , then I did using it ! : -RRB-
 I bought this to silence my neighbors dog , and it did nothing at all . I would not recommend it for this function , but can not speak for dog training .
 Do not waste your money ... was 5 feet from several dogs and they just turned their heads to look at me . No running , barking , or even trying to avoid me ... this thing is garbage .
 I 'll give it credit , it shut my dogs up ... but it stopped working in 3 days ... save yourself the trouble and do n't buy it .
 We have a 6 month old Weimaraner and bought this to use so she does not jump on people and pull on a lead . It did not work for either purpose . We also ordered the $ 25 unit by another company . We have not gotten it yet but hope it will work .
 I have 3 dogs . It only works with 2 of them . One of my dogs tottaly ignores the sound . The range is a problem too . Too short .
 This seems to somewhat work on some dogs . Some dogs -LRB- perhaps older ones -RRB- do n't seem to hear it or be bothered by it . Some dogs do seem to hear it and are repelled slightly . I have n't found any dog that is `` significantly '' repelled by it . I can say though , that I certainly ca n't hear anything myself -LRB- neither can my wife or child -RRB- except the button click when it is activated and de-activated .
 I 'm not sure if it 's not loud enough , or my dog does n't care about the noise but it does n't appear to bother him at all . I can tell it 's working because ifyou hold it up to your ear you can hear a really high pitch noise .
 The dog next door is a large Boxer mix that barks at everything . I tried this on her , and it did not phase her in the least . She just kept barking , even though I pointed it right at her from only a couple feet away . The neighbors poor cat , though , who was standing next to me , cowered and trembled in fear when I tried it on the dog , and looked at me as if to say `` why are you making that horrible noise !?! '' So , this is of absolutely no use to me . I like the cat , and do n't want him to be afraid . I have nothing against the dog , either , aside from the out-of-control barking ... The dog just needs training , but this is NOT the tool to do it , obviously : -LRB-
 I got this to teach my dogs not to bark at my neighbor coming and going . Previously owned a different one , the Lentek PD01C Ultra Sonic Dog Off Trainer , and that one WORKED . I got the cheaper one this time , and it was just money down the drain , because I had to buy another Lentek device anyway .
 So I got this thing thinking that it would repel dogs and potentially cause the some annoyance . When i got it , i was a bit skeptical , but still opened it and stuck in a battery . First test was on my pet chihuahua that is roughly 12 pounds . I stood about 5 feet away per the instructions and pressed the button . My dog kinda stared at me for a second tilted its head and continued staring at me like he was thinking `` what are you up to now ... '' I feared the worst that this product was just a waste of money and i had bought nothing more than a useless toy . I wanted to make sure the unit was at least making noise like the product description described , and low and behold it did make a faint high bitched sound when placed close to my ear . Next i thought maybe im too far away so i moved closer to about a two feet in front of my dog and he had the same reaction ... So my conclusion is either -LRB- 1 -RRB- my dog is deaf and cant hear the noise , -LRB- 2 -RRB- the noise does n't bother my dog , or -LRB- 3 -RRB- the noise this unit produces only affects certain dogs . Because this is only $ 10 , its not worthwhile to return and i will try this with other dogs to see if there is one that is affected ...
 Our neighbor has 2 chocolate labs who bark at anything that moves , including us . They can see us just barely through the fence . I tried this looking at other reviews . What did I get ? Less money in my bank account . Simply put ... it did not work . They did not even flinch . In fact , I could have swore they barked MORE ! All I know is that in my case it did not work . Note to everyone that has cats ... DO NOT test this inside . They REALLY do not like it . Maybe this should be called a cat repellant ?
 We bought this in hopes of shutting up our neighbor 's neglected dogs so we could maybe enjoy our neighborhood again . We were kind of desperate since our complaints to the neighbor have been ignored.When the dogs are barking because they 're bored the device works okay . We point it at them and press the button and they go running into their little dog house where they stay quiet for a good 15 minutes.However , when the dogs are barking at something good , say the other neighbor 's cat or a squirrel , the device does n't do anything at all . The dogs will look over at us for a second when we hit the button but then they go right back to barking again.This may work just fine as a training aid for your own dog , but using it on someone else 's dogs sure does n't work .
 I got this many months ago and have tried using it on walks to stop dogs from running up to me barking . It seems to only work on one out of every twenty dogs on average . It has never worked on a big dog but does occassionally seem to deter smaller dogs . Keep in mind that it hard to tell if the dog just decided to run another way/stop barking or if the repeller was really working . So it may not be working on any dogs . The other problem with it is that the battery does not fit very well and so you ca n't close it properly . However , I knew the battery was in because a red light turns on and if you hold i up to your ear you can hear a high pitched soft sound . Overall , I 'd suggest looking for a different dog repeller/training aid .
 I am desperate for something to stop my neighbor 's dog from barking since they make no effort to . I had tried 2 other units outside and figured maybe this one that I can do myself when it barks would do the trick . It did nothing ! I am about 15-20 feet away , point the thing at the dog and it sure does not seem to notice anything ! I need something that works !!!!
 Did nothing for my pomeranian . The first time I used it she tilted her head and looked like `` what was that ? '' . I used it again the next day when I caught her chewing the furniture and she did n't respond at all . It may work well for some but not for my dog .
 Bought this product to use on dogs that come out after me and my wife on our walks . I was looking forward to seeing if it worked . Last night a yellow lab came out after us and I pushed the button - nothing . It jumped on me and I literally had the darn thing in the dogs ear - nothing , no reaction whatsoever . I should have hit the dog over the head with it , maybe that would have repelled the dog .
 We read all the reviews and had high hopes for this item working for us ... it did n't . We have a 7 month old Standard Poodle ... maybe he has too much hair in his ears but it did not work for him . It also did n't work on the Shelties that bark their heads off next door . Thinking everyone that gave this item good reviews had a postage stamp sized backyard , only way it would work on your neighbors dogs . I would not recommend this item for outside at all . It did help in the house if you were only a couple feet from him , but otherwise , no go .
 I owned this product for about 2 months . Although I never had a confrontation , it appeared to work based on dog and cat reactions when engaged . Two problems , the battery cover would not fit when the battery was installed -LRB- I had to secure with tape -RRB- . It stopped working and assumed it was the battery . It was n't . It 's toast . I plan to buy another but a different brand .
 I bought this as a training aid to teach my puppy not to bark at people . He does n't even pay attention to it . I stood probably 2 feet away and he ignored it . I do n't know whether it 's simply that he is a puppy and has the attention span of a goldfish or if it really is just a piece of junk . Either way , it did n't work for me .
 It appears that to be effective , the user of this devise must be just a few feet from the animal . Personally , I do n't care to get `` thisclose '' to a biting dog . I think carrying a big stick or golf club would work much better .
 I give it one star because it actually did something , but it did n't do much . Tried it out on several dogs and they looked at it and cocked their heads , but none of the three dogs I tried it on were bothered enough to walk , much less run away . I took the battery out and threw it away after that .
 We had no problems from amazon , like usual . The product was shipped when it was supposed to , and arrived on time . That 's the good part . The bad part was the product . When we got it , we tried it as our dog barked , and it quited him down -LRB- by making him run into the other room -RRB- , but as soon as we took our finger off the button , he was back . The very next day , part of the speaker broke and rendered the product useless . We tried to fix it , but there was n't any way we could , nor would it have been worth it to try .
 So i both this pet parade dog repeller because it had good review of people oh yeah it works this and that . Its all lies people dont waiste your money on this . It dosent work at all its useless . I both it to use it on my 5month old husky because he never stops barking when his inside his cage . Once i receive it i was so excited now shipping was fast . But once i when outside my dog was barking none stop i pointed the repeller ar him and press the button he raise his ears because he did hear the noise just for one second he stop barking . But after that he didnt care its a useless repeller it dosent work on dogs at all . I sure dont recommend this product as always the cheaper it is the more is useless and its made in china who figure .
 Maybe if there were one barking dog and you were right in front of it this gadget would work ... but the four snarling beasts next door to me remain unfased . Kind of a waste of time and money . The police coming however did seem to help : -RRB-
 goes through too many batteries and results are unpredictable . Works sometimes ... then sometimes it does n't . I do n't like changing batteries everytime I use it .
 Tried using it ... the dogs actually thought its a new feeding device for them ... so they sat closer to me than ever . . this device is a junk and the manufacturer is making lot of money just by selling an led in plastic casing at the cost of $ 11 . .
 Seems to work only within a few feet of the animal and as a distraction at best . Would not depend upon it for protection .
 After being `` convinced '' by all the positive hype on this product , I decided to purchase it . Once it arrived , I installed the battery and it powered on fine . I proceeded to my backyard where my neighbor 's nuisance of a dog was barking and , to my DISMAY , the dog barked even MORE as I aimed the unit -LRB- to the dog -RRB- and pressed the button on the top . My distance between me and the dog was less than 3ft away yet , after several attempts with this `` repeller '' , it did NOT work to its specification . So , now I 'm left with a dog next door that still continues to bark like there 's no tomorrow.The only good I got out of this was that it was only chump-change to purchase it . Had I 'd known from the get-go that it was completely ineffective , I would n't have bought it . I 'm only surmising that all the rave reviews over this were written by people who work for the company or are getting some kind of kick-back for this product . For those who are considering purchasing this unit , bear in mind you get your money 's worth and buyer BEWARE . Out of a possible 5-stars , I give it a -1 .
 This device does not seem to work on any dog at any distance . Unfortunately , it took a while to find this out , and by then I was past the return date of the product . Very is disappointing .
 I 've tried this product but to no avail ... it does not get the attention of the three small dogs of my neighbors.I plan to return the product . . does not do as advertised .
 if you buy this you make a mistake . if you believe that the dog will scare by this product will make the beegest mistake that you ever did .
 I bought this to help train our new Papillon puppy . He just looked at it with curiosity than started licking it as though he enjoyed it . Same response Every time . The only pets this thing sent running or disturbed was our cats . If I could return this THING I Would ! I 'm Not Happy With This Purchase , and I surely would n't recommend it . Serious waste of money for what I was needing it for , and now it 's heading for the recycling bin.I purchased it because of the Positive Reviews and Cost . Hindsight ... I should 've went with my first choice , even though it was more expensive . Choose Wisely ... Because I Surely Did n't .
 September 29 , 2011DON ' T LIKE THE FALSE RETURN REASON !!! ---------------------------------------------------- I just receive the following email from Amazon , but the Reason for Refund is TOTALLY FALSE ! Your Reason for Refund - Account adjustment ???????? The Real Reason for Refund should be for RECEIVING DEFECTIVE ITEM !!! I understand there is an limitation in correcting your system , but if it is NOT corrected , the product quality may not improve.I am very concern with the Real Return Reason.This matter makes me VERY UNSATISFIED !!! September , 12 , 2011I REALLY DO N'T LIKE THIS DOG REPELLER ! IT DID N'T WORK EVEN ON 1 MONTH OLD DOGS !!!!! ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- It did n't work at all on large and small dogs !!! I even tested on some new born puppies less than 1 month . They were threatening me ! OMG ! It did n't work even at 1 month old dogs !!! I expect it will work fine , but I am very Disappointed to get that Unused Product !!! Please proceed refund immediately !!! I want it fully refunded !!!
 does not work , they send a complaint by mail saying that no animals repels me replied that it was for training only , if the label says animal repellent.do not buy !
 I would save your money and go another route than this product . My boxer would occasionally give me a quizzical look , then continue what he was doing when I tried this on him . My smaller Yorkie seemed to be more sensitive to it .
 I bought this product because I ride my bike for exercise and thought it might help with the dog 's chasing me . This did not work for me at all . I used it on my dogs here at home and it worked but only because I was about 2 feet away from them . The range is just not far enough to help me on a bike , and I do n't like the idea of letting a dog get that close to me on a bike either , my mistake in purchasing this product with such a limited range .
 I bought this to try and stop my dog from barking every time someone walks past our house . I can tell she hears the noise but it 's done nothing to stop the barking , unfortunately . It was inexpensive , so worth a try , but it did n't work for me .
 Okay , so I buy many different things from Amazon and the way I base my purchases are mainly from reviews and seeing that this item had many good reviews , I figured it would n't hurt to take a chance with this.WORTHLESSSSS !!! I have two beagles and they both did not event respond to the sound . I thought perhaps the battery was bad , so I went and got new batteries . Still no luck . I held it up to my face and activated it and I could hear it ; but my dogs had no effect to the sound . They just went on barking and I pointed it at other dogs and no effect either.Don ' t waste your money guys the only thing this thing is repelling is my future business .
 Bought this in an attempt to quiet several neighborhood dogs . They do n't even react to it in any way from as little as 10 feet away . Total waste of time and money .
 this product is cheaply made.doesnt seem to work on all dogs . everytime i go to use mine , the button is stuck down . what do you expect for $ 9.99
 May work for some , but did n't for our aussie/collie mix . Pushed button , she looked at it with head cocked , then ambled on . No response at all when used . Nice idea , but ...
 This thing scares our cat half to death if it 's activated with 10 feet of it . Cat tears off into another room to hide . However , the extremely annoying dog 20 feet away from our back door is unfazed by this device . Just not powerful enough . Better results by spraying neighbors dog with the garden hose.Overpriced for what it is .
 this item does not work as described I both own a dog and have 2 annoying German Shepherds for neighbors and both my dog and the neighbors just stare at me like what are you pointing at us roof roof roof !
 My boyfriend met someone who has a three year old Doberman pincher while working . The man showed him how his Doberman runs away at a press if a button . This man said it was a great training tool because he used it to train his dog not to jump on people , stay off furniture , or to quit barking unnessacerly.So impresses my boyfriend came home and wanted one so we could try to get our one year old yellow lab to behave a little better . Yes , our lab knows basic commands but still had a few problems like jumping on people.When it finally came , we began to use it as the instructions said . The man who also had one used the same instructions , It became more of a toy than a training aid . Our dog would hear it , but then would become extremely hyper and wound up . He would see it in our hands and think it was a toy and snip at it or try to take it away , He became a poor listener of commands . Our cats however run from the room the second they hear it.We have had this for over a month and really have n't seen a change in our dogs bad behavior . Even tho the product says it usually takes two weeks , but for some dogs it may not work or may take longer to train . Guess in their words our dog is harder to train . I would look into other training options before getting this .
 We have used a product that looked just like this one in the past . It worked great ! This one however has been a serious disappointment . It does n't work at all .
 Useless . I bought this to try and deter my dog from barking so much . I 've got a cockapoo and she does n't respond at all when we push the button .
 The dog repeller arrived in time . From the various reviews that I 've read online , dog repellers may work in some cases and not others . In my case , we have 2 small dogs next door and bark every time we walk into the back yard . So this purchase was for the purpose of quieting them down so that we gain our peace back while in the back yard.I tried this product on the Maltese . When I triggered the ultrasound , she continues barking at me . Whether or not she hears the sound is not relevant as this product did not change her behavior.I think I will continue my quest for a good alternative .
 The annoying neighborhood dogs did flinch when button depressed , but only a couple of times . Packaging states it is `` inaudible to humans '' - this is NOT true . My entire family heard it - and it hurts !! Not sure whether it 's defective or just false advertising ... I 've contacted the seller for a return .
 I bought this item to help control my dog 's barking , that of my neighbor 's dogs , and to help control any aggressive dogs we encountered on our walks . This thing did n't work on any of the dogs we tried it on -- absolutely no affect at all . Save your money .
 The products works after a fashion , but is very limited because of its 6 ' range .
 My dog put his ears up the first time i used it and stopped , after that he just ignored it likes its not even their . Waste of money
 Worked for the first few days , got the dog 's attention very fast . Stopped working after a week . JUNK .
 As I had read in other reviews , the battery back does not still on and I had to tape it . I have 3 small dogs and they seem to respond to the repeller only if they are not too excited . I have a little more peace . If they get too excited , the repeller does not work . Also , if I am in a different room then the dogs , it does not work .
 I got this item to try and train my dogs to stop barking when friends come over to the house . I do n't mind them barking to let me know someone is here but once I know who it is or that there 's no danger , I want them to stop . This device did NOTHING for either dog -LRB- 7 year old lab , 1 year old shepherd -RRB- . They did seem to hear it as their ears twitched a little , but it was n't strong enough to really get their attention . I do n't think this would work if a pit bull ran up to you , either ! Do n't waste your money on this .
 This item was purcheased for the purpose of seeing if it did what it says it does , it does not . I am a Military Working Dog Trainer and we used this item on 20 K-9s ranging from Sheps , Mals , Labs and mixed breeds . The K-9s ranged from high drive to low drive and no drive at all . Everytime it was used not one dog was effected by it . Do not waste your money .
 Our new neighbor has dogs that keep barking at us when we are outside in our yard playing with our kids . These dogs sound very scary and they frighten the kids . Sometime they would ram the fence like they are trying to get through . We bought this device in hopes that we can quiet them down a bit . We tried it a 15ft , 10ft , 5ft , and even at 1ft . IT DOES N'T WORK.We recycled it because we figured the time and cost to return it would have cost more than it 's worth.BTW , I installed a new 9v battery and the LED comes ON when the button is pressed .
 I have 2 dogs and I wanted to use this for training them to not jump on our guests or doing other bad things in the house . It works great on my 3yr old and will respond to it by stopping anything she is doing and just look at me . Now my 1 year old ... . he could care less about the sound . He just keeps doing his thing like he does not hear anything .
 This product does n't work ! I have a morkie that is a puppy , and I wanted to train her not to bark while outside . When she started barking , I pressed the button . The light came on , but it did n't phase her at all ! I decided to change out the battery just in case . I put in a brand new battery , but it still did n't help . She continued to bark , and even tries playing with it while wagging her tail ! I ca n't even get a reaction at all , not even acknowledges that she 's hearing anything different . I read mixed reviews on this product , and thought I 'd try it since it was so cheap . Well , I can honestly tell you guys , it does not work . Do n't bother trying it like I did . I know there are products like this that do work because I 've seen it in person . I 'm a home health nurse , and I had a patient who had a Yorkie that constantly barked during out visit . He had bought a device and switched it on and it worked ! The dog stopped barking right away , and never barked again with future visits . So I know there are devices that work , just not this one . I tried this one out for you . Take my advice and try something else . If not , you will be writing a similar review for this product !
 5 Stars to functionality , but -4 for the amazingly cheap manufacture only a * made in china * can made , really bad quality materials , lid broke while installing battery and battery cord just broke with no reason ! now is useless really crappy manufacturing/materials .
 My neighbor has an extremely annoying and aggressive pitbull . I have literally had to call animal control because it will escape the fense and I have a 20 month old son . I attempted to talk to the neighbor , but he is unwilling to do anything about it . So , I decided to get this . Well , to my dismay this thing does NOT work AT ALL . I put it up to my ear and can hear the high pitched sound , but the dog has absolutely no response . It just barks and barks and barks . So , I guess it 's back to calling animal control every other day . Lame .
 The good news , it does make a sound too faint for most people . I can hear it faintly if I point it towards myself and am about 6 inches from my ear.The bad news it seems to have a range of about 6-10 inches . Took that just to get the cat to move its ears and look at me funny . The dog did nothing . Same with neighbors dogs.Repeller , perhaps if I threw it.I do not like to give negative reviews , but this is a waste of time and money .
 Okay I was having problems with my Black Lab barking at random times . I tried this and for the first few days it worked somewhat . But then after a few days he got used to it and just continued to bark . I even tried this on the neighbor dog within a reasonable distance and it did n't work for that dog . Waste of money .
 I had heard so many good reviews about this product and was excited and desperate to give it a try for one of our large chronic barking dogs . I was so disappointed when it did n't work . Maybe it 's a better product for smaller yappers . Curious if other people have had better success with larger dogs than me that can give a positive review .
 I am sorry to say , but this product does n't work , at all for either of my dogs . I would not suggest this product to anyone . SORRY
 I found this item to be a total waste of money . It does not work at all . If it was not such a hassle I would have returned it but was not worth the money to ship it back .
 I read the good reviews and thought that this would be a great investment . NOT !!!!!!!!! I bought this device for my black lab puppy who had become a nuisance barker . My mother has shih-tzus and it worked on those dogs . When I tried it on my lab he just kept barking , and barking and barking . It did n't even phase him . The worst part is that it only lasted for a day and a half . Now it doesnt even work . Completely broken !!! I wasted 13.00 dollars on this device only for it to be of no help what so ever . I am lucky that I did n't purchase it to protect myself from big dogs . It would have left me defenseless . I do not recommend this device to anyone . I am going to buy a bark collar instead . Pay the money and spring for something a little more expensive . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 My dogs tried to attack me when i pressed the button and at times get angry and bark or just sit and moan .
 Worked for one day then stopped . I would not recommend its purchase by anyone unless you are giving to an enemy .
 WAIST OF MONEY !!!! Gave it 1 star only cause I could n't give it 0 stars should 've kept my money my dog looks at me like I 'm crazy when I point that thing at him he does n't care that thing does n't do anything !!!
 The battery compartment on this unit is poorly designed . You ca n't quite get the battery in right and the door closed all the way . The battery slot is too small and the leads to the 8V connector too short . I tried this thing on 3 different dogs at various ranges . There was no effect at all . I 'd rather use an old fashion dog whistle where I can tell it 's working .
 Too bad I ca n't rate this with a negative star . This repeller did n't work at all . Our dog was unfazed by it and even licked it !
 I got this hoping it would stop our dogs from barking whenever someone would come to the door , but unfortunately it dont work at all .
 It may very well work as a training aid . I do n't know as I did not try it as such . However , for a dog repeller it is n't worth a diddly squat . After two months of testing it I withdrew my battery and pitched it . The repeller , not the battery . I can tell that dogs do not like the sound that it emits . But so far as stopping an aggressive dog , forget it .
 I am planning on returning this item . Does not work for my dog . I have an Italian Greyhound/mix and she does n't even flinch when I push the button . Maybe it works on other dogs but not mine . I would not recommend this item .
 Our dog did not like the sound the first time he heard it , but after that , just ignored it and barked at people like he had before , maybe even more .
 I was really hoping this item would work . I have two labrador puppies , a male and a female , from the same litter . The female barks for attention , when I get her food ready , when she 's unhappy about something , etc. , etc. . This device has pretty much no effect on her at all . A few times I thought that maybe it was having an impact , but I 've come to believe that she is simply responding to my voice . That 's fine , even better than responding to the electronic device , but I believed the hype surrounding this product , and for me the hype does n't pan out .
 After purchasing a 6v battery , I found that the connecting wired pieces within the item matched up to fit the exact size of the 6v battery connectors . In other words , I could not insert the 6v battery . No way . I am surprised that people of reviewed this product who were able to try it out .
 I 've bought two ... the first one , the casting mechanism got jammed and I could n't unjam it . The second one broke with 2 uses.Instead of paying another $ 20 for this thing , I went to a local Walmart and bought a child 's fishing rod for $ 6 and tied a plushy mouse to it . 3 years later , it 's still working and loads of fun !
 My puppy did n't like these . She did chew one of them a little bit but did n't seem interested in it after the one time . I do n't know if it was the taste or the consistency but she just did n't like it . I would not buy them again.I was glad they are small enough for a little dog or puppy . I have a morkie and she is only 5lbs at 3 months old so finding small things for her to chew is a challenge sometimes .
 My dog does n't use them and has no interest . She 's a 3 month old boxer teething and prefer 's chewing on the plastic handle of the cat 's brush .
 dog wo n't even touch it . . has no smell at all and a dog wont chew on something that does n't smell good to them . . do not recommend this product at all
 I brought my pup one of this when he started to finish his Puppy Nylabone too quickly . At first he did n't take it because it did n't smell like anything . I slowly played with him with this bone and he took it . Then he just ripped them into huge chunks ! He even swallowed some and vomited afterward ! This are way too soft they should make it a bit stronger and add more flavoring .
 As of this writing I have been waiting more than 3 weeks and never got my pet food . I ordered directly from the manufacturer , not from National Pet Pharmacyor PetFoodDirect . The Back to Basics company did not respond to 2 email inquiries . When I called they indicated I should have my pet food `` probably next week '' . Update
 I would give this product zero stars -LRB- or negative stars -RRB- if I could . This product is awful ! I had been using Revolution , and though it worked really well , I realized I was out and overdue to treat my cat . I was in the grocery store , and I happened to see Sergeant 's in the pet isle , so I decided to try it . I figured that this product has been around since I was a little kid , so it must still exist after all these years for a reason . So I used Sergeant 's Gold on my cat , and he put up an enormous fight , which is unusual for him . He fought off my husband and me as if we were trying to kill him . He has been skittish since , and keeps hiding . If he sees me hold anything in my hand , he runs in case it 's more of this product . So then I got suspicious and googled this product , and saw I should never have used it . There are postings from vets and vet techs who have treated cats and dogs for poisoning after this product was used as directed . My cat was right ; I actually did something very , very , very bad by using this product . I feel terrible that I did this to him . It would have been far better to be a few days late and use the right stuff instead of Sergeant 's . There are other products that are far less toxic . Now I know the dirty secret that this product is around because it is cheap , not because it is any good . There are many people who have reported serious problems with this product at :[ ... -RSB- I will never , ever buy a pet product again without googling it first , or without having a recommendation from my vet .
 I had bought this and applied it on my cat from my local grocery store before reading all the reviews here . I flipped and gave my cat a bath with Dawn and water , and he 's fine . At the Vet today to treat the fleas , I asked him about this product and he confirmed that it really DOES work as a neurotoxin on many -LRB- but not all -RRB- cats . I would * NOT * risk treating your animals with this product . Just spoke to my grocer and they 're going to look into pulling this product from their shelves .
 My cat 's been on this spot for a full month now & I 've just pulled 4 live fleas off of her . I followed what little info was included , no way it 's user error from such little info . I 'll be calling for a refund in the am .
 I tried this product on two cats who had fleas . This product was not effective in killing the existing fleas or breaking the flea life cycle . I do not recommend this product .
 We used this product on our pet and she had TERRIBLE reactions . Look up reactions with this product from google . Many people 's pets DIE from this . The pets will convulse and cry for days . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 Do not use this product . I used it on my cat and it caused blisters on her skin , then her hair fell out in those places . And it did not kill the fleas .
 I bought this for my kitty . She promptly vomited , has been withdrawn , drinking tons of H20 to clean her system and to top it off , the product did zilch to stop fleas . Never , ever buy this garbage . Save yourself some heartache and pay an extra ten bucks .
 i am giving this one star because you ca n't go any lower . This product does not work . I bought it , because it 's so much cheaper than advantage and frontline . Treated both my cats , both still have fleas -LRB- i have not had fleas in my house since the first time i used advantage , probably a decade ago , used it once , never saw a flea again , till now . now i think they are coming over from my neighbor -RRB- after the treatment , so went back to advantage -LRB- which i have n't had to use as mentioned earlier -RRB- . They were just treated with advantage , so i can rest easy now knowing the fleas are history . Do yourself a favor , spend the extra to get a product that actually kills the fleas .
 This specifically just killed a very dear friend of mines cat . This product should not be on the shelves at all as it 's obviously killing animals .
 I bought Sergeants Gold because it was cheaper and it was sold at a reputable store therefore I assumed it would be fine . If I had bought this online and saw all of the reviews I never would have purchased it . I put it on my cat as directed , and she began scratching all of her hair off in the area where it was applied . A vet bill later and at least my cat did n't die as noted in some of the other reviews.My vet noted that she has seen a lot of issues with this product , and that she has also seen it end in death for other animals . I do n't understand how this company is in business or how . I really regret not having researched this product more before I used it .
 I received this product at a Pet Expo as a giveaway . I used it on my two papillons one evening a few weeks ago when I could n't find the Frontline I had purchased . By the next morning , both dogs were behaving erratically . One became reclusive , hiding under beds and chairs , moving with quick jerks when going from one place to another , scratching profusely . The other was extremely agitated , itching profusely , running in circles , darting and rolling around , crying , distracted , hiding in his crate . His skin became extremely red , appeared to be burned . His behavior was unrecognizable and he was MISERABLE . I called Sergeant 's and spoke at least three times over the next few days to their specialists reporting the symptoms . They were well aware of these reactions and advised me to wash the dogs three times with dish soap . Then apply Vitamin E oil to the area where the product was applied . After three shampoos and use of the Vitamin E , it still took four or five days before the dogs returned to normal . This is clearly a VERY TOXIC product and should be avoided at all costs ! It is appalling that this product is still on the market as it is well documented all over the place -LRB- now that I have searched -RRB- how poisonous it is for pets . Stick to FRONTLINE !
 I applied Sergeant 's Gold Flea and Tick squeeze-on to my 9 year old cats on Sunday . By Monday I noticed neither of them had eaten anything and had very little to drink . By Wednesday , the female was eating and drinking again , but not with her usual enthusiasm . The male was still not eating more than a nibble , he acted hungry but seemed to be turned off by his food once he tried to eat . He was drinking reasonably well . The male was dropping weight at an alarming rate by Thursday . The fur on one side of his body was starting to pill and matte . He was still active , alert , affectionate and purred when I cuddled him but rejected every kind of food I tried to coax him to eat . I gave him some cat nip which he ate with gusto . This may have helped any nausea he was experiencing . I gave him a bath , using my usual dish soap , to wash the Sergeants off . Almost immediately , he started to eat his food , sprinkled with the cat nip !! At this point I had researched the Sergeants product and learned about the awful symptoms it produces in pets . It took me a couple of days to connect the dots but I am certain they had a reaction to the product . My vet warned me many years ago to NEVER use over the counter flea prevention on my pets . I have used expensive , vet prescribed brands up till now . I was trying to save money so I used the Sergeants . I have so much regret !! I think my cats will be fine . Both are behaving normally , and as of today , both are eating . I washed the product off the female also . The reports of far more serious symptoms make me realize how much worse this could have been .
 I bought this thinking it would be something good to use since all the vet/animal stores in town that sold what I usually bought were closed . I put it on my girls ... and less than 24 hours they were super sick . So then I went and read online about it , read about how it was killing many cats AND dogs both ! Most in about 24-48 hours ! I talked to my vet and got my girls nice and clean but will be keeping a close watch on them for the next 24 hours . Be warned this is NOT a good product and I can not believe they are even allowed to sell it . DO NOT buy this product and if you did do NOT use it . If you did already put it on your pet go and wash them in Dawn dish soap 3-4 times !
 I got this for my kitten after I spotted some fleas on him . It is supposed to work IMMEDIATELY , 3 days later I am using a flea comb because the fleas are still alive and well and I do n't want to risk any more toxic treatments until the 3 week period is up . Awful , waste of money .
 This product is extremely cheap compared to the major brands like Frontline and Advantage , so I was concerned it was too good to be true when I bought it for my cat Sprinkles . Turns out I was correct . My cat did n't die or get sick or anything like you see in the other one-star reviews . I applied the product properly and it did n't work at all . Sprinkles had a large number of fleas weeks and months after using Sergeant 's Gold . Thank God this garbage product is only $ 10 or I would be furious about my wasted money.Thankfully I did learn that it does n't work to be cheap about your pets . I 'm also lucky my cat did n't get sick . I ended up going to the vet and getting a more expensive flea treatment , but at least it worked and my cat is doing great ! Look for a better brand than Sergeant 's Gold .
 This is a known poison used in nerve gas . It will make your animal terribly sick , and can even kill it . If you call the company and complain hard enough they will pay for the vet bills , but they should really ban this product .
 I live in an area where there are about half a dozen stray cats . The neighbor feeds them and they keep coming back . I 've tried playing with them before , but they would have no part of it ... except for one grey cat that looked as though she had n't eaten in a month.I put food out for her and brought her inside when it was time for treats or worming medicine ... all went perfectly fine ... she was getting chunky and was a happy cat . I planned on adopting her and allowing her to live inside with me , permanently , but decided to treat her for fleas first.I bought `` Sargeant 's Gold Squeeze On for Cats and Kittens Over 5 lbs '' and applied the medication . The following day when I saw Lola , it looked like she was still wet where I put the medicine ... it is ridiculously oily . The day after , I noticed her hair had fallen out . I thought to myself ... `` well , that 's strange , maybe she got in a fight and it 's just coincidence ? `` The next few days , she was decreasingly active ... she would respond more slowly when I called her to come in for food , and when she came in she would barely eat anything at all . I have n't seen the cat in three weeks ... so I ca n't say for sure that this medication treats fleas and ticks , or that it kills cats - but I can tell you for sure that whatever it did , it changed Lola and she 's not coming around anymore ...
 DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT . Put this product on my cat as directed . She seemed confused , did n't play as usual or eat or take her usual nap . Just happened to check side effects of this product and found an incredible number of people who lost their pets to this POISON . Luckily I had enough sense to wash it off with a mild soap and she seems to be getting back to her normal self but I wo n't be satisfied until I 'm certain she 's out of the woods . WHY HAS N'T THE PRODUCT BEEN TAKEN OFF THE MARKET AND WHY IS AMAZON CARRYING IT ?!? @
 I wish I had read the reviews . If you like your cat at all , do n't use this stuff . You 're cat will change . If its a happy cat , it will become depressed.I 'm sure it does n't happen to every cat , but it is dangerous stuff.It 's definitely worth it to get the vet product . I took the box to the vet when I left my cat there this morning to be tested for blood disease from it , or liver damage , and they explained that the ingredients are not in any other flea formula they have seen . The vet has had many complaints about this exact product and asked to keep my box so they could hang it up to warn people.Please do not use this product !!!!!!!!!!!!!! My cat Lucy does n't think you should either .
 I purchased this and used it on all 3 of my cats . Then I checked these on-line reviews to see people 's opinions on how well it worked - almost had a heart attack . Well , all 3 of my cats are fine and none have had any adverse reactions after 3 weeks . It seems to have worked somewhat , but not as well as the Revolution we usually use . Think logically - if this is sold in tens of thousands of stores across the country for many years , and really made anywhere near a large percentage of cats sick or die , it would not be on the market . Apparently some cats have real problems with this product , just like some people have real problems with peanuts or bee stings - but peanuts are on the market and bees are thought of as `` good '' insects . Anyway , I think I 'll be going back to Revolution instead of this product , mainly because I feel that Revolution works somewhat better .
 Length :
 Avoid this product at all costs . I just got home from the vet where I was able to take home one of my cats because the poison did n't hurt him as much but the other has to stay over night with an IV and antibiotics to flush this awful-horrible-evil stuff out of her little body . I can not fathom why anyone would sell this product . Thinking this was just the generic version of Frontline or Advantage I gave this to my cats who had a mild case of fleas . It made each of them vomit , convulse , shake and basically trip out in a horrible way-hallucinations and all . Horrible !!!!!!!!!! Although one is better and I could take him home-he is still shaking by the way - the other now has an infection in her blood and her white blood cells are going crazy . Our vet told us they have seen multiple cats die from this product . They have a disclaimer on the box that it is hazardous to pets and humans-how could I miss that ? Kicking myself now ! We have wait and see how it goes with our little one now . Do not buy it !!!!!!!!! I was forced to give it one star just to post this .
 I picked up this product at a grocery store a couple days ago . At 1st it seemed to work ok . . the fleas moved around and stuff . But today we noticed patches of cat hair all around the house . Right away we went to our cats and the hair is burning off their skin where we applied this product as instructed !! DO NOT BUY THIS FOR YOUR ANIMALS ! Stuff like this needs to be banned from being sold . . shame on the makers for selling this !
 I used this product 3 times . Each time my cat suffered from chemical burns , with welts forming , and fur eventually falling off . I will never use it again . I 'm now researching alternatives such as Frontline and Advantage II , but I will NEVER use Sergeant 's Gold again . I 'm surprised that such a product could be legally sold in the US .
 I have a small cat , and so I bought the Sergeant 's Gold flea medication for cats 5 lbs and under and applied it on Friday , thinking it would be good since it was formulated for kitties her size . If only I could attach a photo to show the TERRIBLE REACTION it caused.By the time I got back from dinner yesterday , a quarter sized hot spot had appeared where the medication had been administered behind my poor kitty 's head . She was frantically scratching it and crying in pain . The area was raw and bleeding , and I had to take her to the emergency vet that night . The vet took one look at the wound and asked if I had used Sergeant 's brand specifically.After a $ 240 appointment , my vet told me this was NOT UNCOMMON and that they had seen COUNTLESS reactions like this with Sergeant 's . It absolutely kills me that I did n't know how caustic this product was ! Now she 's cleaned up , has a 2 '' square section on the back of her neck shaved , a topical medicine , an antibioltic injection , and a kitty sweater to stop her from scratching the painful hot spot.Stay as far away from this as you can - spend an extra $ 10 on something that wo n't harm your pet ! If I could give this 0 stars , I would . We will never use this product again and hope to see it swiftly removed from the shelves of all retailers who are mislead enough to stand behind the brand .
 This customer was not happy due to products arriving with bright yellow and orange stickers on them that said `` $ 1 '' and `` Last chance '' on the products , as if the flea products had been bought at a `` swop meet '' or `` flea market . '' I let the vendor know about this , and then did NOT use the products/could not trust they would do what I bought them to do / or would be safe on our cats .
 My parents used this product on their cat and she got sick and died shortly afterward . The cat stopped eating and became lethargic right after receiving the medication and rapidly deteriorated . The vet could n't tell what was wrong with her but assumed it was old age , since she was 16 years old . However , the timing of her sudden illness right after being treated with this medication seems very consistent with the negative experiences being reported by other reviewers here . I recommend that people avoid this product and use something like Advantage or Frontline that is known to be safe !
 This product is dangerous for your cat . DO NOT purchase this item . Our cat had an allergic reaction and we had to rush to the vet for treatment . Common symptoms for poisoning from this product are tremors , seizures , and death . Other unwanted side effects are irritated skin at application site and loss of hair at application site . Avoid the product , and at the very least , you will avoid the vet bills from an allergic reaction .
 Our 2 and a half year old orange tabby Oliver died last night because of SERGEANT 'S GOLD SQUEEZE ON FOR CATS flea and tick treatment . Oliver was an extremely healthy and loving cat . In a little more than 24 hours he went from playing with his favorite toy , a laser , to dead . On Wednesday August 31 , 2010 we applied some of this horrible product . We followed the directions accurately . On Thursday he was acting different . He had been hiding all day and refused to play with his laser . That night we decided to take him to the emergency room for precautionary reasons . The veterinarian suggested we leave him in the hospital over night for observation . We left the vet 's office at 10:45 PM . At about 12:00 am , an hour and 15 minutes after we had left him we got a phone call from the hospital . That was probably one of the worst if not the worst phone call I 've ever received . The vet said that we applied the medication correctly and that Oliver had only ingested a minimal amount of it . The problem was that his skin absorbed the product and it got into his bloodstream causing organ failure . There was nothing the veterinarians could do to save him . I could not sleep that night . I kept thinking about all the forums I read online that I did n't believe . I honestly thought my cat was going to be just fine because he was eating and still came out of hiding for treats . Little did I know that this product was slowly killing him . PLEASE believe me when I say DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT . The veterinarians told us that these over the counter products are NOT safe . I know that the flea medications that are prescribed by a veterinarians are expensive , but I would pay 10,000 times that to have Oliver back . Please please please spread the word about these medications . I 've had animals my entire life and I never knew how dangerous they were . I do n't understand how it is even allowed to be on the market . Sergeant 's website even says that when used properly it is safe on animals . THIS IS A LIE . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . Please find any other alternative to treat fleas . Because in the end I would take a flea infested Oliver as oppose to no Oliver at all .
 Burned my cat 's skin . Fur in the area all fell off with 24 hours . Left welts that scabbed over . Terrible !!!!
 I used this on both my cats and it did n't work , so I called my vet and asked what to do next . I was n't expecting to be told it was both useless and toxic ! My advice - read up on this product before you decide to buy it . Had I done so , I would have made a very different choice .
 My cat became sick with this stuff . Luckily , he is okay now , but has a small bald patch where I applied the medication . If you are reading this and you have somehow put this stuff on your cat or dog , bathe them immediately . Make sure all the stuff is off . Call your vet just for safe measure . I 'm not kidding . Simply Google something like `` Sergeant 's Gold Squeeze-on Bald Spot '' or `` Sergeant 's Gold Squeeze-on sick '' and you will find TONS of information . Some pets were not as fortunate.Try the same thing with any other flea treatment like Frontline , and the links you get will still take you back to horror stories about Sergeant 's Gold . Most are people who were on a budget . I simply did n't know . I thought I was doing the right thing by preventing fleas on my cat and the stuff seems to have burned his skin . I feel horrible 'cause my poor cat ca n't say `` This stuff hurts . `` Edit
 Applied this to my cat as directed , and within 24 hours he started having seizures , foaming from the mouth , and was hardly able to walk . After a call to the vet , DAWN dish soap bath and a little prayer he came out of it . Never EVER buy this product . It did n't contain a warning that this type of reaction would happen - if It did I would have NEVER bought it .
 Do n't buy this product !! If I could give zero stars , I would . I applied this as directed and it made my cat very sick - sleepy , vomiting and bloody diarrhea . After taking my cat to the vet , she told me that this is not uncommon from this product . Just buy the expensive stuff . Do n't put your cat at risk .
 I bought this product on Saturday , and it is now Monday . I applied this to my cat , and within hours I saw a change in her behavior . The best way to describe her is depressed . She has eaten less than 1/2 a cup in these past 3 days . I made the mistake of purchasing this product and applying BEFORE i read these reviews.I called my vet as soon as I saw the reviews and once I told my vet the name , she immediately cut me off saying `` I would not use that . Has she had any seisures ? '' And , on Saturday when I called Sergeant 's to ask of any side effects , I was told that my cat may `` FOAM AT THE MOUTH '' are you kidding me ?! NO . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ! I bought this for $ 8.69 at Target , and will now be paying $ 82 for vet visit , and $ 150 for blood work to make sure my cat has no liver damage .
 Very toxic stuff . I used it on my cat as a preventive measure , following all the instructions . Later that night , he became ill and scratched off all the fur in the area where it was applied . I washed him off and took him to the vet , who gave him a shot of cortizone and some antibiotics . He got better after about a week of treatment , and is fully recovered now .
 I normally use frontline , I was in a bind and used this before reading up on reviews . I do n't write reviews , but I love my cat and I would n't want any one 's cat to get hurt by this product . My cat lost hair in clumps and was vomiting daily . I washed it out just now ; hopefully , she will get better . Use FRONTLINE . I 've never had any problems with my cat or dog .
 Do NOT buy this filthy poison ! It gave my poor cat terrible diarrhea and made him sick - I called the emergency vet , and they were well aware of the danger and toxicity of this product , and told me that it can give pets seizures and/or kill them.The only good news here is that this particular vet told me that they will allow pet owners to buy the good flea meds from them and make payments on it , so that people can afford the safe products and not feel like they have to resort to this `` over the counter '' stuff . If you 're having a serious flea problem and are on a budget , call around to your local vets or humane society and see if any of them offer services like this.Whatever you do , DO NOT USE SERGEANTS !
 My sister applied this product to our cat in between his shoulder blades and also put a cone on him for about two hours , because he tends to lick himself a lot . Within 10 to 15 minutes after taking the cone off he came downstairs and started running everywhere . . we immediately went to go see what was wrong and we became very scared !! He was having a seizure !!! He released his bowels , was running into walls and was extremely hard to control . We put him in the bath tub to wash off this horrible poison and it was not helping , he was still extremely erratic and he began biting himself very hard . We quickly put the cone back on so he would stop biting himself , grabbed towels and his pet carrier and rushed him to an emergency vet facility . Luckily , we got him in on time he is doing much better now but is still in a delicate state . We have learned that pets react differently to these products , but why take a chance ? I did more research and these type of flea control products carry the same toxins that products such as raid have . Save yourself the heartache and protect your kitty !!!
 I applied to my healthy cat and immediately , he showed a bad reaction to this med . I tried to wipe some of it off , but it was to late . He developed LARGE scabs at the area . It seems like it burned his skin !! It was horrible ! He spends all day trying to lick his wounds ! Will be needing to take him to the vet !
 I purchased the 18 '' version and there is NO DOOR . Researching the product further on other websites I find this height listed elsewhere as a `` walk-over '' pen . . which then goes on to mention that the K-9 Keeper pens have doors ! Since I bought it because of the -LRB- non-existent -RRB- door feature I will probably return it .
 I purchased the 18 '' version and there is NO DOOR . Researching the product further on other websites I find this height listed elsewhere as a `` walk-over '' pen . . which then goes on to mention that the K-9 Keeper pens have doors ! Since I bought it because of the -LRB- non-existent -RRB- door feature I will probably return it .
 This use to be the only food I fed my dachsunds . But they made the bag smaller and raised the price , so now they can keep it ! I now feed them Rachel Ray 's Nutrish , they love it and their coats are so shiny and soft . I never saw that with the Royal Canin .
 I purchased two of these and with both of them the leash snap broke . One on the first time I used and the other before I even had a chance to use it . Very cute , but very cheap snaps . Will not buy another
 Bottle says to cut x with scissors . When puppy started sucking on it , to much came out -LRB- hole was to big -RRB- . Milk came out of nose , puppy was dead in an hour :-LRB- , if you buy this product do n't follow their stupid directions . As a matter of fact , i hope karma catches up with the idiot in charge of labeling . If i would 've gone with common sense , i would 've just made a hole with a hot needle .
 I purchased two of these and with both of them the leash snap broke . One on the first time I used and the other before I even had a chance to use it . Very cute , but very cheap snaps . Will not buy another
 I purchased these syringes to feel my sick chicken and they are really disappointing . Not only do they not inject smoothly , the plungers are plastic with no rubber , so they 're not airtight and big bubbles get in you 're filling it . Furthermore , the tips are so large that a lot of food gets left in when you 're done feeding .
 Save your money.I have these . They slide on rugs or hardwood floors . Plus the fabric that are like stair treads entices the animal to scratch it like a cat sharpens claws . If your dog is about 10 pounds , even they can move it if they do n't come up the middle and the depth of the steps is to narrow for anything larger then a small dog . If the dog decides he/she to change her mind and come down , they ca n't turn and end up falling or jumping off . And they are too much money here . The footing could be much better . If your worried about hurting paws . legs or using it for arthritis , do not buy this . If you love your pet , get something more substantial that will stay still and in place by your bed or sofa or car . It is a terrible sound to hear if they fall off . Look at others before u buy.EVEN MY 2 SIAMESE CAN MAKE IT SLIDE IF THEY START TO GO UP OR DOWN FROM THE SIDE . They put legs on it to slip under a chair etc but it does not help . We glued sandpaper to bottom legs and that did help but we had to pull it off since it was ruining our carpet . we finally put some eye protectors that I use on my horses to keep the flies away since flies go for a horse 's tear ducts for water and no flies are going to pester my beauties . We have stalls and aerial spraying once a month = no flies or MOSQUITOES bother us.These eye cups are also used on horses that tend to spook or look to rear -LRB- just a hint -RRB- They are made out of a soft rubber substance and work perfectly . If u feel u like these steps be prepared to attach it with something so it wo n't slide .
 We ordered these stairs for our dog because the photo matches a set of stairs we have had for several years . We looked quite a while to find stairs that have one continuous strip of carpeting going up , instead of carpeting only on the base of the step . When they arrived , they were not the same stairs shown in the picture , even though they arrived with a label that showed the same picture as the one listed on Amazon , with one continuous strip of carpeting . Our dog will not use them , as the carpeting is only on the base of the step . I called Solvit Products and they blamed Amazon for having an outdated photo , while stating that even though they have n't made the stairs in YEARS , they have not updated the photo on their own labels either . REALLY ? What a waste of time and energy for us !! False advertising .
 For the price I was expecting a much better quality product . The wipes are very , very thin and dry . Usually wipes have liquid in the tub to keep it moist , but this did not . As a result I have to use more than two wipes to clean my dog . The only good thing about it is that it smells good .
 I have used this canteen for more than a year now ... however , I ca n't carry it with the water in it , so basically I 'm just slinging a water bowl for my dog over my shoulder when I hike . It would not seal effectively from the day I bought it .
 The puffy da bird replacement that I got has a very pretty color of royal purple . My cat definitely loves this new puffy thing after I replace it with the original one . However , my cat loves to carry the puff in her mouth after she finally catches it , and after playing with her for a while , I found that the white area around her mouth got a tint of purple !! I do n't know whether the dye is safe to ingest , but I still do n't want my kitty ingesting any dye . I may try soaking the puff to wash away the excess dye.I am also disappointed that this feather puff does n't spin like the original one -LRB- I understand it is not aerodynamic like the original one -RRB- .
 Our kitten loves this but the green dye ran all over his mouth/paws . I 'm glad I noticed before it got on our light furniture and carpet .
 DO NOT BUY THIS . The dye from the feathers will come out and stain your poor cat 's mouth , legs , etc. . I have bought many toys for my cats and this is the first one that dye ever came out of the toy .
 note pic shows 3 items for the price of 3.70 i ordered 2 = 7.40 . thinking i 'd get 6 puff toysnot the case . you get one for 3.70 i rec 'd 1 puff toy for 7.40 still waiting to rec otherpuff toy have emailed sellermisrepresenting quantity for the priceis something i think amazon should b aware ofi would not of ordered item if i knew.now i jst want the second puff toyormy money back for anincomplete orderfeel totally scamed
 Although the picture shows 3 items , I was only shipped one . Note that the product description does n't mention this . Very decieving . I feel I was ripped off . Buyer beware !!
 This frisbee should not be marketed for dogs . It 's made out of cheap plastic which very easily becomes punctured when a dog catches it in their mouth . It 's full of teeth holes after just a few throws . Waste of money . I 'll stick to the ` Easy Glider ' and the Kong rubber frisbees .
 This ball is visually very appealing to human consumers with it 's bright contrasting colors and raised map of the world . Dogs are most likely more attracted to the minty fragrance emitted by the ball . Unfortunately , the colorful map of the world is NOT a securely affixed part of the toy and can EASILY be taken off the toy in a minute or two !! The inherent danger of this is what could happen to these pieces once they are dislodged . They could easily pose a choking or intestinal blockage hazard should they be ingested . My own experience was having an 10 week old Cavalier puppy dismantle this toy within 5 minute of my giving it to her !! This is a puppy who is a light to average chewer with a toy that its manufacturer labels with a five tooth rating for the highest durability :--LRB- I purchased size `` small '' which is the appropriate size for a toy breed puppy . Fortunately , I was nearby and noticed the toy coming apart ... I shudder to think what might have happened had I not seen it . I reported this to Planet Dog Toys , however , they did n't seem very concerned ... the woman I spoke to had all the company 's CYA statements down saying that with ` some dogs ' this can happen ... there have been problems with a ` few ' of the balls etc. . This is NOT a toy I would recommend ... Buyer Beware !
 Previously had this ball in a 5 &#34; diameter and it lasted years with my Scottish Terrier . Purchased this ball and a few others that are smaller . Disappointed , the ball came with a split at the seam . I gave it to the Scotty and it did n't stay intack a day . The planets on the other balls were completely one with the ball , just a different color . This ball the planets on this ball are poorly attached . I worried he would swallow the pieces . This ball was worthless , and I did n't dare to let him play with it anymore . I also purchased the Tuff Diamond , Orange and the Silver balls . They are good quality , he loves them and they can stand up to a strong dog . I would highly recommend them . As for the Planet ball , I feel a refund is in order . Worthless , and dangerous .
 Within one day my dog had ripped the continents off this ball . They are separate pieces from the ball itself . The continents come off in one piece and are a choking hazard .
 I thought I had found the solution to my dog 's destructive chewing in this ball . I received it today , and within 20 minutes , my dog had started pulling the blue chunks off the ball . I can see where this is going , and do n't want him to swallow pieces . I will be contacting the company and hoping they will exchange/refund .
 In general we like the `` tuff '' ball brand a lot because they are harder to destroy them most other balls , BUT ... the green land pieces on this ball are just glued on . As such , my dog was EASILY able to rip off -LRB- and tried to eat -RRB- all of the green land pieces . After they were all ripped off , he played with the ball - but I was disappointed in the ball and the ability for it to be torn apart especialyl when this brand is know for its durablilty ! Ive bought other `` tuff '' balls , but I try and not buy any like this with little pices that can be ripped off - since they are just glued on . Also , this ball - like all of the tuff balls - have 2 holes in it - which allows your dog to get his/her teeth in there which they use to try and rip it . Still though , I would buy `` tuff '' balls , but NOT this one ever again because o fhte little pieces that can be destroyed .
 I got this because it was a friday sale item . This is the item that put `` Planet Dog '' on the map ? Numerous awards ? Best product of the year ? I checked out their site and could find no awards . It appears this product works well for many people . Not for me and Daisy , a 3-year old yellow lab . The only reason I paid the ten bucks is that I was hoping for a very durable toy . My dog is intelligent , and is highly educated in the arts of chewing and toy dismantling.It took her 12 minutes before destoying half of Europe . South America was next to be peeled off . If your dogs loves to chew and is good at it , stick with the dollar store items , let your dog go wild and throw it away.As I go to throw this away , I feel a chill in my spine . Let me tell you it is much easier to toss a dollar away than it is a ten spot . Planet Dog needs to spend less time `` protecting the enviroment '' and more time creating better dog toys . The description says recyclable , but my trash company does n't recycle rubber yet , does yours ? So thank you Planet Earth for one more dog toy piling up the local dump.As for everyone this works for , that 's super ! I have yet to find a better toy than a durable tennis ball -LRB- by the balls made for practice , they last much longer than competition tennis balls -RRB-
 I spent $ 14.50 for this `` tuff '' toy . My 50lb 9month old Australian Shepherd destroyed it in less than 1 hour . She peeled all the white parts of the ball off . If your dog is a chewer , do n't buy this !
 I purchased the planet dog orbee-Tuff toy -LRB- green/blue -RRB- . `` This ball is the tuffest of the Orbee-Tuff toys ! For extreme chewers . '' FALSE !!! 5 out of 5 on the chew rating . FALSE !!! My dog -LRB- puppy lab -RRB- 6 months old chewed the green off right away.I would not recommend this toy to any big chew dog .
 I have been searching for a ball our beagle-dachshund mix would be able to play with safely . This seemed like the product . The orbee looks as if it is molded out of a single piece of material . BUT , the raised areas are actually glued on . After about 20 minutes , our little `` beenie '' chewed off and swallowed a big chunk of the raised spot -LRB- green area on the blue ball -RRB- . What followed her joyful 20 minutes was a night filled with her vomiting up the pieces . Luckily , she did not end up with an obstruction . I would think that a product made to be `` tuff '' for dogs who chew would n't use glued on materials .
 If your dog is a chewer , or has a strong mouth and like to clamp down on things , go with a different planet dog toy . One that does NOT have the little rubber pieces glued on -LRB- they have many other options -RRB- . Those little world pieces fall off quickly after being bit on , and you need to make sure you get them from your pup fast before they 're eaten .
 My dog , who is not a really aggressive chewer , managed to pull parts of the continents off of the globe . I do n't like that these are a possible choking/obstruction hazard for him . He likes the toy and the ball itself is pretty long-lasting . But I just do n't like him being able to pull off pieces of it .
 My Jack Russell loved playing with the ball . The downside to it was that because my dog LOVES to chew she was capable of destroying the ball . The ball soon had cracked and there were parts of it missing . Overall a pretty decent toy but easily destructable .
 Ball does not hold up to a Mastiff 's play , not even for 15 minutes . This is unacceptable to me ! Do n't waste your time or money . The continents fall off way too quickly .
 I purchased two Planet Dog Orbee-Tuff Orbee balls , for my German shepherds . This product has changes . The planets are `` attached '' to the ball by some sort of glue I guess . During play these large planet shaped pieces of plastic come off and can become a choking hazard . I began finding them in my dogs stools and all over the house . The balls without the planets are very dangerous as they are very slimy and slippery . I have always loved planet dog products and loved the old ones as the planets were molded into the ball . I am going to try to get a refund for these useless and dangerous balls!After I wrote the review I contacted Planet Dog as the balls were too old for a full Amazon refund . They were very nice and in fact are replacing these for me with their Luna Balls which I love ! I was very impressed with the attitude of the company !
 I ordered the tuff orbee ball which I have for my other dog , and she absolutely loves it ! Lasts forever ! Unfortunately , I received the SOL ball instead . Not as good as the orbee -LRB- the one with the map on it -RRB- , not as durable and much softer . Since I was n't home when I received the package , the ball was given to my dog and he did n't have it for 1 hour before he slit it . Wo n't be able to return , obviously . Guess I 'll have to leave strict instructions for when i 'm not home.If you want a ball that lasts with aggressive chewing , I highly recommend the tuff orbee ball , not the SOL .
 I have a two year old female yellow lab . I 've had this ball for a little over a week ; she has already managed to chew off some of the raised Earth around the ball . I would not recommend this toy for dogs that are powerful chewers . It 's a fun toy and my lab has really enjoyed it ; however , chewing off the Earth has become more of a game than fetching the ball . If you 're like me and concerned with the ingestion of such pieces , I would look for another toy .
 I have two dogs between 45 and 55 pounds . They absolutely looovved the toy the second they got it . However , in less that one hour we were missing half of the `` continents '' on the ball . It is concerning since my dog proceeded to try and eat the plastic continents . Would not recommend for a persistent chewer .
 loved how the ball looked and felt but the outer part is very easy for any dog to pull off !!! did not last a week !
 I order the Orbee-Tuff Orbee Ball , did n't get it ... Its been over a month that I 've asked for them to resolve this , not happening . They say one thing and do nothing . Bad business for Amazon !
 I purchased this for a boykin spaniel puppy . He loved it , however , the continents can easily be chewed off . My puppy only had this for 3 weeks with only a few supervised play sessions before he started to work off the continents edges .
 Seriously ? My 9 month old puppy ripped off pieces in minutes ... Threw them up later . Planet Dog rates this on their site as one of their toughest toys ... waste of money !
 My 14 # puppy had the ball all of 3 minutes when some of the outside peeled off . I managed to grab a piece of rubber the size of a quarter just before Nick swallowed it . He either would 've crapped a UFO or I 'd have been spending the night in the delightfully expensive and chaotic animal hospital . I looked at the outside of the ball and grabbed the side of the green plastic -- it peeled off easy . I know I 'm a wrong girl , but if this is `` Tuff '' enough for powerful chewers , then i should probably be trying out for MMA.I 'll be adding a few pics of what peeled off .
 My little 36 pound dog had this torn apart in 20 minutes . The outer raised up pieces were pealing off in her mouth . I had to throw it away .
 I first ordered &#34; Rawhide Munchy Sticks Beef , 5 &#34; 100 Pack Item # 895 &#34; in 2011 and my pet was delighted so ordered 3 packed in 2012 September ; however my pet was not eager to eat the second order which set me wondering.On checking I realised that the quality had dropped drastically , the sticks are easily broken and my pet finds them unappetizing so I will have to dump the 3 packs of 100 each.I certainly would not be buying these again
 I thought this was those regular chew rawhide I usually buy at the local store , but instead they are more like hard cookies . My dogs -LRB- small size -RRB- eat through this like cookies . The sticks snap so easily.I gave them 2 stars because my dogs does n't mind eating them .
 These munchy sticks were so hard that my dog could not even chew on them . I gave them to some friends that have a much larger dog and he could not chew them . We soaked them in water and still could not get them anywhere near soft or munchy . Sorry for the poor review .
 I purchased these thinking that they would be the same as the white rawhide twists that you buy in pet stores . These `` Rawhide '' munchy sticks are NOT the same type of product.If you 're looking for something for your dog to chew on , look elsewhere . This product is more like a beef jerky-type treat for dogs.The ingredients list is enlightening . The ingredient list for this product is
 Perhaps some consider dipping packed rice stick treats in emulsified rawhide enough to label them as `` rawhide '' , but certainly I do not . I like to give a rawhide stick to my Boston terrier most mornings while I 'm getting ready to leave for work so she does n't get anxious , but she bites these sticks in half immediately and they 're gone within seconds ! In my mind , rawhide chews are meant to be gnawed on for at least 10 mins.They also gave her some stomach upset and diarrhea , which no other rawhide product ever has . The `` made in China '' label should have made me suspicious immediately . I 'm tossing what 's left of the bag and never buying these again . My hope in leaving this review is that no one else will be fooled by the `` rawhide '' label .
 i was expecting something like a bunch of bully sticks but these are gone in literally 4 bites ! even with my 14 week old aussie ! it seems like a bargain but it 's seriously not much at all when the dogs devour a stick in like a min . they smell like they where dipped in motor oil or something awful . it get a bit better when you rinse them but still stinky and i feel reluctant to feed them to my dogs . my cattle dog mix turns his head when i try t give him these ! awful treats , do n't recommend to anyone !!! -LRB- i bought the beef basted -RRB-
 I wish i would have heed the warnings from other shoppers ! I 've NEVER left a product review before BUT I HAD TO FOR THIS ITEM ... I was n't until the third day of giving these to my Bestest buddy that I realized they were not agreeing with him ... I know , bad daddy . . Old Iron gut met his match . Price should n't really be an issue here - yeah they are cheap -LRB- never again -RRB- but Id like to know what they put in them to make them desirable because once its gone - illness sets in . ONLY BUY IF YOU WANT an ill looking & miserable pet . I am not even going to keep them around to send for a refund - bad bad bad.WARNING - TREAT AS POISON ***** WARNING *** DO NOT FEED
 Really what is more important than the title/description of a listing ????? I got 1 - only 1 bone , when title states set of 18 - now I did think it very strange the pricewould be so low but really - ever heard of proof reading ?
 It is the base for a hatchery and some instructions on how to construct a hatchery . What you see in the photo is not what you get . You get the small black base , the tubing , the shrimp mix and some instructions . The cylinder you see attached to the base is a two liter coke bottle you provide . In addition you 'll need an air pump , lighting and some way of keeping the water at 80 degrees -LRB- if you want to follow the instructions -RRB- . I 'd read several articles on building a hatchery , but chose to buy this one instead because it appeared to have a solid plastic cylinder.On the plus side having the air hose running out of the base so that it can double as a siphon is nice . Still the base , while solid , rattles around a lot once you start pumping air into it.I have no opinion on the hatch mix yet except that much of it seems to end up on the sides of the bottle and it comes from China , so I am more than a little worried about what 's actually in it .
 This is something I could have done myself , at home , without buying it or paying any shipping . You basically use a 2 litter soda bottle , an air pump , and add water with shrimp eggs . If you order this , they provide a stand . FYI
 The directions say to use water with over 8 PH , I used RO water and raised it to 9 PH. It said to keep the eggs between 80 and 82 DEG F , my heater was set at 81 DEG F and checked with a thermometer . It says the eggs will hatch in 24 to 36 hours , it has been 40 hours and only a few eggs have hatched . I would say less than .5 % have hatched . People are getting better results with a cheep Sea Monkey kit .
 This was a COMPLETE failure , . . I tried it multiple times and followed the instructions precisely . I was dissapointed at first because it does not include an air-pump and mostly because the shrimp hatched and then died and rotted . I worked in the pet industry for 7 years and I know both fresh and saltwater environments . I know how to run a biological system and this FAILS . I was lazy and fooled , . . do n't make the same mistake.Don ' t buy this product !
 it seemed bigger when I looked at it on line before I ordered , a better description would have been helpfuland sved me more than double the cost of the item in shipping : -LRB-
 I ordered two of these bowls for my new dog . They are WAY too tiny for most dogs . Would be great in a bigger size .
 This cup is way too small . It would n't hold enough food or water for 1 kitten .
 This lasted for less then 5 minutes before my APBT had it broken into sharp jagged slivers . If You have a large dog with strong jaws expect a trip to the vet if you give this to him
 DO NOT buy this product if your dog is large or has strong jaws.I am always searching for good chewing toys for our 1 year old Great Dane . -LRB- Note that she is in the lower 10th size percentile for Great Danes , so she 's not even that monstrously large or strong . -RRB- She was able to crush this bone into hundreds of tiny sharp pieces within minutes of chewing.Also , the product was very greasy and left grease stains on her dog bed.I had purchased three , but I threw the other two away with the collection of splinters from the first .
 Any critter would be claustrophic in this except the tiniest baby thing . I gave it away and bought a much larger one because the reshipping cost and return mailing would have made it cost prohibitive to return . Waste of money .
 It was simple to piece this together -LRB- no tools , just snap in place -RRB- ; however , one of the snapping pieces is warped and does n't fit properly - it took maneuvering to get it to clasp . My cat is comfortable in it , which turns out to be a good thing , because he was stuck in it while I had to take it apart to get him out as the door would not open . The top spring-loaded door latch malfunctioned . So , after taking it apart to release Stevie to the wilds of my kitchen , I fiddled and finally forced with extreme pressure the latch and it snapped open . However , I do n't know that this piece of tupperware with a metal door will be used again . I think it needs to be sent back .
 I purchased the carier after measuring my dog and the carrier was not as big as they say it is . My dog is only 11 pounds and it says the description say it fits dogs up to 20 pounds . It is a sturdy carrier though and it was very easy to put together . My dog could not sit properly or turn around . It was clearly misrepresented but I purchased the Cayman 2 and it was perfect . If you have a very small or short dog , this carrier works . I would reccomend that you do measure your dog and purchase the next size up . It is airine approved which is great but all in all I have to give it two stars because it was not the size or demensions the description provides .
 This item was a mess from the start . I would n't put my cat in there because it was so small . It came with none of the screws to put it together and I sent for it , so I would have it for a special day . Not only could I not get out to get the screws I would have needed , I did n't know what to get anyway . Very upsetting , needless to say I was unhappy . I would not recommend this product . I had to send it back . It is hard for me to get out and that 's why I send for things in the first place .
 These were disappointing to me as they had a very greasy feel and a strong smell or petroleum like gas or kerosene . I had to cook them in water a little to get my dog to eat them .
 I bought this carrier for my cat 's air travel.It was suposed to be durable enough to hold my cat safely in the air.However , it had been broken during the shipment.Even if the packing is poor , the product itself has to be hard enough for the purpose .
 I purchased the 18 '' version and there is NO DOOR . Researching the product further on other websites I find this height listed elsewhere as a `` walk-over '' pen . . which then goes on to mention that the K-9 Keeper pens have doors ! Since I bought it because of the -LRB- non-existent -RRB- door feature I will probably return it .
 My dog loves the sweet potato chicken wraps which is why I was so disappointed when I read i tiny letters on the back `` made in China '' . Although this company as not been recalled to the best of my knowledge I 'm not willing to risk giving my dog any treat made in China .
 What more can I say ? I usually buy this kind of treat at our local discount shopping center , but I realized those dumbells were made in China , and that made me nervous after all the quality control problems China has had with pet foods and treats . If I remember correctly , I think these are made in the US , so I felt better about giving these to my dog . Too bad she would n't eat them . Picky , picky !
 I purchased the 18 '' version and there is NO DOOR . Researching the product further on other websites I find this height listed elsewhere as a `` walk-over '' pen . . which then goes on to mention that the K-9 Keeper pens have doors ! Since I bought it because of the -LRB- non-existent -RRB- door feature I will probably return it .
 My cat sheds a ton , and somehow this does n't seem to pick much of anything up . I really trust the kong name so I was dissappointed in that aspect , but the soft pointy edges provide my cat a back scratch/massage she truly loves . Worth a buy for something that will make your cat happier , not worth it for brushing purposes .
 I thought my cat would love this because he likes toys he can carry around and this one actually has a little handle . But he was quite unimpressed , despite the fact that you can fill it with catnip . Still , it 's adorable and maybe your cat would like it better than mine did .
 This doghouse was only useful for two years before it self-destructed in my grassy dog lot . I would try something like an `` igloo '' or a `` K-9 Coop '' next time , but if you keep your Four Paws house on a porch it should last longer .
 I never write reviews , but here 's one I had to for future buyers . The picture shows a beautiful , consistent yellow gravel . This is not what arrived . Initially I thought they accidentally sent me green but it was what they called yellow . It was light , yellowish green , but definitely green . Also , it was not solidly painted , it was speckled with color that covered most of these rounded pebbles but was not solidly covered which makes it look cheap . I also did n't appreciate having to pull out twigs that counted as part of my 5lbs a bag , they were also poorly painted . I do n't recommend this `` yellow '' or the product itself in any other color based on the quality I received .
 Bought this product because my puppy had loose stool and it got worse after giving this product to her a couple of days . Took her to the vet and eliminated the possibility that she had any type of worms or bateria infection . They just put her on ID dog food and after a couple of days she was as good as new . So for just a GI problem this did not work for us !
 Waste of money it was recommended by a sale person for teething for my puppy and she shredded it . Nylabone and antlers worked way better !
 A customer wrote about this item , and I am glad . Be careful ! It 's surely true , the supplier does not allow you to choose a color , therefore you think all six collars are $ 3.99 .
 Advertising is VERY misleading for this item . Picture and description make it look like you are getting five collars , but when the item shows up , guess what , one collar for $ 3.95 plus large shipping fees . Avoid this seller ! Much better deals at the local pet store .
 I bought this for my 86 pound lab because he injured his knee and I did n't want him jumping on and off my bed . He might have used it if it were steadier , but it wobbles so much that he quite reasonably does n't trust it to put his weight on it . He would nudge it out of the way rather than try to use it . For the price I paid I expected something made a little better . Very disappointed and am returning it . Might be fine for smaller dogs or cats because it is the right height for a taller bed , but I would not recommend this for big dogs .
 This blade does not shave as well as the old blade , which is almost 50 years old . I had broken a couple of teeth on the old one and was happy I could replace it . However , the new one does not hold a candle to the old one .
 I purchased this as a replacement and am very disappointed . No matter how much oil I put on this blade , it freezes after a few minutes of use . Total waste of money .
 The positive reviews on Amazon and on this product 's website did not reflect my experience . I purchased this for my neutered male cat because he experienced a UTI and I wanted to prevent future issues . My cat is now in the veterinary hospital due to a blockage which was five days after I started him on the UTI-Free .
 Did n't work for my cats UTI - Had to take her to vet and ending up spending $ 200 on top of the $ 40 I paid for this .
 The product description really should specify the FORM of the medicine . I was surprised to open my package , find no correspondence , a sticky label slapped over the directions -LRB- that I had to peel off so I could read directions -RRB- & then ... It was NOT a liquid ... It was tiny pellets!Trying to get `` a large pinch '' of these pellets into my cat 's mouth -- & getting her to swallow it ? Ha ! Fail ! So , I do n't know yet if the stuff works , or not!Another user review suggested dissolving the pellets in a 1/2 teaspoon it 1 teaspoon of water & draw that up into a syringe -LRB- w/o needle , of course -RRB- & squirting that into the car 's mouth . Thank you to that reviewer for the suggestion.I 'm frustrated that the vendor did n't include a note thanking me for my order or giving better instruction or anything . And VERY frustrated that it was n't a liquid . Really -- come up with a more thorough description of your product !!
 I was desperate . Nothing seemed to work . My poor cat . I ordered this . Gave it 2 weeks ... and nothing . Dont waste your money . Im going to order uromaxx now . Wish me luck .
 I ca n't say this helped much at all . Way over priced for the size and amount in the bottle . I followed the directions and saw no change .
 I bought this product when my 14-year old female cat started displaying symptoms of a urinary tract infection . I did n't want to put her through the stress of a veterinarian visit and antibiotics , so I researched online trying to find a homeopathic product that might help . I read great reviews about this PetAlive product so I purchased it . The product arrived quickly and I immediately started administering it to my cat.I very much like the idea of a homeopathic pet medicine , but more granules landed in her fur -LRB- and all around her ! -RRB- than in her mouth . It 's difficult to administer , even with a pet who does n't fight you . So in that way , you end up wasting a lot of the product . As far as the effectiveness goes , at first it seemed like it helped . But here we are a month later and her symptoms of infection are stronger than ever . I 'm still giving her the granules , but am also researching vets because I think we 're going to have to end up going that route anyway .
 Unless you are a believer in homeopathic medicine , this is not for you . The original idea is to introduce small amounts of the problem to a person to build up immunity , gradually scaling back the amounts . This makes sense for things like anti-venom , or anti-allergy medications in some instances . It does not make sense as a solution for every problem.In this case what you are buying are essentially sugar pills -LRB- the main ingredient -RRB- with amounts of seemingly beneficial herbs that are so small that they are less than the accepted amount of arsenic in the U.S. water supply . In practice it seems as though a lot of so-called homeopathic medications are simply applying a less is better mentality that allows them to sell things that contain next to nothing at all for absurd prices.Save your money and stick to Cosequin and things with cranberry in them which will at least prevent the bacteria from adhering to the wall of the bladder or ureter.However , crystals are the biggest problem for cats when it comes to UTI 's and so far I have n't found anything that works better than Cosequin which is easy to sprinkle on either wet or dry food and even my pickiest cat will eat , though it took him a little time to adjust.Try to avoid high sodium , magnesium or filler rich cat foods and make certain your cat is getting enough fluids -LRB- via extra water dishes in preferred locations , a pet fountain , or more moist food in the diet -RRB- and higher quality protein which does not put as much strain on the kidneys . Things which are good for the kidneys will generally be helpful to the bladder as well.And if the problem is severe enough , especially in the instance of a blockage , you will need to put them on antibiotics . Make sure to keep an eye out for digestive difficulties afterward and buy some cat probiotics to help out their digestion and regularity after the meds .
 I have a very well respected Vet that I have gone to for several years and has always taken amazing care of my animals . I brought in this item for her to look at and make sure it was safe for my dog -LRB- since she has been plagued with several UTI 's -RRB- . She glanced over them quickly and stated that she would need some time for further investigate the ingredients because nothing was standing out as a familiar ingredient used for UTI relief or treatment . After researching the product and its ingredients , she called me to let me know that there was NOTHING in the product that would be beneficial for my dogs UTI 's . So , I threw it away . She did note that the Cranberry Relief powder that I bought was an excellent choice to help her because of its ingredients . Just a warning to not buy this product because the ingredients are lacking in the beneficial department .
 The product PetAlive UTI-Free for Bladder Infections in pets is packaged in a small pill container . Inside , are very tiny pills that are smaller than `` dippin dots . '' It is very difficult to hold your dog 's mouth open with one hand and then grab a pinch of these idiotically small pills with your other and then toss them into their mouth . I would have preferred a pill size , because it would have been much easier to adminsister . Every time I attempted to give my dog her dose , half of them ended up on the floor or stuck to her hair around her mouth . I would not buy this product again . I ended up taking the dog to get antibiotics , because I was unable to successfully give my dog enough of this product to see if it works .
 This is a very dangerous shampoo to use for your pets . This product contains Pyrethrum , which is deadly to animals ; especially cats . There are many all natural alternatives available . Here are some great natural flea remedies , -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've been feeding this food to my cat for about a month now . I had it mixed with his old food for 2 weeks and have been feeding him only the Royal Canin for the last 2 weeks.The only good thing I can say about this food is his fur has gotten thicker and his skin is n't flaky . Aside from that , a cat who has NEVER had stomach problems has been experiencing diarrhea and vomiting in the last week . His poop smells WORSE and he has n't had a solid poop in 2 weeks either . This food has truly been an awful experience and I will not be buying anymore .
 I put this on my dog about a month ago , and it is cracked ! From the little hole to the edge , and the layers are falling apart . So weird ! I need this to be reliable , I 'm trusting my dogs welfare if he were to get lost ! And it broke !
 With things like this , it 's always a case of `` your mileage may vary '' . In our case , the car broke down in the driveway . We have five kitties , four of which are piggy creatures who love treats . Not a single one was remotely interested in this oil . And it 's not necessarily an oil thing - several of them like -LRB- d -RRB- ferretone and often had a bit , when we still had ferrets . I ca n't speak to anything about this product because I had no guinea pigs . They all refused it , and I was forced to admit defeat and recycle the bottle .
 I give salmon oil to my 2 senior dogs as well as my 4 ferrets . I am SO disappointed in this . I am hoping to pay the shipping cost and send it back . I got it b/c I could not find anywhere online when reading about it that said it had added rosemary . The last brand I tried had rosemary and only 1 dog would touch it , no one else would . They all went from loving their oil to despising it , b/c of the rosemary . This HAS rosemary , even though it 's hard to find a website that tells you that . If you go to Grizzly 's website , it does say it has added rosemary . All I can say is beware , some animals do NOT LIKE rosemary . 32 oz is a huge bottle to waste . Back to the expensive Nordic Naturals . At least it has nothing added , period .
 I have used salmon oil for years for my lab , but this was the first and last of the Grizzly brand . No where did it mention rosemary in the description of the product . My lab would n't touch so I read the one star reviews and it mentioned rosemary extract as an ingredient , sure enough I checked the label WHY ? It 's salmon oil !! I will not buy this product again buy Alaskan Bear Treats instead , I tried to save a few bucks Never again !!
 I ordered this product along with three other items . It all arrived in one box with the salmon oil not wrapped in any plastic - it was just loose in the box . Well , somehow , the cap came lose in transit and I ended up with salmon oil all over my other items . Shame on Amazon for not wrapping the salmon oil in plastic and allowing it to roll all over the place in a box that was too large - likely causing the cap to come lose . And , shame on the manufacturer for not putting some sort of safety seal inside the cap to prevent not only leakage , but also product tampering.I contacted Amazon via email to tell them what happened and ask them to replace the salmon oil and their response was ... crickets ! I have no heard one word back ... no apology , no offer to replace the salmon oil or the other products in the box . I would NOT order this product through Amazon again and will think twice before buying it at the store now that I realize how easy it would be for someone to tamper with this product .
 I 've purchased this salmon oil through Amazon before without problem , but this was a -LRB- VERY -RRB- bad batch that has cost me a lot of money in vet bills .
 I just bought a bottle of this . Next morning I put 1 squirt on Roxy 's food . She ate it up , no problem . 10 minutes later , entire breakfast came back up - smelling really , really bad . She has never thrown up before . Into the trash can went the fish oil ... based on other reviews this works well , but not with my young Standard Poodle !
 This product really can do amazing things for your dog , and is an incredibly healthy supplement to take . However , I find the fish smell absolutely disugusting -LRB- and trust me , it 's evident -- it lingers for a while -RRB- and unfortunately , my dog absolutely HATES the taste of this stuff . The first few times I put it on a treat , she would reluctantly eat it , but now whether it mix some into her food or put it in a treat , she refuses to touch it.Too bad , because the benefits of the products really noticeable .
 I have heard quite a bit of good reviews on this product , so I decided to order it for my two Yorkies . Are using this product for a while , I noticed that their coats were not NEAR as shiney as they were when I was using Missing Link , which is what I untimately decided to switch back to . I will be sticking with that . It works wonders on their coats and makes them so shiney!I think my dog liked the taste of the Grizzly Salmon Oil , but their coats really started to look dull and lose it 's shine - so I went back to what works best - Missing Link !
 This is the third time the packer has not screwed on the top adequately and it leaked all over the interior of the box and saturated to the exterior . Yes , it was placed in a zip lock bag but even then it leaked out . I suspect UPS is n't too excited to return a box that is leaking and smells of fish oil . Thus I have to find another box to ship it in . The other two times this happened I decided to clean all the oil off the 64oz bottle and use it anyway -- not this time . Every time this happens I lose several ounces of fish oil . I 'm returning for a replacement . I can get a gallon of bug spray from Amazon without issue.Update
 Do not purchase.This product arrived with an expired use by date.Hate going through the trouble of ordering something online and then having to return it because of a problem that never should have been
 I hate to disagree with the majority of reviewers and I should mention that I give my dog fish oil every day -LRB- other brands -RRB- , but there is something about this brand , which we recently tried . It gives her diarrhea , seems to upset her stomach and she does n't like it . It also seems to trigger an allergic response , causing her to itch and scratch . I thought maybe there was something wrong with this bottle of product , so I even tried another bottle , purchased elsewhere , with the same result . And I tried using a smaller dose . Quite perplexed , as my dog does fine with other brands , but not this one . Guess we will stick with the other brands .
 I bought this to help my dogs ' dry skin but I did n't notice a bit of difference . The only good thing is that it does n't smell like fish too badly and it helped my dogs want to eat their dry food . But I do n't think I 'd buy it again .
 I hate to leave a bad review on this , but my dog has been ill for 3 days now , starting just an hour after his one and only dose of this . Diarrhea , then constipation and now vomiting and lethargy . We 're taking him to the vet today . The nozzle was broken when we rec 'd it , so maybe it spoiled ??
 PRODUCT RECIEVED LIQUID SPILLED INSIDE BOX , ANOTHER BOTTLE SENT MY CREDIT CARD CHARGED TWICE $ 25.69 FOR NOT RETURNING SALMON OIL
 No way this could be fish oil . I tried it some dry food that my cats eat they sniffed and walked away . I dont know how I missed all the negative reviews . It is clear this is a USELESS product . I guess I figured hey its oil . What could possibly go wrong , and purchased the big bottle . BIG MISTAKE !! . Now I have a 32oz bottle of $ 20 lubricant for my garage door . DUH !! sorry kitties , I could have got you a case of your fav salmon and rice cans . I feel like a complete schmuck !! DO NOT BUY !!
 Would rate ZERO stars if possible . At 7pm , I added 4 squirts to my dog 's supper as directed . At 12 Midnight , then 3 a.m. , then 6 a.m. and then again at 8:15 a.m , I was -LRB- luckily -RRB- awakened by whining ... dog had to go out to have diarrhea . Fed her only rice the following day , then was awakened just once during the following night ... to let her out . Figured it had cleared her system , but continued feeding only rice the next day ... . and returned home to find she 'd vomited twice in her bed . Have always been reluctant to buy something just for animals , figuring it would be unsafe and I guess I was right . Had been persuaded by all of the recommendations I 'd read here . This must be poison . Do NOT purchase .
 I have a 90 lb American Bulldog . She has been itching and scratching for months . I tried this oil and it did absolutely nothing to help her at all . Do n't waste your money !
 My dog trainer recommended this product for the 4 dogs in our household . We purchased it and gave it a try . After a little over a week we had to discontinue use and throw away the remainder of the bottle because the smell was unbearable . Our dogs reeked and so did our house . I 'm not sure why , since my trainer said she had never heard of that , but this product was a major fail for us . The upside was all the dogs ' fur was wonderfully soft , but the smell was so not worth it .
 I have two dogs , one of which scratches for no apparent reason . No fleas , maybe some type of skin irritation ? So I get a monster bottle of this fish oil . The dog that does n't have a scratching problem just loves this stuff - would drink it out of the bottle if possible . The itchy little dog has no interest in it , but will reluctantly eat food with some oil dripped on it.I have now used up the bottle . The results ? I tried , I really , really tried , but I could not tell any difference in the dogs after three months of twice daily servings of this oil . Coats looked no better or worse . Itchy dog is still itchy . Other dog wonders what happened to the tasty stuff.About the only positive thing I can say is since the oil ran out , they no longer have fish breath .
 I have a fawn Doberman . Most Dobes have good smooth coats . Fawns and Blues generally have a variety of problems , the Blues worse than the Fawns . I 'm fortunately that mine has no bare spots , but the coat is thin in places and a bit rough . I 'd hoped the Grizzley Salmon Oil would help her coat thicken and become healthier.After reading so many favorable reviews I did purchase a bottle . I used it according to directions but even though so many commented on how their dogs loved the flavor , mine did not . I had to add it to her food to get her to eat it . We used up the entire bottle , to the last drop , literally . I noticed no change whatsoever in her coat , the thin spots are still thin , no extra shine , nothing . The oil is fairly expensive and to go through a whole bottle -LRB- which took several months -RRB- and see no change was disheartening . I wo n't be buying any more .
 I purchased this product as a supplement for my highly allergic french bulldog and every time I put a tiny little bit on his food , bowel movement ensued -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- . Do not give to your dog unless he suffers from constipation .
 I bought this product to help with my Maltese coats based on all the reviews . I did 1/2 a squirt per the instructions and 1 hr after the first -LRB- and only -RRB- dose she had diarreah and has had several episodes the next day as well as throwing up . My Maltse is not known for throwing up or having diarreah ! Be careful using this product as I think its schocking to some dogs digestive system .
 I gave this to my pets , no good results . Made two of my pets sick with diarrhea . One puked so bad , she almost fainted from the extra force she did to vomit , and it reeked of this salmon oil . I do n't recommend it , from my personal experience .
 My dog did n't like it at first but now he does n't mind it . I have n't seen any difference in his hair growth tho : - /
 I have a 7 year old lab who has had continuious ear infections ever since she was a pup . I have spent lots of money and trips to the vet for the problem ... with no luck . I had put her on the Dinovite supplement which seemed to help a little but after reading all the reviews of this product , I figured I would give this a shot , since it is much cheaper . Well first my dog hates the taste and i am not seeing any results after having her on it for almost a month . For my doggie issues this product just doesnt work :-LRB- . Ill stick with the Dinovite and would suggest to anyone out there , if they are having the same issues as my doggie - cronic ear infections , constant licking and scratching , excessive shedding , to give Dinovite a try !
 Well made but no assembly instructions and , most important , no way to carry this carrier , i.e. , no handle on top .
 The description says it can accommodate up to a 220lb dog . My dog is 87lbs and the flimsy lock and flimsy pastic already broke after less than 3 mos .
 I 'd like to start off saying that I love Amazon . They usually have the best price , and I 've always been satisfied with their customer service . I originally ordered this exact same item from Ozbo -LRB- via a Bing search -RRB- - they charged my credit card , but never shipped it . Luckily , I took the initiative early and contacted them a few days after ordering to get the shipping information . Ozbo said that they sent me an email telling me that they could n't ship the item because it was too big ; and that they 've had problems before with items this big breaking . I ordered through Ozbo because they were about -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks cheaper and they offered free shipping on this item -LRB- yeh right -RRB- Well , I 'm 100 % certain they never sent a follow up email - I checked spam as well and nothing . I did receive their original confirmation of the order though . Well they said that they are refunding me , it 's been a week and I do n't see my card credited yet - so we 'll see how that goes.Amazon never charges me until they ship the item I order - which is awesome . Also , Amazon got this item to me -LRB- that was way to big for Ozbo to ship -RRB- within a week - I ordered it on Monday , November 23 , 2009 and I received it on Saturday , November 28 . Thanksgiving was on the Thursday of the week that I received the item ! To top it off , shipping was free on this huge item that was too big for Ozbo to ship . Did I mention that Amazon rocks?Now the item review : ** Build quality was not good for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks . I 've purchased a crate that was larger than this one from Petsmart for under 130 dollars and it was much more solid . I chose this crate because it was easier to take apart , which is what I looking for - instead of having to screw and unscrew 20 bolts every time I wanted to take it apart or put it together . I plan on keeping this at my daughter 's house so when I visit , I have a place to keep my 70 pound German Shepherd . ** This may not be big enough if your dog is bigger than 70 pounds . She can move around and stand up in it , but she has to bow her head a little bit . My other crate , she can easily raise her head in it . ** The door fastener is very flimsy and kind of cheap . It 's a spring lock that you have to pinch , which does n't do a good job spring back to the lock position when the door is closed . When closed , it is only secured at 4 positions . If my dog wanted to , she could easily put a little pressure on the right or left center positions and force the door open . My less expensive , better quality , larger crate has a sturdier door and secures at 6 locations.In the end , I hope this will do what it 's supposed to do an keep my puppy out of trouble while I 'm at work or away . Hopefully I 'll be able to no longer require a crate for her while I 'm away , but last time I tried she ate a flashlight -LRB- and luckily did n't get to the batteries -RRB- . I am very pleased with Amazon 's service and prompt order fulfillment . I ordered a PC from them with Windows 7 and it defective -LRB- do n't know if it was hardware or software related -RRB- , but I contacted Amazon and they paid for shipping and a full refund . I just ordered a MacBook Pro through them on black Friday and it was 100 dollars cheaper - 100 dollars cheaper than the Apple Online Store .
 The value for this product is much less then sale price . Amazon needs to regulate pricing better . For the price charged I expected the crate to be perfect and above other crates . It is about the same as other plastic crates and have no damage , not worth the extra money , especially if Amazon can vary it 's price on this by $ 50.00 . Customers are not happy knowing they paid $ 100.00 above the current price .
 On this ad , Amazon claims the Ithaka 6 will hold pets up to 111 lbs . This is false . The Ithaka 6 only holds pets up to 70 lbs . The Ithaka 7 holds pets up to 100 lbs .
 I had a hamster strangle on a wheel like this because they tried to get out between the rotating bar and the bar that attaches to the base . It was years ago , but thought I would warn folks .
 I hate this wheel . I have this wheel because the pet store in my town did n't have any other type of wheel . This wheel is so noisy and wobbly you can hear it when you take it out of your room . The wiring is safe for hamster feet and it is cheap , but if you do n't want sleepless nights ... Do n't buy it !
 I purchased this crate for a ferret . I like the fact that it is made of sturdy plastic , which is great because my ferret enjoys ripping apart the fabric ones -LRB- which is dangerous because he can escape -RRB- . It locks securely and has a convenient over the shoulder strap . The tiny compartment at the top is big enough for a small Ziploc bag of food . The food/water dish is sturdy , but I wish there were 2 included . The only downfall is that terribly ill fitting plastic part at the top . I never found out how to put it correctly . Even when it seemed to fit , something was off.There was too much space left -LRB- which is dangerous , again because he can escape -RRB- , so i ended up taping it up on an emergency vet visit . It has remained unattractively taped up . I am currently looking for another travel crate . Save yourself the headache .
 I do n't like the elastic straps that attach it to the head rests . Guess I should have read all the reviews before buying .
 This seat cover is junk when compared to the Solvit deluxe . I had previously purchased the Solvit for my CR-V and wanted another seat cover for my F-150 , so I bought this model . I purchased it because the Solvit does not come in black or grey that would match my interior . The big issue is that this only attaches to the the head rests . So therefore you dog will go sliding around when you stop or take a turn . This may be due to my truck having leather . So DO NOT USE WITH LEATHER . The Solvit has many bottom attachments that keep it in place . Which leads to no dog sliding around .
 This is essentially a blanket with two thin straps on it to encircle the headrests . The fleece backing causes it to move all over the place . What a waste of money .
 the smell is ok . sadly , my dog 's coat was not softer after the bath . i like a clean soft dog and this shampoo does not do the trick.i have a few different dog shampoos and this is the last one i 'll reach for . it 's not worth my effort to return it .
 Does not leave the fur with luster . The product contains nothing to make grooming easy . Like the vet texts say -- gentle human detergent works best .
 The dogs loved these treats but they gave my GSD the runs . So no more for him ! I do n't know if it 's the ingredients or if the pup just has a sensitive stomach . So far these and mellow mut cause issues .
 Newman 's OwnOrganics Dog Treats for Small Size Dogs , Peanut Butter , 10-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- / My Pom would not eat one , he would live onTreats , if I let him.I only give him the best , like the above , but he did not go for this .
 SquirrelStop seemed to work OK when I tried it indoors . After hanging outside on a cold Pennsylvania day I saw a squirrel hanging on it eating from the feeder . I tested it and found I took a strong pull to get it to rotate and then it would not stop spinning . I 'm guessing the colder weather is a difficult environment for the device 's electronics . I 'm going back to a mechanical squirrel resistant feeder .
 Squirrels are very intelligent . If you have your feeder suspended on a pole , even if you installed the pole in the middle of nowhere , the squirrels can climb on the pole and put their weight on it . It makes the SquirrelStop spin and sends all the bird seeds to the ground . They 'll eat on the ground ! Birds do n't like squirrels and you wo n't see a bird when there are 3 of them eating around the pole . In a tree ? Same thing ... It is completely useless because it scares the squirrels for a day or two and they finally find a way to get the seeds . Very expensive product for a deceiving result . I removed that `` 3 D batteries '' spinner and I feed finches and hummingbirds now . Squirrels do n't like their food . I really do n't recommend that product . If you want to laugh , watch the video on the homepage of the manufacturer because you wo n't when you 'll receive your credit card statement .
 First of all , the picture of this item is a little misleading . I thought I was getting a feeder as well as the dome above it . Secondly , it did n't prove to be squirrel-proof . The squirrels just had to stretch down from above the dome and knock the feeder off the dome . My husband made some needed modifications to this item to outsmart the squirrels .
 have had to wean my 5 cats off fast food dry food & thought this would be a good start , but ... not so much . they loved it the first day & have snubbed it since . so much so that i bought a bag of friskies to mix it with so they will eat it til it 's gone . hate the thought of throwing money out the dumpster so they 're picking thru it & eating but can really tell they 're not happy !!! wo n't buy it again . will try harvest moon ingigo gold & see how that goes . finicky cats for sure !!! but they love their mashed spuds hehe .
 I 've been researching cat food options and was very excited to find this product . The ingredient list was amazing and the price was reasonable . However , not one of my five cats will touch it -- and none of them have ever been finicky eaters . I see that other reviewers have cats that love it , but I wish I had tried it with my cats before I invested in a large bag . Live and learn !
 This is a great idea , and I support it as far as I can . Unfortunately , 4 of my cats would not touch it after a few initial bites , and the fifth got all of the food and gained a lot of weight . I quickly switched back to science diet-pricy but they all love it and it gives me a fighting chance at keeping their weight down . I do hope most other cats like this .
 I have three persians who all love to eat , so after reading all the good reviews here and elsewhere I bought a 18lb bag . All my cats hated it ! They would sniff it a bit and walk away ! I 'm going back to feeding them Solid Gold Indigo Moon Holistic Cat Food , cost a little more but at least my cats like it .
 UPDATE > July 28th , 2012 > This food was RECALLED due to salmonella earlier this year . I googled the recall & Diamond foods and was shocked at what I learned ! This food is manufactured by DIAMOND , which has been know to manufacture many brand names and who are know for RECALLS for bad pet foods !!!! Because of the recipe change and then the recall , I WILL NO LONGER FEED ANY FOODs MANUFACTURED by Diamond ! I would not feed a human child any foods made by a company known for repeated recalled foods and I will not feed my furbabies it either!I have been feeding Chicken Soup to my dogs -LRB- fur babies -RRB- for years , great food ! I did n't realise they 're was a Chicken Soup cat food . . I was tired of coming home or waking up to find puk on my carpets from one or all of my 3 cats -LRB- other fur babies -RRB- . I tried to find a food they would not throw up , but ... Meow Mix = PUK , Purina Cat chow = PUK , Purina one chicken and rice = PUK ... I finally found this on amazon and for the HIGH quality and reasonable price I bought it ... My 3 cats love it , and NO MORE PUK !!!! Yeah !!! Been 8 mnths now and not a single throw up ... I will always feed this to my cats , and recommended it to others . .
 They changed the ingredients and shape of the cat food . My cat began sick after eating the new food . It threw up almost everyday for one week . First we thought it is hairball , then we realize it was the new cat food caused him sick . Nerve buy these food for my cat again !!!
 I tried this food for about 6 days . The first day our elderly cat began to throw-up . At first I thought it was just a coincidence since he is so fragile . I stopped giving him this food and with tummy meds he got better . By the 4th day , more cats were sick . By the 6th day , all 4 young healthy cats were sick . I stopped feeding this and went back to Iams . All were better overnight . This has happened to my cats before with `` generic '' brand foods . I thought this food would be good because of the supposed quality of ingredients . No so .
 I bought this last April -LRB- 2011 -RRB- thinking it 'd be wonderful for my cat to eat food without the fillers found in cat food sold in supermarkets . Up until the point I bought this , she 'd eaten Whiskas , Friskies , Meow Mix , & all the rest.At first , she ate the food . But as time went on , she began eating less & less of it & subsequently was not using her litter box as much . Very worrying . So I mixed in some new cat food from the supermarket . She gorged herself , got sick , & after making her wait until her stomach had settled a little before I put her dish back down , all she would eat was the supermarket food . If she got a mouthful of this cat food , she 'd spit it out & eat ONLY the supermarket food . This went on until recently , when I gave up & dumped out the remainder of this bag & switched back to her favorites.Now she 's happy , & that 's all that counts , right ?
 Just recieved my order . The kibble is now flat dots , not X 's . The formula/ingredients is very different . Now Chicken , chicken meal , cracked barley , chicken fat , turkey meal , white rice , potatoies , oatmeal , millet , natural chicken flavor , salmon , turkey , duck , ocean fish meal , flaxseed , sodium bisulgate egg product ... I called the phone number on the bag and only got a recording to `` leave a message '' . This is bait and switch.My cats looked at it and walked away .
 My cat has been eating this brand for about a year with no issues . Ever since they changed the kibble shape , my cat has been vomiting after his meals . I 'm guessing they must have changed more than just the kibble shape because something is not agreeing with him . I have been trying to figure out what else could be the issue . He is very healthy and I see no other changes in him . He is still his very energetic self which makes me think no health issues are to blame . I 've changed his food and so for no vomiting .
 My vet had given me the original wormer for my dog at a hefty price , and told me to worm him again in 10 days . He did fine with the wormer from the vet , it was just expensive . They did n't give me the second dose and I was n't going to be able to get there in the next 10 days -LRB- my vet 's 45 minutes away -RRB- . So , I decided to try this because it was quite a bit cheaper and much more convenient . I do n't know if it was just an allergic reaction or what , but I used the amount specified for my dog 's weight and my dog got very sick for 2 days after dosing him with this , so I can not give it a good review . I will pay the extra from the vet and make sure I leave there with the second dose if we ever need this again . My dog 's health is n't worth saving a few bucks . Just wish I had known .
 I was not sent the item that I ordered . I ordered the Brewers Yeast with Omega 3 . I am still waiting to receive my credit . I puchased the item the end of November - it is now the begininng of January 2007 . Doreen - Yorkville , IL
 This litter does not cover cat oder . I have to scoop immediately after because this does not cover the smell . I find the best thing to do is mix baking soda daily in the litter . I will never buy this again .
 I purchased this at my local grocery store and it stinks . Literally . Does not cover the smell . There are many other brands out there that make your house smell better than if you did n't have a litter box at all.Accidentally purchased this product last week -LRB- in a rush -RRB- and I remembered that I had tried it a few months ago and it 's horrible.Do yourself a favor and get FreshStep Multi Cat . It 's far superior to this product .
 Clumping litter has one job to do
 I 've been using this for a little while and it 's the worst litter Arm & Hammer sells . It does n't clump at all . I have to scoop out dark , urine-soaked litter that reeks of ammonia . It 's really dusty , too .
 This is the worst litter I 've ever used . It did NOTHING for covering odors . Seriously , I 've never used a litter before that could n't even cover one day 's worth of build-up . I actually ended up mixing in baking soda and powdered laundry detergent to help mask the smells . A way for Arm & Hammer to make more money ? Do n't waste your money on this . Use Fresh Step Multi-Cat instead .
 This cat litter is terrible !! I thought I was n't cleaning the litter box as often as I should have been , but the problem was n't my cleaning habits , but the litter itself ! I clean my cat 's box every single day and for the apartment to STILL be smelling like hell is a sign that I needed a new litter brand . I finally bought a new brand and what an amazing difference . This litter does not compare . Arm & Hammer multi-cat litter does n't clump well and does not get rid of any odors . The only time my apartment would n't smell was when my cat had fresh , new litter and a clean washed box . I 'm so glad I switched to another brand because I honestly wasted my money buying this brand .
 For starters , the 1046 is like 75gph and for most applications it is far too weak to push water through a UV Sterilizer . I bought this to power my Coralife 18W UV Sterilizer and there was a constant air pocket in the intake tube . Tried burping the unit by powering off , still lots of airpocket was unable to be eliminated . Also , the unit was prone to leaking . It did n't leak a lot but the bottom of the unit was always wet . Any movement would cause it to leak more . Some of it was coming from the intake barb and a tiny drip bubble formed around the rubber impeller drip O-ring seal . I tried calling Eheim but no support numbers on user manual . Googled Eheim but only found it when I browsed forum . I then called number and was told they would have to call me back but never did . I would not recomend this product to anybody using a tank bigger than 10 gallons . I bought the Mahineland 900 and that works awesome !! Was able to power up my UV sterilizer just find .
 IF YOUR DOG EARS AARE EVEN SLIGHTLY SENTSATIVE THEN YOU MIGHT WANT TO YOU IT . THE CHEMICALS CAN BE STRONG AND CAUSE PAIN AND ITCHING
 The package arrived squished . The product itself was dusty and seemed used , like it had been used and then shoved in a warehouse .
 I bought the Tidy Cats Litter Box Deodorizer the other day . Today I used it and I have to say that I wo n't keep using it . It has a really strong perfume like smell -LRB- almost like those things you hang in a toilet bowl to make is smell better -RRB- . To me it smells disgusting . It might work , but I 'm going to throw it out .
 I never did find the right ones -LRB- size -RRB- to order -- just the one that came with the Booda Box . The ones I thought went with the box are too small . One would think the company might read the reviews and also try stronger bags . Also , the old rectangular box is my preference and one ca n't find those any longer . Litter collects on the steps . Very disappointing . Makes me think I will be looking for a new system and dropping Booda .
 A problem I had with liners in my -LRB- round -RRB- Booda Dome litter box was that they were designed for rectangular boxes . This leaves at least two areas in the litter box where the liner folds over on itself and crumples up , due to the excess material . `` Big deal , '' I thought at first , but then it became something of a hassle because quite interestingly my cat seems to be really good at aiming at those spots , and they 're a pain to clean out without shredding the bag over a relatively short amount of time.So I was excited to find liners FOR THE BOODA DOME itself . No store near me sold these , so I finally decided to order them . I was n't too happy when I realized the $ 7 shipping was n't for these plus the other two things I bought combined , but for the liners only . So I forked out $ 11 for twelve liners . I guess if I 'm switching the liner once a month , that 's less than $ 1 a month for a year , so nothing to cry over too much . Except I put the first one in today and it turns out these liners are designed for rectangular boxes , just like the ones I can get for $ 2 and no shipping at Petsmart across town . I 'm baffled and kind of annoyed , now . On the plus side I have liners for a while , but I wasted my money to get them . Lesson learned .
 The picture is not what you will get . The item that was received is shaped like a stretched diamond with the widest point at 1-1/2 inches only at a tiny point in the center . Obviously you ca n't overlap your 2x 1-1/2 hoses over each other on this tiny point , so unless one of the hoses are less than 1-1/2 inches , this will not work . The product pictured would of been nice , as it has a thicker section in the center with each side appearing to be 1-1/2 inches and not a single sharp 1-1/2 inch point in the center like the item received . Oh so lame .
 I tried to connect two 11/2 &#34; hoses for my pond . This adapter does not work the spacing for the adapter does not allow it to join both hoses .
 The two prior reviews address the dry food and the dog stew ... NOT the cat stew . I really wanted my cats to like this food ... natural , Ellen DeGenerous owns part of the company , Ellen LOVES animals ... but I am extremely disappointed.Cats are carnivores . They derive all of the vitamins and minerals they need from meat and meat byproducts . This stew contains whole peas , bits of carrot , potato and who knows what else . Does anyone 's cat eat peas on a regular basis ? Carrots ? Potatos ? I 've had cats that will try anything once ... sometimes to my dismay ... but never twice , let alone daily.I tried this on all three of my cats . One sniffed it and looked at me like I was trying to poison her , one actually did lick it ... then backed away like it bit her , the last one came within a foot and ran to the furthest part of the house.Feed this to your small dog ... bet they would love it . Even feed it to a guest you do n't like much ... everyone has a creepy uncle , do n't they ? But do n't try it on your cats.Sorry , Ellen ... whoever told you cats like peas ... lied .
 I purchased this without doing much shopping around and I regret it . I 'm running it in a 20 gal aquarium I recently pulled out of storage and am disappointed . The filtration is about average -LRB- and adequate for my tank -RRB- for this type of filter , but , compared to the two other hang on the back filters I 've had this one is much too loud.It 's the impeller and it makes a rattling noise . I 've taken it out and cleaned it , and let it run for 48 hours , and then stopped it and reseated it , hoping to get it to quiet down , but to no avail . I 've had it running for 4 days now and have n't even put any fish in because I do n't want to stress them out from the noise and vibrations . I do n't think I 'll return it , but it 's looking more like a waste of money every day .
 This `` Improved '' Filter is a BIG loser ! If you have a power failure it will not consistantly restart ! I bought 5 Penguin 150 's and 4 are in service . When power fails sometimes one will not restart , and one time none of the four would restart ! I turn them off to feed the fish and 95 % of the time one or more of them will NOT restart . I have to pour a little water into the impeller area to get a prime going . Think about when you go on vacation and you have a power failure just after you depart . Dead fish!This is a failure of engineering and failure of quality control.When I called the United Pet Group -LRB- the owners of MarineLand -RRB- I got a runaround . They asked if I had sand in it , If I had cleaned it , if I had an air leak in the intake tube -LRB- all four of them new ?! -RRB- and a bunch of questions to NOT answer the question of what is wrong with this `` New '' series of Penguin Filters . You better believe they know what the problem is and why it is a problem but it will be to expensive to recall all the filters out there . So us suckers will buy a failed product . I expect more of MarineLand!I am buying all the Penguin 125 's -LRB- the old version -RRB- I can find on eBay to replace these units .
 IF YOU ARE PLANNING TO PURCHASE THIS FOR YOUR BEDROOM PLEASE READ BEFORE DOING SO !!! OH MY GOODNESS !! This filter is super mega loud.It literally sounds like a little lawn mower.If you plan to purchase this for an aquarium in your bedroom , please do n't . The product itself is good , I see that it cleans well , but JEEZ the noise is not worth it.If you plan to purchase this filter for anywhere in your house , besides your bedroom than that is a good idea.OH MY GOSH ITS SO LOUD , that I am losing concentration while writing this review .
 This was the second filter I owned . The first was a Tetra for a 15 gallon tank , and was undersized for my tank . It 's 20 gallons , but has a heavy bio-load thanks to a dozen fish that were born in our tank . We purchased the Pengiun 150 to handle the extra load as well as to have all of the other features -LRB- Bio-Wheel , optional midlevel intake , ability to have two filters , etc. -RRB- . What I came to realize is how delicate this filter is , as I do n't mean it 's fragile . By delicate , I mean that it works well as long as everything is perfect ; no gunk in the intake , a perfectly clean filter , and a new Bio-Wheel . The problem is what happens when things go slightly wrong . The filters themselves are nothing special . In fact , I 'd say they 're inadequate . The have good filter floss , very little carbon , and then the water flows and hits the Bio-Wheel . That gives you mechanical , chemical , and biological filtration . Another issue with the filters is that they 're proprietary and all-in-one . That means it 's very difficult to find or make another one , forcing you to buy the manufacturers filters.The problem I ran into is that if the filter gets slightly clogged , water will pour out the overflow . That water goes through absolutley no filtration . Also , what water does make it through the filter is n't enough to drive the Bio-Wheel , so that water had mechanical filtration , very little chemical filtration , and no biological filtration . The filter box says to change every 2-4 weeks , but mine were getting clogged in 5 days ! You can put two filters in the housing , but if the first is clogged , the water will just pour out the overflow.I read the reviews and I cleaned this sucker out with pipe brushes and got it spotless . All of that cleaning did n't fix anything . Even with everything cleaned and new , except for the Bio-Wheel , it quickly loses performance.With this filter running , we 've had three bacterial blooms ... I could only recommend this filter for what is already a fairly clean tank and low-bioload .
 This filter came with a Marineland 10 gallon tank kit , and it quit working twice in less than 24 hours . My boyfriend took it apart and somehow got it to work again till it finally just stopped altogether a few hours later . We took it back to the pet store and got another one and this one vibrates and is extremely loud . Even though the first one broke it was only slightly noisy.Lesson learned ; even though it 'll cost more I 'll put the next tank together with separate pieces that I will heavily research first.I would not recommend this filter .
 I was very disapointed with this purchase . I had two many years ago on a marine 55gal . I am now running a 29 gal fresh and am pretty heavily stocked so I figured I use the old standby . This filter was extremely loud . Not water running loud but mechanical vibration loud . I leveled it , pulled the impeller out a few times to check for problems , nothing . After doing a little web research I found they pretty much just do n't make them how they used to . I 'd get the penguin 350 , does n't quite have the capacity but more liveable .
 Purchased the Marineland Penguin 200 at the advice of an employee in a local pet store . This was supposed to be `` almost as good as the Fluval filter , just as quiet , but with lower maintenance and cost '' . My husband installed the filter as part of a new aquarium set up . Immediately upon startup , there was an awful grinding noise and a very loud water noise . We read that others had issues with the grinding and it went away overnight . Not wanting to return it , we went to bed and hoped for the best.In the morning , the grinding noise had dissipated greatly ... about 90 % better . However , it was still noticeable to me -LRB- I have good hearing -RRB- and the water noise was still there in full force . I might mention we had the water level full . In addition , there was a very large puddle of water on the hood from splashing . We wiped it up but thirty minutes later , it was back and needed to be wiped again . And again . I would be afraid to leave this filter running if we went out of town for the weekend -- truly believe it would cause a small water damage!Less than 24 hours after installation , we wound up removing , drying and exchanging it for a Fluval C3 . Very happy with that decision as we ca n't hear anything unless standing next to it and I have n't seen a single drop of water on the hood .
 bought this because my old filter was too loud and this new one was louder . I called and got a replacement empeller under warranty and installed the new part and that did not help . Was able to return and get a full refund which was good .
 I have the old BIO-wheel filter for 10g aquarium . It was perfect ; was n't too loud , had a good flow rate , and best of all
 The first Penguin Bio Wheel 350 that I bought for my 55 gallon worked 21/2 years flawlessly . Then after changing the water in my tank back in January it died . I tried everything customer service recommended , but it just would n't work . I bought another from my local pet store that day . Three months later , after unplugging it to clean my tank , it too died . I could hear the motor , but it just would n't run . Yes , I added water to the reservoir before plugging it back in . Again , I called customer service , did everything they suggested and nothing . I needed a filter system fast and called the local store where I bought it and they kindly let me trade it in for another one.That was April . It is now July . I unplugged it for one second this morning and now it wo n't come back on . I tried cleaning every square inch of the filter , the propeller , the housing , called customer service , and they were no help . The lady was quite rude , actually.I 'm now forced to buy a new system today in order to save my fish . I do n't have the time to wait to order online . I will not buy from Penguin again , as there is definitely something wrong with this model and their customer service . I kept everything clean and well-maintained . It 's a shame , because it is a great filter system when it works.The first unit that did last 21/2 years had a different box . Perhaps they changed the model in some way , cheaper parts perhaps , that makes it inferior to the one I bought 3 years ago . Anyhow , I felt compelled to leave this review so this does n't happen to someone else .
 Priming after cleaning or power outage just takes too long , if you get it primed at all . All the advise is useless . It 's a bad design . You can hear the impeller cavitate - it 's trying to pump , but it takes a cup and patience to fill and refill the thing until IT finally decides to pump some water . And if you have it pumping , it 's barely enough to get the wheel going . Did I mention that it eats cartridges - one a week is not uncommon at all since the floss is too fine . It cost a fortune to operate this thing and then the time it takes to clean the impeller that clogs to easily . When I first got it I thought , well people just do n't know how to operate and maintain a tank , but let me tell you
 I received this product in an aquatic quasi-emergency situation . Hooked it up only to discover that TWO essential parts were missing ! After a wait for replacement parts , I hooked the device up again only to discover that the device itself was improperly constructed and will not function properly . Save yourself the frustration and buy a competing model !
 The pump just bubbles . There is not a tight seal between the pump and the pipe . I tried for 90 minutes to get it to start . Had it going for about 10 seconds but it quit.Appears to be made of really cheap molded PVC . It 's not expensive , but then again it does not work either.Also , it is extremely loud .
 Had this a year and it was not good ... it would lose prime and was a pain to get working again after cleaning . It was also VERY noisy ! Bought a self prime canister filter instead .
 This filter has got to be the crappiest one on the market . It ALWAYS lost its prime . And for the love of all things silent , I could not get this thing to shut up . I could hear it halfway across the house - no joke . I will never buy a product from this company again . Whether I just got a bad one or it 's a trademark for this company 's product performance , I do n't know . And I do n't care , either . Did n't even last two weeks . And I bought it from a pet store that is reputable and has never done me wrong , so I do n't think that it had anything to do with them.This is without a doubt the biggest piece of crap in Craptown.Maybe this works for everyone else , and I certainly hope it does , but I 'll never ever Ever EVER get ANYTHING from Marineland again.Thanks for wasting about $ 30 bucks . Hopefully it can go into R&D ; so guys you can figure it out one day.Tetra , here we go !
 Purchased filter from Foster and Smith . Looked good when I opened box . Set it up on tank and plugged it in . Nothing happened . The motor was dead . Sent it back and got refund .
 Because of christmas shopping I was doing I forget I ordered this , I never received my package can u please look into this
 I received this filter with a broken filter box . I tried to contact MarineLand via email and six days later had not heard back . During that time , during business hours , their customer service phone line said it was out of business hours , or if I did get through , wait times exceeded 30 minutes . Returning item at a loss of shipping charges to me -LRB- !!! -RRB- I 'll never buy from this company again , no matter how good their products might be .
 As a lot of the other reviewers have stated , these are not made like they used to . I replace a cheap Regent I bought from Wal-Mart about 11 years ago with this , since it was getting noisy and started not coming back after power failures . I also had a smaller Marineland bio-wheel unit on my 30 gal before I sold it.Anyway , this is not the hard black plastic , but flimsier clear plastic . The top cover piece already has a stress fracture in it when I opened it . I know Amazon would let me return it because they have always been fantastic to me , but it wo n't be seen or affect performance so I do n't want to mess with returning it . But you can tell this is n't the same quality as they used to be . Hopefully the core parts will still function a long time , as there is n't a lot that can wear out if you keep the impeller area clean.Another thing to be aware of is that if you are going from a non-biowheel unit like I did , the filter might be hitting the light if you have not had a lot of extra room there in the past . I have to move my tank cover off track just slightly to be able to turn my light on .
 Has caused me nothing but trouble and the loss of a fish . I bought this filter for a 30 gallon gold fish tank , as what I thought would be an upgrade . With-in a month both of my large gold fish had ick , which eventually killed one of them . Since then I test my water very frequently and have found that even with a 50 percent water change I can not keep the nitrates at a safe level.The manufacture suggested that I change the filter media once a week , and do a 50 percent water change at the same time.I do not have the time or money for this filter . Will not be purchasing another Marineland product .
 OMG it is loud ! I installed it yesterday -LRB- 9/10/12 -RRB- . The motor is out of balance some house . Marineland mentions it on their website , and provides a phone number . I 'll call them today . : - -LRB-
 Overall , I am very disappointed with the quality of this product . Its obvious Marineland is trying to cut cost by using lower quality materials . The sides of the housing are n't completely flat . The plastic is so cheap that it feels like the housing is buckling inwards . The motor is a lot noisier than I had hoped . It 's noisy enough that I would n't recommend having it in the bedroom.I am a long time Magnum 350 and H.O.T. Magnum user . Those filters are a very good quality material . The only reason i got an Emperor was because I wanted a quick media change solution.I got this thing for around $ 30 . It came from Petco via Amazon . Took about a week to arrive even though I 'm a Prime member . All things considered , I got what I paid for . A cheap filter that does the job .
 Broken within two months , extreme noise . Not reliable at all , wish I had saved the receipt . Now I am sitting with a pile of filters , do n't know what to do .
 After reading both good and bad reviews on this filter , I decided -LRB- hopefully -RRB- the good outweighed the bad and went ahead and bought one for my 75 gal tank . BIG MISTAKE . The impeller/motor was EXTREMELY noisy . Lots of buzzing and rattling . Tried a variety of things to fix it including taking everything apart , cleaning , putting it all back together -LRB- did n't work -RRB- and then after reading some online tips even tried vaseline . Nothing worked . Clearly a significant defect.I ended up returning it to my local fish store and one of the associates there told me they get these filters returned to them quite a bit ... Buyer beware . You are rolling the dice.I swapped it for an Aqueon that pumps 400 gal/hr for the exact same price , which is MUCH quieter.Also , the Penguin 350 did n't have much room behind the cartridges in the filter box for much other media if you are thinking of adding extra media bags . It was a tight fit . The Aqueon I am using now has more room in it and is doing great .
 I did my homework ... Decided that this would be the one for me because I really like the `` bio-wheel . '' So I purchased from amazon , this very same posting a week ago . Shipping was on time , overall a great experience . Then I opened the box , and the product quickly earned a single star in my book . OUT OF THE BOX THIS FILTER DID NOT WORK . THE MOTOR WAS DEAD . So then I was able to return to a local pet store and do an exchange . THE SAME FILTER BRAND NEW FROM A NATION-WIDE PET STORE WORKED ... . BUT WATER LEAKED RIGHT OUT OF THE BOTTOM ALL OVER THE FLOOR.TERRIBLE quality , go with the Tetra Whisper , I did and my floor and fish are happier for it .
 i bought this filter to go into my MARINELAND 56 gallon tank . When I recieved it I found out that it wouldnt fit down into the tank like it was supposed to . Since I opened it and put it together before I measured i wasnt able to return it . So now it is sitting in my garage waiting to see if someone needs it .
 I 've owned three Penguin 200s and two Emperor 280s . The Emperors are flawless , but these Penguins , what junk ! They become noisy ; they rattle . They lose suction and overheat . They work beautifully for a few months and then the impeller starts to give out . I waste hours trying to position it perfectly so that it will draw again . What annoys me most of all is that the replacement cost of the impeller is 2/3 the costs of the new unit . I 've now replaced all but one Penguin with an Emperor . It seems silly to have an Emperor on a 10 gallon tank , but they last and perform flawlessly . Save your money . I ca n't tell by looking but my experience shows that the build quality of the higher price model makes it well worth the difference .
 After the first month or so , the bio wheel would stop spinning - not just slow , but stop altogether . I was advised by store personnel and the Marineland hotline to clean the impeller , well and tube . I 've done that several times with little change . The wheel would move a little , then stop . I 've tried changing the filter frequently , still no effect . Should I change the impeller ? I 'm thinking of scrapping the unit and go with an Emperor 280 - it has two pumps , one for filtration and the other for the bio wheel .
 This `` Improved '' Filter is a BIG loser ! If you have a power failure it will not consistantly restart ! I bought 5 Penguin 150 's and 4 are in service . When power fails sometimes one will not restart , and one time none of the four would restart ! I turn them off to feed the fish and 95 % of the time one or more of them will NOT restart . I have to pour a little water into the impeller area to get a prime going . Think about when you go on vacation and you have a power failure just after you depart . Dead fish!This is a failure of engineering and failure of quality control.When I called the United Pet Group -LRB- the owners of MarineLand -RRB- I got a runaround . They asked if I had sand in it , If I had cleaned it , if I had an air leak in the intake tube -LRB- all four of them new ?! -RRB- and a bunch of questions to NOT answer the question of what is wrong with this `` New '' series of Penguin Filters . You better believe they know what the problem is and why it is a problem but it will be to expensive to recall all the filters out there . So us suckers will buy a failed product . I expect more of MarineLand!I am buying all the Penguin 125 's -LRB- the old version -RRB- I can find on eBay to replace these units .
 I have a 75 gallon aquarium with two Koi -LRB- 1 - 12 inch & 1 - 5 inch -RRB- , two Red Cap Orandas and four baby Koi -LRB- the size of a half dollar -RRB- and four baby Red Cap Oranda -LRB- in a breeders net -RRB- . Do n't lecture me , I do n't plan on keeping the babies and I did n't plan on babies either . lol . To get to my point Koi are messy as heck and I bring them in from my pond in the fall/winter season . I bought the Marineland Penguin 350 filter on the advice and feedback that it works really well , but for me I ' cleaning it daily because the bio-wheels are continually stopping . It 's really getting to be a hassel and the filters are not full of gunk and there is nothing built up around the bio-wheels to make them stop . Water level is up where it should be and it 's definately not doing it 's job cleaning my water in the aquarium because my water is dirty . I should n't have to be doing continual partial water changes either . The noise I do n't hear except the relaxing sound of water running through the filter , but to me that 's all this filter does . My suggestion is do n't waste your money . When I had my fish -LRB- I only had one koi and one Oranda which were way smaller -RRB- in a 10 gallon aquarium last year with a cheap under gravel filter , my aquarium was cleaner than the way this thing worked and I have n't done anything different .
 btw I paid SEVENTY BUCKS for this at my local Petco . Here it is on Amazon for $ 40 ? I am not pleased!I am even less pleased since the unit I purchased to replace an OLDER MODEL of this Marineland product was so NOISY that I had to call up their customer service number -LRB- WE ARE EXPERIENCING AN UNUSUALLY HIGH CALL VOLUME yeah right like I have n't heard that * every time * I 've called some company over the past ten years -- what they mean is WE KNOW WE 'VE UNDERSTAFFED OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT BUT HEH ASK US IF WE CARE HOW LONG YOU WAIT WE ALREADY HAVE YOUR MONEY -RRB- and complain -- they did send out a new unit plus sent a label I printed out to return the old one.Ah , but now , two weeks later ? The new-new unit is sounding like a handful of gravel in a clothes dryer again . It 's the noisiest thing in my house , and that , unfortunately , is no exaggeration . It is not convenient to disassemble the aquarium hood , drain and remove the filter and examine it for `` carbon particles '' which is the phrase the people at Marineland used.How come my OLD Emperor unit worked silently for years on end but these two new models are both NOISY ? And , as other reviewers have noted , there is no longer a convenient manual adjustment to reduce water flow ! How did they feel this was any kind of improvement over the old design ?! The old Emperor was terrific . This one STINKS . And I can not believe that Petco charged me $ 30 over the online Amazon price . That 's really adding insult to injury . Kind of thing that really angers me . -- Hey ! I found a GREAT way to completely eliminate the noise this disappointing Emperor 400 makes -- first , you order aAquaClear 50 Power Filter - 110 V , UL Listed -LRB- Includes AquaClear 50 Carbon , AquaClear 50 Foam & AquaClear 50 BioMax , then carefully unplug , drain and remove your extremely noisy -LRB- and expensive -RRB- Emperor 400 -- then assemble your new AquaClear 50 , place on tank , fill with water and plug in . Hear the difference ? THE AQUACLEAR 50 IS QUIET IN OPERATION AS OPPOSED TO THIS NOISY FILTER WHICH WAS NEARLY THREE TIMES THE COST . Glad I could help . You 're welcome . Have a nice day !
 This pump has a manufacture defect with the right side bearing loose for the bio-wheel on the right side , causing the wheel not to rotate .
 I bought the 400 and got is 2 days later . It was missing a bio wheel bearing . I called customer service and they are sending me one . At this point I had not plugged it in , when I did is was louder than the filter I 'm replacing because it 's really loud . I sent it back and got another today . No missing parts but holy crap it 's loud . I called customer service for 3rd time , they offered to send new parts and would not promise it would fix it . Marineland needs to address these manufacturing defects in a way that let 's me open a box and the product will work as advertised . If The replacement parts do n't fix the problem , I 'm stuck with a P.O.S. that is no good because they say the parts will be here in 2 weeks ! I 'm guessing longer ... I 'm sending it back and buying another brand.Emperor 400 Pro Series Bio-wheel Power Filter - Up to 90 gallon , Rite Size `` E ''
 NOISY - Apparently a faulty impeller . Customer Service for this product offered a new impeller it never arrived.The seller offered an excellent service but the product is of low quality .
 This `` Improved '' Filter is a BIG loser ! If you have a power failure it will not consistantly restart ! I bought 5 Penguin 150 's and 4 are in service . When power fails sometimes one will not restart , and one time none of the four would restart ! I turn them off to feed the fish and 95 % of the time one or more of them will NOT restart . I have to pour a little water into the impeller area to get a prime going . Think about when you go on vacation and you have a power failure just after you depart . Dead fish!This is a failure of engineering and failure of quality control.When I called the United Pet Group -LRB- the owners of MarineLand -RRB- I got a runaround . They asked if I had sand in it , If I had cleaned it , if I had an air leak in the intake tube -LRB- all four of them new ?! -RRB- and a bunch of questions to NOT answer the question of what is wrong with this `` New '' series of Penguin Filters . You better believe they know what the problem is and why it is a problem but it will be to expensive to recall all the filters out there . So us suckers will buy a failed product . I expect more of MarineLand!I am buying all the Penguin 125 's -LRB- the old version -RRB- I can find on eBay to replace these units .
 As everyone else stated , the wheel stops turning shortly after purchase . We have to clean our tank incessantly , thus negating the whole point of a filter . It 's more like a water recycler .
 I bought my first penguin 150 at a pet store for my 29 gallon freshwater tank . Less than six months later , the filter stopped working after I unplugged it to clean my aquarium . I tried numerous things to get it to restart -LRB- cleaned the propeller , intake , etc -RRB- and nothing worked . I could n't let my fish go without a filter for another 24 hours so I went back to the pet store and bought another one hoping that it was just a freak incident . However , I am now in the same position that I was in before , with a non-functioning Penguin filter ! DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK !!! Unless you 're cool with spending money on something that is supposed to carry out a vital function for your fish , only to have it stop working several months later , do NOT waste your money !
 I thought this would be enough to handle my 50 gallon breeder tank , but I was dissapointed . It does n't seem to be powerful enough to filter the whole tank . On another note ... this thing is HUGE . I think I would have been much happier going up to the emperor 400 . I noticed that a lot of times the water will simply go up and over the carbon filter and out . Instead of passing through it.Also , if you were looking for something quiet . . this is not it . Even with the water level very high it sounds like a mini waterfall .
 To start , the right bio-wheel never seated correctly and has n't spun . Although it was brand new , I kept it anyway . Should have returned it ! Within a few months , it has become LOUD . I will not buy this brand again .
 Let 's talk about the filter itself . It is essentially useless once the filter cartridge gets clogged because all the water is directed to the overflow outlet . Therefore , the water does n't flow over the biowheel , which is the whole purpose of this particular filter . This is n't hard to do , even if the filter is n't that clogged . Luckily , since my tank had been cycled , there has been little to no buildup on the filter pad.The biggest problem I have with this model is the impeller unit . After a couple weeks of trying to cycle my tank with this , the impeller began to make rattling noises . I figured perhaps if I let it run a while and allowed it to build a slime coat , it would ease the noise . Soon the noise increased to the point where it sounded like a jack hammer being run in the next room . I cleaned it out several times and it continued to make the noise . On inspection , the impeller shaft seemed to be worn out . I thought that perhaps I got a faulty impeller , so I ordered a replacement impeller -LRB- which is not cheap relative to the cost of the entire filter , almost a third of the price -RRB- . I put in the new impeller and it ran okay for two months . Out of the blue , the horrible rattling noise came back again when I was cleaning out the tank . It was complete de ja vu ... I cleaned out the entire filter , even replaced the filter cartridge , and the noise was still there . Upon inspection of the impeller - surprise - the shaft had been worn down again . I decided just to scrap the entire thing , as I figured I would just double the cost of this if I had to buy another impeller.If you need a cheap temporary filter or perhaps something you can give to your amateur friends who do n't know any better and will not mind the torturous noise this thing makes , than this is for you . I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 because it did manage to last without problems for two months .
 I read reviews for this product which was mix reviews . it was either really good or no good . I decided to order it on amazon . Turns out it was really really loud and noisy . I have a penguin 150 that still works like a champ . the quality of the emperor is really cheap . i called marineland what was going on and the sent me some parts , but still really loud . . Well didnt work for me . . would not recommend this to anyone .
 I have many years experience with two different models of Whisper 's HOB filters . I have always been pleased with them . A couple of years ago when setting up a 10g tank for my daughter I decided to try a bio wheel 100 . It works and I am still using it , but I have been kind of disappointed for several reasons.I dislike several things about the replacement cartridges . First , they are expensive . Second , because they are sealed one-piece units you have to throw the whole thing away when servicing the filter . I much prefer the Whisper system employing a reusable plastic frame over which you slide replacement filter sleeves . Less waste , less trash in the landfill . Also being sealed , you have no options on the use of carbon or other media in these cartridges . Personally I am not a fan of using carbon in my aquariums . I do n't hate it , but I think it is unnecessary . On the Whisper filters I simply left it out . I guess I could cut a slice in the Penguin cartridges and try to shake out the carbon , but that is a hassle . On the other hand , for people who are big fans of carbon , there is no option to add additional carbon -LRB- or any other type of chemical media -RRB- in these cartridges . On the Whisper cartridges there is room to add double , or even triple , the normal amount of carbon if you wish . No such option on these . What you get is what you get . Third , the cartridges are overly complicated and too easy to insert incorrectly . There are eight possible orientations that you could try to insert the cartridge into the filter , and only one is right . It is relatively easy to figure out , but my 12 year old daughter has gotten it wrong several times . There is no reason for it to be so complicated or finicky.The filter is also much more finicky than the Whispers are about priming and restarting after being serviced . It seems that the impeller is very easily air-locked . It is common for mine to grind and growl for 2 or 3 minutes before purging itself of air and pumping again . And this is with the tank and filter both completely full of water . Not a big deal , but it seems a design weakness to me.Lastly are issues with the bio-wheel itself . Initially I thought this seemed like a good idea , but the more I looked at it and thought about it the more I came to think that its many cynics might be right ; this thing is probably 90 % gimmick . I admit that it does a great job of exposing beneficial bacteria to both water and air -LRB- when it is actually turning - more on this below -RRB- but I have a hard time believing that it has anywhere near the surface area needed to truly be an effective biological filter . That does not make it bad , just useless.As to the bio-wheel turning , this is a never ending issue . And from reading on the web I see that I am far from alone . It seems that the maximum flow rate the filter can produce under ideal conditions is extremely close to the minimum flow rate required to turn the wheel . I would guess that only about a 10 % reduction in flow rate is required to stall the wheel . And this reduction can be caused by
 Emperor 400 Pro Series Bio-wheel Power Filter - Up to 90 gallon , Rite Size `` E `` I recently bought a new Emperor 400 to replace the old one that I had used for 3 years . The old unit had worked beautifully.I agree with several of the reviewers that the quality of the filter is not as good as it once was and in addition , the customer service of Marineland is lacking as well.Yes , this filter moves a whole lot of water very rapidly . I have a 75 gal . tank and this system keeps the water clean.The problem I have is the loud noise that it makes while running . The water splashing back into the tank is not as loud as the sound of the impeller turning . It sounds like a motor boat engine that is about to die.I sent emails to the customer service site of Marineland asking for help and so far I have received no reply other than a computer generated one thanking me for my inquiry.I have called the Marineland customer service number three times and each time I had at least a 15 minute wait before someone came on the line to help me.The final outcome is this
 I had a Marineland filter just like this a few years ago . I always thought it was a little loud . I was always under the impression that it was loud b/c it was old . Well , I recently bought this product and sent it right back when I heard the same sounds coming from it . I had this im my bedroom where I slept so I could n't sleep with the inconsistant clicking/grinding sounds from the impeller -LRB- or whatever was making the noise -RRB- . I tried purchasing one more from the local store just to see if I had some bad luck . . but I got the same annoying sounds.So while I 'm sure the biowheel works great , this product just did n't suit my needs . I now use the Aquaclear filters in all my tanks .
 This filter was never silent to begin with , but for a while it was quiet enough to not be a nuisance . As time went on , however , the noise gradually became more and more of a problem . Now , after about a year and a half , this thing has got to go . It buzzes obnoxiously loud , and it has become unbearable . Apparently , Marineland sells a replacement impeller that 'll fix this problem -LRB- or lessen it -RRB- , but the price of the impeller is only 10 dollars less than a brand new filter . Seems like a waste of time to me.So overall , this filter is nice looking , and it 'll work for a while , but it 's not a quality long term solution . I 'd shop elsewhere .
 There is not a seal and the filter does not work . Do not buy !
 It worked for about a month then I came home from work and it was smoking and where the motor is the plastic around it is melted . . I also run a pet store and I started reading reviews offline and found out that this is n't the first time this has happened with marineland filters . So now my customers only buy fluval and I recommend canister filters for any aquarium 30 + gallons . . I no longer sale these filters and I wish I could get my money back . . what if this had burned my house down with my kids in there . . this is a fire hazard . .
 I got this based on reviews on Amazon . I have to admit its a nicly built unit but its way too much for my 36 gal setup . The water out put is blowing My fish away . They stay clear of the corner of the tank where its hung . I am also not inpressed with its filtering . I have the tube extended fully down in the tank and I notice small particals of matter just get push around in my tank and not sucked up into the intake . Another thing is the filter box is HUGE ! I have a T5 HO 4x 31w light and it sits too tall so I cant move the light back where I need it . I would have to hang the light by chains if I continued to use this beastNo way to adjust the output of the filterSo I am rethinking my filtering needs and dumping this water blaster in favor if a Fluval F3 that does have adjustable output . I am reading many good things on the F3 on you tube
 I 've owned marineland 350 and 200 for over a year they work great . Got this one for a new 65 gal tank and it is super loud . The rattling driving me crazy i have done every trick in the book still super load . I guess i 'll just get a aqua clear 70 in a few weeks and use this piece for a spare .
 Well I ca n't say much about performance so far . What I know out of the box it is noise . Nope it is not splashing water as I filled that up . Problem is the actual pump is noise . We see what happens after a return if the second one will be the same . Reading other reviews I am skeptical if I should get the same one again .
 The tank is always cloudy and I am considering getting a new filter because I am afraid my fish will die .
 I have been using a Marineland Bio-Wheel 280 for over a year now and each month it is a horrible chore to clean the thing . In addition it 's noisy . Sure it filters okay , but I got so tired of having to clean the thing I decided , just for convenience , try a much less expensive and LESS powerful filter . I got a Whisper 20-40 . I was shocked that the Whisper 20-40 works a LOT better than this 280 and churns out a lot more power with truly whisper quality noise . Easy to maintain too . I put my Marineland Bio-Wheel 280 in the shack and will probably throw it away.THE MARINELAND BIO-WHEEL 280 IS A PAIN TO START -- TRY GETTING IT RUN WITHOUT THAT WHIRR WHIRR WHIRR LIKE IT 'S IN PAIN TO A STEADY FLOW TAKES ABOUT 5 TO 7 MINUTES WITH CONSTANT THROWING WATER IN THE CONTAINER . The Whisper 20-40 only took 10 seconds with the container even just half full of water . So what 's the deal with this 280 ? As far as I 'm concerned it 's a waste of money . THE BIOWHEEL IS ALSO TERRIBLE -- sure bacteria grows on it , but take it out of the water for a few minutes say goodbye to your colony .
 This filter is so noisy . I am not happy with this product . I bought this filter because of good feedbacks . You will be sorry if you buy it .
 I bought this filter a few months back . I set it all up correctly , went to turn it on and it did n't even turn on . It was completely dead . I guess I got a dud , either that or just do n't order it from the pet supply company ! Could n't return it . What a waste of money !
 I replaced my old reliable Emperor 400 with two Emperor 280 because of changes in tank configuration ruling out use of the wide 400 . My 14 year old model 400 has been a trouble free , trusted and reliable tank fixture for many years . A well thought out design with it 's main negative being slightly noisy.It is n't clear to me that the changes are even a cost saver for the company , and certainly not an improvement in the product . I could find not a single improvement among the changes . And to add insult to downgrade , most of the pictures on the web depict the features on the old model.The single improvement I noted is a tendency for a more reliable restart in the case of power outage . However , this may be due to the differences between my old model 400 vs. model 280 instead of a design improvement action.Biowheel rotation can no longer be verified without periodic flip up of the cover . This is extremely inconvenient if the tank has a hood . Solution - do n't use the biowheel . On , off , and on again biowheel operation is worse for the aquarium than no wheel action , potentially causing ammonium surges -LRB- if the biowheel is actually effective in the first place -RRB- . Noise is the same , unimproved.The intake bottom strainer , middle strainer and extension tube present a poor fit that literally falls apart in the aquarium . Also , The use of a bright , near-neon colored middle pickup adjuster on the otherwise appropriately black colored inlet assembly is an inexcusable visual distraction in the tank.Marineland still stubbornly ignores the requirements of the planted aquarium by not offering cartridges without carbon that extracts micro nutrients needed by plants . On new cartridges I must slit the filter to remove or replace the carbon my preferred media . -LRB- Yes , some owners of planted aquariums have disdain for the troublesome disassembly of canister filters for maintenance -RRB- . The disappearance of the flow control was a serious and detrimental surprise , especially since most of the images of the model clearly depict an adjuster lever . No low flow for feeding . No reduced flow for plants . No low flow to minimize flushing debris back into the tank during the disturbance caused by filter changes.Has Marineland never seen the business side of a 75 or 100 gallon planted aquarium ? Count the cords sometime.Typically :3 for lights , 2 for plant food dosing , 2 for heaters , 2 for CO2 control and reactor , 2 or 3 for filters , 2 for powerheads for circulation controlTotal 14 plugs . 14 tangled wires wires plugged into 4 or 5 timers . How about a power switch on the model 280 or re-inventing the stop-flow lever to eliminate the need to crawl hands and knees with flashlight among this wiring to unplug a single filter for removal for service or maintenance.Use a power cord of length 6 feet minimum so that the filter does not require the addition of an extension cord , thereby compounding the above scenario.Let 's discuss support and parts . One would be better off in the long run to buy a spare filter for spare parts . Currently one must order individual items with high cost , and high shipping charge for each item ordered . Such items would be much more reasonably priced if a complete gasket set were bundled for each product and sold complete for each filter model made , perhaps including one set with the new product.I own a Marineland Magnum H O T 250 Pro canister filter . It uses 2 inlet/outlet O-rings , 2 spray bar O-rings , 1 O-ring for the Pro biowheel attachment , a large D-ring lid gasket , and 2 internal gaskets . Total maintenance parts , 8 items . I can not buy these items in a single `` refurb '' package and get them mailed as a single item for a single fair $ 2 shipping charge -LRB- they are small and lightweight -RRB- . And finally , Marineland failing to answer emails sent to support is not a way to win friends . Trust me on this item if not the others.I apologize to readers for exceeding the review length recommended by Amazon .
 I ordered two Marineland Emperor 280 power filters to go on the back of my new 50 gal Cichlid tank . From day one , they were very noisy . I built a shelf to go over them to try to dampen the noise , which helped , but still
 This is the 3rd filter I 've tried for my 15-gallon tank.The others being Whisper C and Marina S15.The Penguin 100 is the noisiest power filter I 've had.There are two types of noise from this filter , the water splashing down from the wheel and the grinding noise from the impeller.The water splashing noise I can take , it 's like a white noise in the background.The noise from the impeller is awful and there is no reason it 's that loud . I read the instruction booklet and there is no suggestion in there to fix the noise.So after a day and half , I gave up and returned it .
 I have had two of these on my tank for close to 7 years . Rather than going through the hassle of deep cleaning all the mineral deposits off of the old ones when they started to fail , I picked up two new ones.They shipped seperately . I got the first and it was slightly different in design from the ones I originally had ... nothing major , there is just no longer a speed control for the water flow . Honestly , that is alright . The only thing that option ever did was make noise when the cat stepped on it and accidentaly turned the flow down . It runs great and my fish were happy.I got the second one a few days later . It is the same updated design . And it 's pretty darned noisy . I was kind of disappointed . I messed with it quite a bit -LRB- since 7 years of ownership has made me familiar with it 's design -RRB- but no go . It would seem the thing is just going to be noisy . Seeing as how the tank is 3 feet from the livingroom TV , that is kind of a bummer . Too bad , seems my second was not perfectly made , but in general it still functions . So , for now , I have decided to just use it and see if it works out for the long run .
 I have recently purchased two emperor 400 's and each one has disappointed me . At first water flowed through them at a high rate of gallons per hour , so much so as to make a lot of noise and splash water on the tank walls and on the top of the filter itself ; I had to buy plants to break up the flow and cut down on the splash and noise . Not even three months later both filters have either stopped or barely filter water ; even if I take out the filters the water will not flow through the filter as when it was new . I will throw them into the recycle bin when my replacements -LRB- Fluval C4 Power Filter -RRB- arrive . I 'm very disappointed with Marineland and the cheap materials that they are using . The part that I think that has failed is the -LRB- Impeller Assembly -RRB- ; the rubber at the top has broken off so it spins and wobbles in place and the water flowing up the intake tube has slowed or has stopped flowing through the filter.I have a 40 gal turtle tank with two turtles -LRB- one adult and one about three inches in size -RRB- and I clean the tank each week and I clean the filters and reuse them until they need to be replaced . I use one emperor 400 for this tank and the other was used for a 20 gal fish tank . The procedure for cleaning the tanks goes as follows ; I turn off everything and the water from the filter recedes and when done I turn everything back on and prime the filter until the water starts flowing again . That procedure worked fine until the filter stopped picking up water . I could understand this happening if the filters had been used for a year or more but to fail within three months has been a waste of money and time .
 I had high hopes for this pump/filter but after several months of use it has turned out to be a disappointment . The pump clogs too easily , vibrates terribly making a loud annoying noise , and the expensive A type filters need to be rinsed daily and replaced weekly . If I could still return it , I would . Anyone know of a filter system that actually works well ?
 I had this power filter running in my 16 gallon saltwater reef tank for about a month , and the impeller shaft got scarred by debris and became extremely noisy . This exact same thing happened to my Penguin 660R powerhead after less than 3 months in the same tank . Let me tell you , this is not a dirty tank that should have these problems , it is a crystal-clear reef tank . Penguin products just are not made to last . Which is really lame , because Marineland also makes Emperor products , which last a lot longer and are much better designed . You get what you pay for in aquariums , and it 's definitely worth putting out the money for a better powerhead or filter up front , so you do n't have to pay more to replace the cheap product later on anyway.I replaced my Penguin Bio-Wheel with an Emperor 280 and now I have just ordered a Hydor Koralia Nano to replace my Penguin powerhead.Do yourself a favor and just buy a better product from the beginning .
 I have been using the Marineland 200 Bio-wheel Filter on my 30 gallon tank for less than a year . It is supposed to be for up to a 50 gallon tank but it is barely powerful enough for my 30 gallon . A couple of months ago I started having restart problems with the filter . If power is disrupted to the tank , the filter is very hard to restart . The motor sounds like it is running , but it will not pull water into the filter . I doubt it will survive another power disruption . I am very disappointed that it did not even last for a year .
 The Penguin 150 is an excellent filtration systems , better than the AquaClear I used for many years , but man , it is so noisy I 'm going to have to take it down and put up with the AquaClear again . It 's the first thing you hear when you come into my apartment and it just dominates everything . I ca n't believe that after all the years that this has been out that they still have n't found a quiet motor for it . Too bad , because it works fine . Do n't they usability test these things ? Geeze .
 I ordered the Penguin 200 and was very impressed when I fired it up for my wife 's 30 Gallon tank . It seemed powerful and kept the water pretty clear.Now to put it into perspective on why I bought it . We had a smaller Penguin -LRB- I believe it was a 150 ? -RRB- on this tank and it died , I could not find any replacements in my local stores so I ordered it from Amazon . Received it a couple days back in Nov 2010 and now it is also dead.Over the past 3 years we have had multiple Marineland Penguin power filters on our small tank and this larger tank and everyone of them has died within 5-6 months . They offer a 3 year warranty , but by the time I pay ship it back , I might aswell buy new , which I have to do anyway to keep the fish alive.Guess I 've learned my lesson about these , these things are junk . Looking for another brand .
 I 've only had this a few weeks and it is making a terrible noise . I am going to contact the company , but am not happy it is doing this after such a short time using it .
 I had one of these for about 2 years , and it ended up just not working one day . I figured it was a fluke , and purchased another since it did do a good job keeping my tank clean . Only a month and a half after purchasing my second one , the motor started grinding really bad . I took proper care of it and cleaned the inside once a month like it recommended -LRB- I was cautious with this one since my first one died -RRB- . I called customer support and they were friendly , but not all that helpful and the problem is n't resolved . I 'd recommend a different one .
 Opened up the filter and set it up only to realize it does n't power on . Will re rate when I receive my replacement . -LRB- Which could take weeks -RRB-
 I bought the 200 series from Petco , and within a few days it just stopped working . I checked for clogs and could find none . I took it to the store and exchanged it today . Within a few hours the new one also stopped running . I even tried plugging it directly into the wall , thinking maybe it was using too much power to be on the surge protector ... it would not start . My tanks are not overly dirty and there is not a lot of debris . This is simply a cheaply made piece of junk . Do not waste your money !!!
 I bought the penguin 350 for my 40 gallon breeder African cichlid tank for the extra flow but this thing made all sorts of vibration noises . I took it apart to find that the impeller magnet was chipped in multiple places . So i returned it -LRB- Amazon has great customer service -RRB- and bought the aqueon quite flow 55/75 ... ive used them in the past and they are extremely quite for a HOB because the impeller motor is solid state and its in the tank water . Marineland has seemed to drop off on the quality over the years . At least my Marineland tank is still kicking it ... Knock on wood
 Just received and hooked up the filter . It sounds like a motorboat far-off -LRB- but not that far-off -RRB- in the distance . There is no way you could put this unit in a location that required any kind of quite -LRB- i.e. in the same room as a TV or a bedroom -RRB- . I have it in my office - but not for much longer - it 's going back to Amazon.I called Marineland customer support , and they eventually acknowledged that this is just how they are . How is it possible that this design made it out of Marineland ? I also would like to note -LRB- as some others have -RRB- that this unit is very cheaply made . I do n't know if they changed manufacturing recently , but it now looks like a cheap made-in-China toy . Drop it once , and it 's toast.The only good thing is that it apperas to move a lot of water , and I like the positionable streams for the bio-wheel . I have a Penguin 380 running in another tank that is dead quit.UPDATE
 I purchased this to replace a Penguin 330 for my 55 gallon tank . This filter does a great job of filtering the water in great quantities but get used to the idea that you can not reduce the flow . For me this is not a problem , for your application it may be.Now for what makes this product a failure . Quality control is lacking , the unit shipped missing `` O '' rings that prevent the `` Bio Wheel '' spray bar from leaking . I notice this immediately when I unboxed the unit and called Marineland Customer service . Marineland sent me a complete set of `` O `` rings that arrived in about a week . With the parts in hand I finished assembly of the filter and installed it . Everybody noticed that this filter was very loud , sounding more like a several year old unit with a worn out , rattling impeller . I took the filter off the tank , disassembled and reassembled it and the noise was just as bad . I did this several more times , draining , disassembling , reassembling , priming and still listening to what sounds like an old worn out filter . Finally I gave up and called Marineland again . Customer Service said it was either the impeller or a part called the `` Flow Manifold '' . Marineland shipped me 2 impellers and said they would also ship the `` Flow Manifold '' . After spending most of my weekend trying to find a quiet combination , on Monday I called Marineland again about the noise . Marineland now says it is definitely the Flow Manifold and the part is on back order . As it took these 2 additional Impellers to find something `` almost '' tolerable , I would be surprised if this Flow Manifold will take care of the noise issues IF it ever arrives . In the interim I have what sounds like an idling 2 stroke boat motor in my family room.In all I have been dealing with this noise issue for just over a month . The issue is not resolved and probably never will be . I can not recommend this filter to anyone - My next filter will be something else , maybe something that does not on the back . If you have doubts about this review , please do an internet search on `` Emperor 400 Noise '' you will be glad you did . I did this but unfortunately too late .
 I brought the Emperor 280 in November 2012 because I was not happy with the water filter that came with my 25 gallon fish tank . I did a bit of research on the different brands and this one stood out to me , I really liked the design and i was excited to give this filter a go . So once I got my package , I set it up following the directions that came with the product . Once I plugged it in ... I kid you not ... . it made this loud lawn mower noise , and no water was being vacuumed up the tube that was submerged in the water . Heck , my fish even swam away from it . I turned it off and made sure that there was enough water in the back , it had enough . I plugged the `` lawn mower '' back in at let it run for like 5 mins , I thought that maybe the propeller needed to be broken in . It stayed the same , I read the trouble shooting tips and it mentioned that if there is a loud noise you should look at the propeller to make sure it is secure . I checked it out and I noticed that the propeller sits in the base of the filter and on each end of the propeller there are these small rubber stoppers that I believe help the the propeller spin freely . It looked almost like a Q-Tip where each end has a cotton swab . Well , both of the rubber pieces were chewed up , they were crumbling and falling apart . Needless to say I was annoyed . So I went to Petsmart and brought another one , same brand ... I actually paid 10 bucks more at the store . When I set this one up ... The same thing !! I now brought two products , same brand same model and neither worked . I now brought a another brand Fluval -LRB- formally Aqua Clear -RRB- and things seem to be working fine so far . Its a shame , I really wanted to use the Emperor though . I really can not recommend this product at all .
 Product arrived from Petco -- Damaged -- They did not place the package into another box for shipping . When it arrived , the overflow was cracked . I immediately called and they will be sending me a replacement -LRB- not here yet -RRB- . I assume that the product is a good one , but I have not yet had the experience to plug it in .
 Really bad product , after 3 months of using it got really loud , feels like the pump will go bad , very loud , would not buy it again .
 I have never heard a more noisy filter . In the roughly one year since I bought it new , I 've observed that it has basically has 2 impeller modes - noisy and more noisy . For no apparent reason it just kicks up the volume at random times , often during my favorite TV shows . I 'll never buy another filter made by these folks .
 I have an 80lb female lab mix . She only wore this collar a couple of days . Then the other night , the D ring ripped right off of it when she was on her lead and took off on me . Luckily she came back a little while later . The stitching is just not strong enough to hold a large dog .
 I will be looking into returning this item . . It claims to be leather but it is more like a leather soul of a shoe as it is so stiff and coarse.It cant be comfortable for my dog to wear . Doesnt even smell like leather and for the price I expected better . . I have a black LEATHER collar for my other dog and this doesnt even come close to the same quality and it cost me the same minus the shipping and has the spikes and everything . . Looks just like this one but black and BETTER QUALITY . . Only thing I will give a star for is fast shipment of product . . I will never buy another collar from this company . . Sometimes you get what you pay for and in this case I got robbed !!
 I thought this fish oil would be a great supplement for my cats after one of them began to overgroom and created bald patches on her stomach and legs . All four of my cats refused any type of food with this fish oil added . I tried for many days in many ways . Finally switched back from a newer dry food I thought would be better for them , back to their old dry food , which obviously had more oils in the ingredients . Bald cat is getting her fur back .
 None of my 3 cats like this , and I 've tried to administer it in/on different of their foods but they snub it .
 The pills were hard to chew for my elderly pooch and they were hard to rip open to put on the food . Once I put it on the food , the smell was so bad that he refused to eat anything and I had to throw away the entire bowl .
 This was a disaster . The dogs would not eat the capsules . When I tried to open and put on food , the oil squirted everywhere . I returned .
 I ordered an 88 ounce version and received a 3/4 ounce version . After discussion which included offer for partial refund , I was promised a full refund by Ace Hardware -LRB- we will see if I get it -RRB- .
 We purchased this as a preventative measure for when we picked up a new puppy . Unfortunately , when we got it , the bottle said that it was not for puppies . This should have been in the advertisement - and now it is . Do n't know if will work or not , but I would n't have bought it if I had this knowledge .
 I have an 80lb female lab mix . She only wore this collar a couple of days . Then the other night , the D ring ripped right off of it when she was on her lead and took off on me . Luckily she came back a little while later . The stitching is just not strong enough to hold a large dog .
 I had purchased this Spray bar hoping it would be a suitable addition to my Fluval 206 . As is , the Fluval 206 comes with an attachment that sprays water very short.In my 800 gallon Pond we have a huge PVC pipe that does the same thing , hooked to a high pressure filter return , so I wanted to do the same for my fish tanks.Now , this spray bar was $ 10 and 12 inches long has holes and an end cap . A 3/8 '' PVC pipe is $ 1 for the same length without the holes or an end cap.There 's literally no difference if you buy a PVC pipe for $ 1.50 and a cap for $ 0.30 then take a small drill and make 10-20 holes in it . Except you save 80 % with a little extra work by DIY.The only good part about the Fluval spray bar is that it is a transparent black color while most PVC is a distracting white . You 'll also need to buy the rubber `` couplers '' to make this spray bar attach to the return line from the filter which is not included . The rubber couplings are actually the best part of it to be honest because now I can attach the return tubing to any PVC snugly .
 First of all , the thing takes too many batteries . Also , it does n't work well . I know there are pee spots somewhere in my basement , but the light was n't showing any . Frustrated , I then checked the side of the litter box . I know there was pee there because it was wet with pee . I had to bring the light 2 inches from the pee to make it glow ! Also the outside of the light was made of a plastic that looked very cheap . I had to return it .
 Unfortunately I was sick and did n't use this within the time frame to have been able to return it . I installed all 8 AA batteries , waited till the dark of night & turned it on . Well , there was the definite odor of urine but it did not show the yellow color using the light that one is supposed to see . I finally went to a pee pad in another room that I knew had urine on it and after careful inspection could just barely make out an extremely dull yellow in that area . It was a waste of money and I feel foolish having bought it , let alone not have been able to use it earlier when I could have at least returned it . BTW , there are 3 dogs and 2 male cats which is why I bought the darn thing to begin with . I used to have another urine spotter years ago that was less expensive and you could clearly see the yellow areas on rugs and furniture . For me this was a most disappointing product .
 First time I opened the tab to insert 8 - count them 8 - batteries , the plastic tab broke . Looks pretty . . but it 's cheaply made .
 When you have to add 8 AA batteries to this , and then find that it lights up everything except urine , it is an annoying waste of money . I held this over the litter box with fresh urine in it , and it did NOT light up . I walked around the house and porch and found that it lit up plastic , paper , all kinds of things in bright white-blue light . But urine ? forget about it ... What is the point here ? Even the box states that `` Pet contamnation will appear as a weaker fluorescence when compared to most of these other materials '' . So ... ??? ... if you still ca n't see it , what the point ? Very frustrating .
 On the positive side this product works . The light is powerful enough to do its job . On the negative side , the build quality is utterly horrendous . It is very poorly built . Once should be afraid of breaking it by merely touching it or using it as if it were built of the most easy to shatter crystal .
 The on/off switch became stuck down in the light casing on the second -LRB- or third -RRB- use . It was returned . Also , the light was barely visible in a totally dark room . I obviously would not recommend the product .
 The light did not work properly . Tried to contact the company several times , but no response . Returned product but never was given credit .
 I previously purchased a similar product -LRB- which I lost -RRB- at Petsmart . This one is quite inferior to my previous purchase . Do not buy .
 I have a bulldog puppy and while he 's been good with his puppy pads he does have a few accidents . So I purchased this thing thinking it would help me find any spots I may have overlooked or missed . To my surprise I did n't find anything at all , then while I was thinking to myself . . wow he really is doing outstanding with his house training I saw him pee on his pad but on the very edge and about half of it went right onto the carpet . Hey what a great opportunity to finally see what pee looks like with this thing . Guess what ... it did n't show anything at all ! That 's why I did n't see anything before ... because this thing totally does n't work at all . It 's a massive waste of money . Do n't waste your time or money on this thing . I ended up calling a professional company that had a device that looks a lot like this thing but literally lit up the 3 spots I missed like a Christmas tree . I was shocked , then pissed off at the 20 minutes I was crawling around my living room looking for spots with a useless novelty toy disguised as a tool . AVOID THIS THING !
 received it a few days ago and it looked cheap . did n't try it out until tonight after i went to the store to buy more batteries -LRB- 8AA , surprising -RRB- . i tried it out and it worked for a few seconds then flickered and a little trail of smoke rose up from it . Does n't seem to work now . That was disappointing and i was expecting a little more for the price . i 'm guessing someone soldering the wiring had an off day and QC was probably lacking or non-existant .
 After three years I was curious as to why I NEVER spotted any cat pee with this thing ... I found out why after shining it on fresh cat pee on a carpet , IT DOES N'T WORK!If you want a cool blacklight , this is fine , if you think you 'll get all kitty CSI and stuff , forgetaboutit !
 Does n't show my dogs urine spots at all on our rugs.On the other hand my dog loves/hates the light and tries to attack it .
 I like that this light is big -LRB- about a foot long -RRB- but it takes too long to warm up , if it decides to come on at all . Can not recommend this to anyone . Would have sent it back to the vendor but figured it would cost about half the price to get it back , not worth it . Will probably look for another brand .
 Cheap ... not working straight from the box ... 8 batteries ... ca n't tell if it uses up battery life because IT WO N'T EVEN TURN ON ... makes me hate myself for getting suckered ... -LRB- u get the idea I hope -RRB-
 This light requires you to be right down on the floor . I 'm too old for that . I think that another design would be easier to use .
 Do n't waste your money and make the same mistake I did . The first red flag was when I had installed the batteries and the unit failed to turn on . A good palm slap on the side fixed that problem . A big problem with the unit is the lack of ergonomics . It is very awkward to hold without touching the lamp itself.The worst happened when the time actually came to cleaning out the actual stains on a linoleum floor , which unsurprisingly , requires both hands ! This unit has NO good base to set it down on the floor and maintain the light on the spot being cleaned . Did i mention that the light beam is rather narrow and total darkness is needed to even see the stains to begin with ? Long story short , after I 'd set down the light on its edge while wiping down one of the walls , the unit fell over and shattered the light.Don ' t waste your money on this garbage .
 This product is the worst thing I 've ever purchased . Shoddy construction , barely cast anylight . Barely could see any trace of anything on the wall even though I knew there was urinethere . Had to get another light from a different co. . HUGE waste of money not to mention the8 batteries needed for it to waste my time . Avoid like the plague !
 i bought this black light b/c i have a cat thats nearly 20 yrs old , and from time to time , he gets incontinent . now is one of those times . the surface he 's doing his business on is concrete , in our rec room in the basement . my house isnt exactly level , as i live on the coast , and it was built on marsh land . anyhow , when he goes , its just a long stream , and gravity does its thing . and since the stains were dry , fresh , untreated , and against grey paint , i can See the stains with my own eyes . so the other nite , in pitch darkness , i fired up the blacklight , fully expecting to see the fresh stains , along with old ones i may have missed . the only thing i saw was what looked like a starlit sky ... on the floor . i dont know what this means , i 'll have to refer to the box b/c different colors mean different stains . but the fresh stains did Not light up . i tried the recommended 3-4 inches , and nada . bupkiss . floor 's got ta be washed anyway . i will try it again and see if i get that `` starlight '' effect once the floor is cleaned . i better see something , otherwise i 'm throwing my hat in with everyone else that says its a piece of junk . what fries my fish is that i bought a high end urine stain/odor remover in conjunction with the blacklight , depending on it to actually work . we shall see if it does , but i 'm not holding my breath .
 we tried this and were not able to get it to illuminate urine . . even when we caught our cat in the act ...
 Light shows only when completely dark . Not necessary urine stains , mainly anything white will glow . So white residue from water stains will glow also . Not very useful .
 It is as if this were designed so it would be broken . Flimsy design awkward to hold and use without a grip or handle or even a safety tether to hang on to . You have to be very careful not to drop the unit as there is no comfortable place to place your hands as you do not want to touch the long bulb . My bulb was not very bright perhaps it was engineered that way :-RRB- . It takes 8AA batteries and although you can use an AC adapter , no AC adapter was supplied . This product is overpriced , I would expect to pay about $ 9 for something like this . I did see stains , so it does seem to work .
 In spite of positive reviews , which I always check before buying , this thing did not live up to its claim . Although it uses 8 AA batteries , the light is extremely dim and almost impossible to see if you are also trying to hold the light . Although the carpet was clearly pet stained on the backing , and smelled bad , the detector did not show anything different from any place else . I was hoping from something a little more definitive , so have to say this did not work for me . The plastic casing was also extremely flimsy .
 I bought this to spot where my devil cat had been peeing . In order to use it , even at night , I have to close all curtains and turn off every single tiny source of light -- it 's that dim . It also flickers , so I ca n't consistently see the stains . It 's awful , a waste of my money , and now I have to spend more money to get a better , professional-quality light that will work for my needs -LRB- because my cat is still the devil -RRB- . Would n't buy anything from this brand again .
 We can definitely use this item to locate otherwise-invisible traces of cat urine but the bulb fits into the plastic sheath really badly , it 's very loose . I have to basically hold the bulb in place manually in order to complete the circuit & get power to the light . So it 's awkward to use !
 Even after knowing exactly where my cat uninated this product did not even faintly illuminate the stain . I ca n't understand the other reviewers of this item giving this product anything but a big zero . I sent it back promptly for a refund . I hate a ripoff . I would have given it a minus 5 if that had been possible . I irks me even to give it one star
 My cat has urinated in one area so much that I can smell the stench as soon as I walk into the room . In an effort to remove all of the urine at one time , in hopes that she would n't re-mark the same spot , I purchased this light . It showed zero urine stains . I have wood floors , and upholstered furniture , and stains showed nowhere in the very stinky room . It was completely worthless . I 'm taking it back .
 This item did exactly what I wanted it to . I was looking for a UV light that would work for a few days , then spill battery acid and become inoperable , thus wasting my money and the many batteries it requires to operate . An added feature I enjoyed was the door to where they batteries are inserted . It does n't close correctly , and gives you the opportunity to use the tape of your choice to keep it shut . I used electrical tape ! Such joy .
 The product did n't work right out of the box . When I finally got the light to work - kept turning off on it 's own - it did n't even shine enough black light on the carpeting to show me where a possible `` accident '' might be . I put the light right over a spot where I was sure an `` accident '' was and nothing , nadda , zippo . Total waste of money ! Do not purchase !
 This item did not work once the batteries were installed but the overall quality was so poor that it was really no shock that it did n't actually work . Very cheap plastic and would probably break quickly even if it had actually turned on .
 We have very dark maroon-colored carpets throughout our entire upstairs and I found an area our new cat urinated on in an upstairs bedroom . I bought this to see if there were other spots he used in that room since I have n't been able to get the smell out . Nothing except lint shows up on this color carpet . I did find a lot of splatter-looking things on the walls , but I had to crawl around and actually sniff the entire carpets upstairs to see if he had used other spots , which is what I was trying to avoid in the first place . Downstairs where we have lighter carpets it did light up in the one area I know he used down there and had already treated , and it is kind of fun to use -- you almost feel like a forensic detective -LRB- I was horrified at our toilet -RRB- . But overall it was n't very helpful to me .
 I had a rug that my cat had peed on and I was trying to find and wash all the spots really proactively . The rug had a carpet pad underneath it . With this light I could BARELY see any spots on the carpet pad , and you can just forget about finding anything on the uneven surface of a carpet ! Now that 's a problem because I had been putting paper towels down between the carpet pad and the rug and those spots I could see with my own eyes ... for a lot less than $ 20 and a cabillion AA batteries ! There are also spots I know about and can smell very clearly that this thing still wo n't pick up , so for my purposes it is not finding anything I could n't have found myself AT ALL . Maybe it would work on hardwood floors , but then it 'd be cheaper just to walk about in socks and see where your socks get wet . :P I want my money back !
 My dog is getting older and she is losing control of her bladder . I got this light to try to find out where she has been leaking so I could clean up after her . I checked around where she always lays down ... nothing showed up . One day she got up and wanted to go out . I patted her rump and it was wet . I grabbed the light and ran it over her backside and ... NOTHING . It did not fluorese as it was supposed to . I checked the place that she just got up . The carpet was wet . Shone the light on the area ... NOTHING ! I know it was her urine , it smelled like her urine but this light did nothing . Do n't waste your money on this item . It MAY have worked for other people -LRB- ??? -RRB- but not for me . Take your chances folks !
 Do n't think there 's anything special about this , just a blacklight , which sort of works to spot urine , though you have to get pretty close to see anything .
 I 've been trying to find cat urine -LRB- I know she 's leaking -RRB- , but this morning I gave up after I shined it on a WET SPOT on the bed in a PITCH-DARK room and saw nothing . Sending it back ... after I take out the 8 batteries .
 I was really disappointed with this light . Not only does it take A LOT of batteries , but the actual light was very dim , and I could n't see anything -- even in a pitch dark bathroom . I 've bought smaller lights that work better . This was very disappointing . Do n't bother buying it .
 The detector was simple enough to use , although it required alot of batteries -LRB- 8 -RRB- . But the results were mixed . Urine markings were faint and hard to distinguish from other organic substances . Even in areas where I knew there had been an accident , it was difficult to spot the difference . All in all , I generally would n't recommend this . -LRB- Although it did clearly show a distressing amount of what I believe is mold in the bathroom . -RRB-
 I wish I had used this item before the return window closed because when I went to use it , it would n't work . After putting 8 AA batteries in it , all it would do when I turned it on is smoke so it had an obvious short . What a waste of money !
 Wow . Put the 8 AA batteries in , and the light does n't come on when I hit the ON switch . Flipped it off and back on , smoke pours from the end of it . I run it outside into the dark night , and it is glowing red on the wiring . I guess you get what you pay for . Oh , and it burnt the end of my finger , too .
 I was usingChicken Soup for the Puppy Lover 's Soul Dry Dog Food for Puppy , Large Breed Chicken Flavor , 35 Pound Bag , which was an excellent product . Switched to this because the Large Breed version was out of stock . It 's been terrible - loose stools as soon as my puppy started eating this . Stick to the Large Breed version . Avoid this one .
 Ordered a 35 pound bag and they tacked on $ 22 for shipping ! Shipping was advertised as free . Wo n't let me cancel . Buyer beware !
 My 6 month old long haired toy Datson will not eat this unless I hand feed it to him . It gives him diarrhea . Now I am stuck with 35 pounds of it .
 This food worked great for my two dogs up until about a year ago . Something changed in this food which caused both dogs severe diarrhea . Trialing them off and then on this food again caused the problems to return . We switched to a different brand .
 I have two dogs that eat this food . Both got very sick off of it . The company offers a coupon or a refund for the bag of food . What about the $ 500 worth of vet bills I had to pay because my dogs ate this food ???? I will never ever buy this brand again and would not recommend it .
 My dog did well with this food for about a year , but the latest bag we purchased caused recurring bouts of profusely bloody diarrhea , resulting in an expensive trip to the emergency vet . I later found that there has been a recall of this pet food for possible salmonella contamination . We 've switched to another brand , and she 's doing great . I think I 'll avoid this one in the future .
 Let me preface this by saying I LOVE AMAZON . They are an amazing company and I will always shop online with them.I had been feeding my older dogs Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover 's Soul -LRB- Senior -RRB- for about a year . And about two weeks before the `` voluntary '' recall came out in April of 2012 , my dogs were both extremely violently ill -LRB- vomiting , diarreah and no appetite that lasted a week - until I got them help -RRB- . Both had to be seen by the vet and both were perscribed antibiotics . Shortly after these bouts of illness I learned about the salmonella tainted food in the South Carolina plant . Diamond Dog Food -LRB- the manufacturer of many foods including Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover 's Soul -RRB- had denied that any dogs were sickened by this food but I am 2000 % positive that they were . They said they would not accept responsibility unless I could prove it . But I could n't because I did n't save any of their poop to have it tested -LRB- my vet 's assessment was not enough for them to accept responsibility . -RRB- Also be aware that they were also involved in a recall back in 2005 -LRB- I think that 's the year -RRB- that killed several dogs due to their neglegence . So this is n't the first time Diamond has harmed dogs . I personally will not forgive what they did to my dogs and to me . I also know that my dogs were not the only dogs sickened . They currently have a class action lawsuit against them for sickening HUMANS , but sadly there are no attorneys willing to represent animals in this matter.What I find even sneakier on the part of Diamond was the timing of their recall . I actually purchased the tainted food in February 2012 and did n't begin feeding it to my dogs until April because I had a previous bag of the same food that was already open . So they knew the timing of this dog food recall was well beyond anybody being able to prove their dogs were poisoned . -LRB- They also told me that once the bag was opened , I could n't prove it was poisoned because the bag could become poisoned/contaminated through `` other '' means ... meaning they would accuse me of poisining my food and my own dogs . I had a 35 lb bag of that tainted food of which maybe only 5 lbs . was eaten . -RRB- This company is SCUM . People , if it 's made by Diamond ... RUN do n't walk in the opposite direction !!!! If I could give them a ZERO rating - I would ... In fact I would WARN anyone who loves their animals to avoid this manufacturer once and for all .
 I did n't like it either - the straps fall off shoulders easily . I have a 11 pound Westie and while she was in it , she was devising a plan to get me back for the embarrassment I probably caused her -LRB- and me -RRB- . I still have it for if an emergency comes up like Armageddon or something where I need to carry her , but it is just taking up space in my cabinets .
 Okay i got this carrier for my pomeranian who is 6 lbs , and this fit her perfect , but it didnt hold her up like the picture does , she slouches down and no mater how much i tighten it she still slouches , they need to have more upper strapes . I like the structer and design of it but its not very good in holding her in place
 The description says `` for pets over 10 lbs '' but it does n't indicate the maximum weight . My pug is 15 pounds and he keeps falling because the velcro straps could n't support his weight . I would like the product more if it had a better description of the amount of weight it could support .
 I was excited to recive as I also own the sling ted to recive as I also own the sling by outward hound . Unfortunatlng by outward hound and love it . Unfortunatly was a bit dissatisfied with this front carrier . The front part is well constructed and sturdy but then the actual straps that go over your shoulder are flimsy and thin . I wish they would have padded them like normal backpacks but the straps make me worried about the lack of support from the straps . The pic of the model looks nice but when I wore it looked about ten months prego and struggled to walk upright . Might just be me but if the straps worked more like a backpack it would have been great . Just feel they cut cost on the worse part .
 Well I ordered this for my dog.Had to send it back because the wrong size was shipped.Never again .
 I purchased an Eheim Classic 600 from Amazon 6 weeks ago for use in my 80 gallon turtle tank . I am not an expert in filters and aquariums , but I have previously owned 4 Rena Filstar XP3s over 12 years . Sadly , Rena was sold and the new product is not the same . After a long and helpful discussion with Rena customer service , I decided I would have to change brands . Based on the stellar reputation of Eheim in the aquarium world , I decided to upgrade to the the best filter in the industry . I was already aware that the instruction manual would be lacking from previous reviews , but had no idea how worthless it was . There is nothing helpful to set up this complicated equipment . Fortunately , I quickly found many installation guides on youtube that were very helpful . Every Eheim novice finds this out quickly if you want to set it up . One major difference between my Rena auto prime filters and the Eheim is you actually have to suck the tube to start it priming . Anyone who knows about turtles and salmonella knows that is a bad idea . I have purchased an Eheim primer bulb for the next time around . My tank turned cloudy within the first week , a surprise since this is a superior filter . Since there is no troubleshooting in the manual or their website , I decided to try contacting them . They are a German company but have a US office . THERE IS NO PHONE NUMBER TO CONTACT EHEIM . Shocking since this company sells filters up to $ 500 . There is a contact form , which I filled out with my specific questions . It has been a month since I submitted this with NO RESPONSE . I wish I had purchased this at a retail store so I could ask questions now . I am just stunned that there is no customer service for a company with this reputation making products that are fairly complicated .
 This may be a good filter . But I would n't know . Because I 've now ordered TWO of them from two different online sites -LRB- amazon and drsfostersmith.com -RRB- and both filters were damaged due to faulty manufacturer box design . A hard plastic tube -LRB- it should be pliable instead -RRB- sticks out of the side at the bottom , which should n't be a big deal . But instead of having internal styrofoam or at least some protective space inside the box ... nothing . The extremely fragile external tube rests dangerously against the cardboard box , which means at any stage of the journey , the slightest hard bounce will make this expensive item a worthless piece of crap . So through no fault of the retailers , two different filters have arrived destroyed and completely useless , due to manufacturer neglect . And I 've wasted two weeks waiting for two broken filters and now have to go back to researching which filter to buy ... from a DIFFERENT manufacturer . My guess is that at least 10 % and maybe as many as 20 % of these filters are getting damaged in shipping . How can Eheim allow this to go on ? Got me ? My advice ? If you want this filter , get it locally and inspect it before you walk out of the store .
 There is no reason to buy this filter over the 2213EHEIM Classic 250 External Canister Filter ? 2213 . The 2213 is roughly the same size , it has full 13mm input/output unlike this filter which is only 9mm on the output . Also the 2213 has a canister inside which makes removing/changing media so much easier . Pricewise they are about the same and it is absolutely worth it since the larger output makes a huge difference in the flow . I use in-line accessories like a heater and an inline diffuser which slow down the flow of water so the added mm is a huge plus .
 I review this filter on YouTube , then i thought I will get right one for my 20 gallons . When the package arrived to me . I saw the box get damage , and a lot of sand in filter , they might give me used filter -LRB- not look like new -RRB- . I tried to use it in 2 days , and then it was leaking water from intake . That 's why , it is cheaper than fluval filterI returned it to department for get my refund
 I ca n't even comment on how it works because it was broken right out of the box . I do NOT recommend . Terrible . Big Al 's at least took it back and refunded me . so I give kudos for their customer service . BUT I wish that I did n't get a crappy product . I went with Fluval 406 and have not looked back .
 The first time I ordered the Eheim 2213 it came with a broken intake valve . Since it protrudes from the bottom I thought it may have been damaged in transit . Then , I sent back the first one and requested a replacement . Amazon had it to me in 2 days at not additional charge with a Saturday delivery . I was excited to get it set up and running since this is my first canister filter and I 've read about how great it is . I unpacked the second unit and everything looked good until I unclamped the head unit . The piece of plastic that holds one of the four clips was broken . It seems to me that the plastic used to make this unit is easily breakable . All in all I ca n't comment on the performance of the unit , but as far as overall quality goes I was n't impressed . I definitely expected better . So , instead I ordered a Fluval which I hope I 'll have better luck with .
 I am reviewing only shipping and handling here as I never got to try the filter . It arrived with the exterior parts smashed in shipping . I ca n't even say if it was Amazon since the filter is packed loosely in a cardboard box , but Amazon did nothing to mitigate that as they simply put the Eheim box into a larger box with only a little paper to prevent jostling -LRB- ineffective -RRB- . I could hear that it was broken before I opened the package . Awaiting replacement now , tho I feel I am likely wasting my time .
 After reading many reviews , i decided to buy this filter . Was super excited to receive the filter and could n't wait to set it up . That did n't happen ! As soon as I opened the box , the plastic spray bar broke . Next , i took out the other plastic parts and they were cracked . I took the filter out the box and the clamps securing the top fell off -LRB- broken -RRB- . The filter might be good but its cheap quality material . I returned it to Amazon and purchased a XP4 instead .
 This filter is NOT adequate for over a 35 to 40 gallon saltwater tank . It will only turn over the water in a 55 gallon tank 5 times in an hr . The minimum in a saltwater aquarium is 6 times per hour . Not sure how anyone came up with that 92 gallon number . I am very disappointed at the low flow rate . Very little pressure coming out of the flow nozzles at all . Is barely moving the water at one end of the 55 gallon tank that I have . Only buy this filter if you have a smaller tank . The verbage on top of the item description page is false . Also , the instructions are mostly in German . Get ready for the assembly to take a while to figure out . It is not easy to read or follow . Would only recommend this filter if you have a small aquarium that will not need much hourly flow or turnover .
 I bought this based on my experience with the larger model , and was disappointed as soon as I opened the package . The instructions were less then helpful , the devise hard to install , and at the end when I thought it would all be worth it , a major piece failed -LRB- the plastic rotatable joint that feeds the filtered water back into the tank -RRB- , leaving me to clean up a growing puddle of water , and reinstall my old filter . Overall , I would say , save a bit longer , buy the more expensive model and save yourself the aggravation and ultimate disappointment .
 In July 2012 , I purchased this product rated for up to 92 gallons to filter a 30 gallon tank . Now the tank will become cloudy within three days . For year my normal routine is to perform a complete water and filter cleaning once per week , but now I have to perform a mid-week water change just to make to the end of the week.This product must be really bad since this is my first Amazon review .
 This is the worst filter I have ever bough , you must continuously keep the filter from vacuum out and quit working . The system fills up with air and fails to keep running , the only good thing about the filter is the quick disconnect that come with it for thee hoses . If you buy it YOU ARE BUYING A HEADACHE !!!!!!!
 I found this product to be defective upon opening the box . The tabs on the top of the canister used to clamp the lid on were broken on arrival . Frankly , they are far too small and flimsy to withstand such a high presure environment and moving water . Eheim should have designed this differently , so I just asked for a refund instead of a replacement . This would have been my third filter , but I 've found my first one , a Fluval 303 , to be the most rugged and reliable . Construction has gone downhill in the filter world and that is unacceptable . My advice
 This long time Eheim fan has thrown in the wet towel ! After too many leaks to count and customer service that wo n't sell you a one dollar o-ring to fix a 30 dollar assembly -LRB- or even tell you the specification of that o-ring -RRB- it 's my opinion that Eheim has lost their pride . If you buy an Eheim canister , do n't forget to size a bucket to keep it in ... All my opinion , of course .
 This long time Eheim fan has thrown in the wet towel ! After too many leaks to count and customer service that wo n't sell you a one dollar o-ring to fix a 30 dollar assembly -LRB- or even tell you the specification of that o-ring -RRB- it 's my opinion that Eheim has lost their pride . My canister filter has been nothing but a costly -LRB- sheet rock repair -RRB- headache ... If you buy one do n't forget to get a bucket to keep it in . All my opinion , of course .
 Was going back and forth between a few filters and this was the one I ultimately chose . Received the filter today and upon opening the Eheim packaging I find broken plastic rattling around in it . The filter was obviously used previously as it was covered from top to bottom in scratches and was extremely dirty . Inspecting it further I found that only 1 of the rubber feet on the bottom was left on it , with the others nowhere in sight . Considering the importance of this equipment to the livelihood of an aquarium , this is completely unacceptable to me . Whoever it was at Eheim that put this together knew exactly what they were doing and I guess they did n't care about losing a customer.EDIT
 While these lights work well and look nice , the light they produce is very dim . You 'd need several of these to achieve the same level of light that a single unit of another type of fixture/bulb combo would produce.They do work well as sort of fishy nightlights though.I do n't recommend these for a primary lighting source .
 I do not believe this is real Wardley product . Amazon should investigate the source of this product and remove it from its website immediately . I have been feeding my goldfish with the same brand food -LRB- bought from Petco -RRB- for a few years , they had never had problems until I fed them with this food . They swallowed it and spit it out immediately . This product has a foul smell , which the same brand fish food that I bought from Petco does not have.A few suspicious things about this product :1 . Foul smell .2 . The actual package I received does not look like the one on the website . The picture on the website was one bag with 3.5 oz , and another bottle with 3oz . The total weight is 6.8 oz , but I received only one big 7oz bottle .3 . The bottom of the bottle I received does not have an expiration date on it , while all other bottles that I bought from Petco have something like `` Best before ... '' .
 They play a cute tune but they break in less than an hour . It really is a shame , because my dog really does love them . Oh well ! They play a song that comes out of a little plastic box . The problem is , the plastic box has like zero protection , and dogs have teeth !!! Hello !!!! Hello dog toy manufacturer !!!! Dog 's have teeth !!!! Note
 Our boxer 's much loved Deedle Dude Cow died this weekend after 5 years of singing the `` Doodle Deedle Doo '' song . Since the cow seems to be unavailable from any source , we bought her a mouse as a replacement . After only one `` Doodle Deedle Doo '' , the mouse died with the same horrible screeching sound that tolled the cow 's dying breath . We now have a very sad boxer girl ...
 My dear friend sent this `` Blue Mouse '' singing toy , along with 5 additional assorted toys , to my 6 Greyhounds as Christmas gifts this year . Blue Mouse was a hit although the deedle dee song drove ME insane because all my ` kids ' loved it and shared it pretty much non-stop . That is until yesterday , April 13 -LRB- oddly enough , Friday the 13th -RRB- . I heard a ripping sound behind me , turned and poor Blue Mouse had been gutted -LRB- I expected this much sooner than 4 months in -RRB- To my horror , the little plastic ` music box ' that creates the song was crunched beyond recognition and there was a button battery on the floor . The battery was very small , similar to a tiny hearing-aid battery which I never would have seen on my carpet had I not heard the toy being ripped . I also had no idea how many batteries were supposed to be inside this music box and if my Grey had swallowed any.To make matters worse , my dogs loved this toy so much and it was so popular with all of them that I sent my dear friend 's beautiful Lab the Deedle Dee bunny for Easter , hoping she would love that as much as my Greys loved Blue Mouse . I realize these batteries can be a choking hazard for infants and with my large dogs , that is n't the case . I do n't profess to know a lot about mercury poisoning , but it does n't really matter . Button batteries are not something I want my dogs ingesting . I called my friend right after I put Blue Mouse in the trash to caution her about the bunny
 This little toy is very cute ; however , the sound in it is loud and irritating . It not only drove us crazy , but the dog as well . Do not buy this toy !
 THIS WAS THE WORST PRODUCT I HAVE EVER PURCHASED FOR MY DOGGIE . HE CHEWED THE ENTIRE THING UP INTO RAGS AND FILLER ALL OVER MY LIVING ROOM FLOOR WITHIN MINUTES AND THAT LEFT HIM WITH THE OUTER FLEECE COVER WHICH WAS THEN GOOD ONLY FOR WARMTH IN HIS LITTLE BED . I BOUGHT TWO OF THESE ITEMS AND EVEN CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AT THE MFG AND THEY COULD N'T CARE LESS AND WOULD N'T LET ME RETURN IT . WILL NEVER EVER BUY ANOTHER THING THERE . THIS IS NOT THE ORIGINAL VERMONT CHEWMAN . THOSE LAST FOREVER AND ARE DURABLE AND DOGGIE CAN REALLY CHEW ON IT - THIS THING IS A FAKE . DONT BUY ONE .
 This long time Eheim fan has thrown in the wet towel ! After too many leaks to count and customer service that wo n't sell you a one dollar o-ring to fix a 30 dollar assembly -LRB- or even tell you the specification of that o-ring -RRB- it 's my opinion that Eheim has lost their pride . If you buy an Eheim canister , do n't forget to size a bucket to keep it in ... All my opinion , of course .
 This will chemically scorch the entire alimentary tract of your dog . You may have to treat with pro-biotic supplements for months after to cure the diarrhea . It will kill off healthy bacteria colonies necessary for normal digestion . Nutrition can not be derrived from food without bacteria colonies . I worked at a Vet Clinic when this first came out . If your pet has tape worms treat specifically for that alone . There are other wormers that are not as harsh on the dogs system . I accidently ingested a tiny amount of this . I cut the dose in half on a wooden chopping block and the next day residue still there got into food that I made for myself . This was like having labor pains all through my stomach and bowels for 2 days . After experiencing this - I threw the rest out .
 Before giving my 4.5 month old yorkie her first dose of Panacur , she was a happy , healthy , playful pup with slightly soft stools . An hour after giving it to her , she was howling in pain . From 8pm until 6am , there was nothing I could do to make her stop crying , and nothing I could do to ease the terrible pain she was quite obviously in . My puppy was horrified , and kept racing around in circles , trying to figure out what was causing her such discomfort.The panacur caused her intestines to become extremely inflamed , resulting in awful stomach pain and terrible diarrhea . She did not sleep all night , and refused to eat or drink for almost 16 hours . She lost .2 of her only 2.3 lbs and was at severe risk of dehydration as well as hypoglycemia . And all this because of a parasite she `` may have had '' that was not displaying any clinical symptoms.I rushed her into the vet as soon as they opened , and they immediately prescribed my dog Flagyl , for the diarrhea , intestinal inflamation , and giardia . I wish they had done this from the beginning , and saved her and I a lot of unnecessary trouble.So here is my advice
 this almost made my dog die . i was iffy about buying this online but its the same thing my bet would give him ... i have it to my dog ... and i can swear we threw up everywhere the next day and started convolting .
 never got it now that i think of it!haven ' t got to try it , most have not been left at my door . but i got charged . i have to disbute it !!!!!
 Not only did this product make my dog ill -LRB- vomiting , diarrhea , listlessness -RRB- , but the worms came back within a month !
 This product seemed to cure my dog 's worm problem ; however , they came back within a month . It looks like we 'll be making a trip to the vet .
 Day three of treatment , I 'm giving the last pack to my dog . This morning before treatment . I still see segment of tapeworm in my dog 's stool . I do n't think it work at all .
 Living with dog tapeworm is only partially fun . Recently after showering I noted a segment of one on my arm . I knew it came from my new puppy from the pound , as I had seen egg packets in his stool . As I am a microbiologist , I am familiar with all the common dog as well as human parasites , and am aware of certain characteristics that permit definitive diagnosis without having a microscope available ; at least , diagnosis close enough to permit picking the right medication.The text of the Amazon.com ad did n't say specifically , but on arrival , the package clearly said on the front , that it was effective against roundworms , hookworms , whipworms and tapeworms . The rear panel of the package clearly says panacur c is effective against Taenia species -LRB- of tapeworm -RRB- only . Dog tapeworm is a tapeworm of species Dyplidium - clearly I inadvertently bought the wrong medication . It cost only about $ 11 , shipping incl . Not worth returning . -LRB- The medication I gave my dog was $ 28 -LRB- from groomer -RRB- . Its effectiveness against D. caninum was plainly indicated on the box . I doubt my Chihuahua/terrier mix is big or old enough to host adult Taenia spp . but it is surely possible . His little gut would contain nothing but worm segments -LRB- proglottids -RRB- . I think the descriptive text should more clearly state what organisms it is effective against . Amazon.com lists this medication in packages designed with green , yellow or red hang -LRB- for display -RRB- tabs . It would be helpful if they had a comparative chart somewhere so the customer could determine the differences in packaging and effectiveness of each formulation against specific worms .
 this is difficult to mix , difficult to administer , just plain difficult.Next time , I used Horse paste . it is way better , just push and the dog likes it !
 We gave our 4 month old puppy this 3 day panacur dewormer given to us by our vet . Well the first day she was hyper , would not settle down at all , the second day worse , hyper-hyper-hyper , crying and would not ; could not sleep at all , biting and biting her tail and acting crazy !!! Today I am about at my wits end with her and thank God it 's her last day on it and am hoping the poor thing will now get a little rest and recover just fine . I have read online about loads of reactions the same as ours from this medication !! I know it only happens with some dogs , but I wanted to let everyone know so that if they have a sensitive dog like we unfortunately have , that they can choose something else !!
 Unfortunately , little Owen is still dragging his behind on the carpet , ew . I tried some ` natural ' dewormer first , it worked like water drops . So I tried this Panacur C , confident that it would kill those nasty worms & give little Owen some relief , but to no avail . So what do I try next ? Probably the Vet .
 I have not seen any difference in shedding and I have been using for several weeks - My cat does not like the taste of it on his food .
 I have n't noticed any change in my dog & the bottle is nearly empty . The vet said she had never heard of that particular brand . I tried the brand she recommended & have a seen a great improvement .
 The picture shown is not the item that was sent to me . I am disatisfied with this particular seller . Although what was sent to me has the same name it is not the item in the picture.Synergy Oatmeal & Tea Tree Oil Infuser , 17 Ounce
 it 's a shampoo ... nothing special . The only thing we 've found to make our dogs less itchy is conditioner spray . The shampoo smells good but was too thick for the pump to work property so we have to squeeze it out , hence we never use it anymore .
 I personally do n't recommend this shampoo . Like the other person has stated its just shampoo that smells good , nothing special about it . In fact it may have made my dog more itchy then he was to start off with . I 'm disappointed with this product .
 I guess I assumed between the name Coleman and the looks of the picture I was getting a more ... . substantial dog bed . It is not as thick as it looks in the pictures , although dogs will still lay on it . I am keeping one for my dogs , but am not happy enough to give the second one away as a present and am returning it .
 Purchased 2 of these and it was not what it claimed to be ! both tore within a few weeks , stuffing is now coming out -- maybe for a very small dog -- but NOT for anything over 40 lbs ! not worth it --
 Although the case is of good quality , the inside material is almost non-exhistant . I intend to purchase a piece of foam for replacement .
 We bought this bed 4 years ago . Initially , it was a fine purchase . But it soon became evident that dog hair stuck like glue to the flannel surface . Meticulous hand-vacuuming could remove 60 % , but no more . It did not handle repeated washings well -- the cover did OK -LRB- though it managed to cling to most dog hair throughout it 's spin in the washer -RRB- , but the cushion inside bunched and lumped despite closely following the manufacturers instructions . We 're on the lookout for something a little less hair-attractive for our new puppy .
 Noticed that there are comments about the cover falling apart . I have gone through many , many dog beds for one reason or another . I finally found an awesome , inexpensive dog cover . I took the internal stuffing from the ripped/destroyed ones and put it into this cover . They have lasted longer than any others . Because it is a cover with a zipper , you can take out the stuffing and wash the cover easily . The denim is very durable . Lining36 `` X29 '' Medium Large Water resist Zipper internal pet bed cover with Taffeta fabric for dog and catand CoverMedium to Large 36 `` X29 '' Durable Tough Jean Pet Bed Cover for Dog & Cat
 Like other reviewers , I expected more from the Coleman name . I washed the cover twice . The second washing did the cover in . The waterproof liner literally fell apart . It 's now worthless .
 i guess due to the air vaccumming so that it fits in the box , this bed is really flat . . doesnt fill up the whole bed . They come in two parts ... the inner and outer part ... the inner comes air vaccumm and it says wait 1-2 hours so it fully fills and returns to its original state but afte time passes it doesn have no cushions it remains flat and doesnt fill the whole outer cover
 This comes in a vacuum packed bag -LRB- the pillow -RRB- that puffs up fairly quickly . As for the cover , we put it in the kennel and by the morning she had ripped it to pieces . I 'm not fully blaming the cover , but with a name like Coleman I 'd expect it to hold up a little better . We are still using the pillow and I 'm looking into getting a denim cover . Just know that if your dog is the least bit `` chewy '' this one wo n't last .
 I purchased the Coleman Classic Rectangular Pet Bed in June of 2010 . This product was overpriced and of poor quality . I followed the washing/drying instructions . Within a short time , the plastic -LRB- maybe it 's rubber -RRB- glued to the inside of the removable cover of the bed started to peel away from the flimsy fabric . I had many small pieces to clean up in my dryer and on the floor . I wrote to Coleman and received a terse reply ... something to the effect the product was not guaranteed and so there was nothing they could do to rectify the problem . That meant I could not even return it . -LRB- BUYER BEWARE ! Look for guarantees . -RRB- This product does not even deserve one star , but I was compelled to rate it at the adjuration of Amazon.com . I 've found products similar to this pet bed at K-Mart , Walgreens and Wal-Mart for less than half the price AND of better quality .
 This product is not the least dog safe in design . Sure my hound loves fetching the flashing ball however the plastic nodules are very hard and chip in a matter of moments if chewed leaving very sharp edges that scratch and/or lacerate the inside of your dog 's mouth.There are other balls on the market that illuminate or flash and do n't make your dog 's mouth and gums bleed so I strongly recommend purchasing another product without the unsafe nodules , which is what I am now having to do . Total waste of money . This ball goes straight into the garbage , before we need a vet .
 Pet Tabs were tested by Consumerlabs and found to contain high levels of lead . -LRB- This was in the tablet form , not the liquid form we used . -RRB- So we have decided to discontinue using this product and are looking for a safer alternative .
 Kennel would not latch with door hinged to left or right . About a half hour was needed to remove enough material from the four hinge/bolt bosses and the four hooks at top and bottom of door frame to allow door to latch dependably with hinge to left . It was not possible to get door to close when hinged to right.It appears that the upper kennel half molding was way out of shape.I chose to keep the kennel because it has the best system I 've seen for latching top and bottom together .
 I ordered a bottle of cosequin for my cat from Absolutely Pets . What I received was a bottle of cosequin for Senior Dogs . When I tried to request information on returning the item -LRB- twice -RRB- I never heard back from the Company . I am now out $ 40 and will never purchase from this seller again .
 I thought our cats would love this because of the crinkle sound it makes . They love diving onto plastic bags.I was wrong . They could care less . They loved the empty cardboard box this came in .
 I ended up withCosequin for small dogs instead of for large dogs . Being a first time buyer I did n't know the difference in labels but now I do . They need to specify that somewhere . It 's not worth the shipping charges I have to pay to send this back .
 The product is sticky and it stays on the fur . Moreover , I followed the directions to a T ... but when my cat shook her head , the product went into one of her eyes . It was clearly extremely painful for her . There is no caution anywhere on the label stating that this product is an eye irritant or worse . I bought this product to help my cat 's ears , not hurt her eyes . I called the company and found them quite unhelpful .
 Was looking for a solid glow in the dark Frisbee to use with my dog at night , figured I 'd give this one a shot and wish I had n't . It does n't glow in the dark whatsoever ... and due to the design , it hardly flies . My dog was able to chew holes in it within 5 minutes , which only hinders it 's flight more . If you 're reading this review and are in the same situation I was , I suggest looking for an LED Frisbee made by an actual sporting goods company instead of a dog toy company . I went that route and am much happier .
 This morning I saw a red-tailed hawk swoop up and grab one of the little pine siskins in this cage feeder , right through the bars . I had thought the birds were safe in this feeder , but it turned out to be not quite true . The hawk had trouble pulling his foot back out of the cage with the pine siskin trapped in his claws , but he finally managed it.Even though Duncraft makes some great bird feeders , there are three reasons why I would not buy this model again : -- red squirrels can squeeze through the bars and get at the seed -- the cage bottom is very difficult to clean . The discarded husks , seeds , and bird droppings create a formidable cement , even after just one day -LRB- as I said , the small birds really like this feeder -RRB- -- hawks can reach through the bars and extract the smaller birds
 Do NOT buy this bird feeder . After a thunderstorm , half the feeder was full and it was hard as a rock . It took me hours to finally get all the seed out , the tube is almost impossible to clean . The birds DO like being inside the `` cage '' and the squirrels cant get to the seed but cleaning this feeder is next to impossible . Look for something else if looking for a squirrel resistant feeder .
 This is a piece of junk . It 's so flimsy that when my Chihuahua ran up it -LRB- from a running start -RRB- , it wobbled and he fell off and landed on the floor with a thud . -LRB- Yes , I did assemble it correctly . -RRB- Also , the cover for the steps is very thin and threadbare and threatens to rip when you try to stretch it over the plastic -LRB- which was difficult to do completely -RRB- .
 The product is ok . Not bad for my Chihuahua , BUT . . My bed is a bit higher than the standard bed . The first thing I see in the box is an ad to BUY another 4th step for 9.99 more . I 'm like please . The product is cheap . I 'm sure the cost of the product is under $ 5.00 . It 's a plastic click together set thing . Plastic . Then they throw in this piece of carpet to make it look nice . Really it 's not half bad for a small dog , if the retail was $ 12.99 tops . But $ 29.99 is way out of line . -LRB- $ 39.99 with 4th step . -RRB- I know we live in America and buisness 's have the right to price something as they please and that 's fine . But we have a right not to purchase an item like this until they price it at an acceptable retail price.So what I 'm saying is pass on it for now until it comes down in price . I just felt robbed by the price . And if you happen to step on it in the middle of the night then it 's all over for this product ; - -RRB-
 A piece of junk . I bought two . I should have read the product descriptionmore carefully . They look like a child 's cheap plastic Christmas toy . Bothare off to Goodwill . Embarrassing to have in the house . Out they go !
 I 'm a pretty easy going person , and it takes a lot to offend me ... but truly , this product is a piece of crap . It is basically several pieces of flimsy wood that you have to assemble yourself , and they give you a low-quality piece of fabric to put over it . It looks like something a child would put together in wood shop . I sent it back for a refund.I whole-heartedly would NOT recommend this to anyone . Spend a few extra bucks and get something durable .
 These steps are acceptable for the price paid , but they are slightly rickety . Putting them together was easy , and the directions were very clear . We thought we were purchasing the foam steps with a cover , so we were very disappointed in the product when it arrived . It should be noted very clearly in the product description that they are made of plastic . Our little dog enjoys climbing up and down on them .
 Poor copy of the original `` Doggy Steps . '' Cover fits loosely , more difficult to make the pieces fit and they appear to be of lower quality .
 This looks good in the picture , but is very poor quality . The cover does n't fit the flimsy frame well at all , and the puppy is afraid to use it . I have taller stair of a different brand that he 's fine with , so I guess I 'll be ordering a smaller replacement for this one . Total waste of money and of an hour assembling this !
 These are not the same stairs they sell in stores such as Petsmart and such . I have one of the petsmart ones and I needed another due to a little weiner dog with a bad back . Amazon shows the box , and the lambswool cover with the little purple tag on the top . The petsmart one is made well and has rubber stoppers to prevent slippage on the bottom , and elastic bands on the bottom to attatch to each of the lower corners . This is a cheap knock off . No rubber stoppers , elastic does n't hold tight to the bottom , and what supposed to be lambswool , is a crappy piece of a look alike cloth in white and is a little small . I ca n't wait to see what happens when I wash it . I could not return it because my little dog needs it now . She can not jump on and off anything , so I had to put it in place right away . Besides that , I probably would get the same one just thrown in pieces in an amazon box . Go to the store if you want this .
 I bought this before all the negative reviews were posted below . I have to agree with them . This is a piece of garbage and a rip off . You have to pay another 14.98 -LRB- if you include shipping -RRB- to get the fourth step . It looks like it will fall apart any minute . And even worse , it comes with a large bright purple slogan across the top step -LRB- not depicted in the picture -RRB- that you ca n't remove and that is hideous so it does n't even blend in with your furniture . Wish I had seen these reviews before wasting my money .
 These plastic stairs collapsed when my 12 year old dachshund finally climbed up them . After all of the work we did to get him to climb them by himself , I do n't think he 'll be trying out any stairs again . He 's only 14 lbs , so they should 've held him . What a waste .
 After reading the largely positive reviews for this item on Amazon , I decided to go in person to a brick-and-mortar pet store to pick up this set of doggy stairs and test it out at home . The entire piece consists of plastic stick components that you snap together , with a faux-sherpa sleeve that slips over the skeleton . The unit is simple to assemble , but straight out of the box , I discovered one plastic piece -LRB- the x-shaped brace reinforcing the back of the stair structure -RRB- that was defective and could not be properly clipped onto the rest of the unit . My dog found the stairs wobbly and thin and did not use them despite much coaxing , walking him up the stairs with a leash , treats and other forms of positive reinforcement . Thus , while the price is attractive , I found this item too poorly made to be worth even the $ 20-something price tag . I returned it for a refund and am now searching for stairs that are crafted from sturdier materials and have better structural integrity .
 not heavy enough to stay in place when used , Therefore he is afraid to get on them.needs someway to attach to keep them from moving or sliding . Great idea though
 these steps need to be taller and my dog refused to use them ... he did try them but i could tell they made him nervous as they are too lightweight , and awkward height , and rickety ... a waste of money because of the return policy -LRB- i pay the return shipping and 25 % restocking fee -RRB- it is hardly worth the cost and trouble to get barely ten bucks back .
 Ditto to the first one star review . Unfortunately , I did not read her review prior to my purchase . This is JUNK . BEWARE 20 % re-stocking fee .
 If you look at the picture that is displayed it appears to be a reasonable size , BUT the steps are so small and close together that the older dogs ca n't use it . It says for dogs up to 70 lbs , my 30 lb dog ca n't use it . The steps are too close , small , narrow and then its made of plastic . For the price I could have gone to the hardware store , bought a 2x4 , carpet scraps , screws , paid for the gas and had a better product and saved money.A 6 year old could build a better product.Very disatisfied .
 There is a reason why dimensions of the step are not included ANYWHERE on the box . This thing was so tiny when assembled it was a joke.I ca n't believe they actually showed this thing next to a truck bed . Even with the 4th step I can not imagine this stepper coming close to the tailgate of a small truck.DO NOT BUY !
 Just when I think that companies ca n't stoop any lower on quality to make a buck off of customers , something like this arrives in the mail . I bought two of these steps for my Mini Schnauzer who has Arthritis in her rear leg . Thinking this was going to be a plush , solid cushion design that would be comfortable for my dog to walk up was my first mistake . This item has a nine piece , hard-plastic , internal skeleton that snaps together and then you drape the cover over it . But the pieces kept coming apart as I tried to put on the cover , so I ended up having to tape all the joints with heavy-duty strapping tape . And it 's a very rigid frame , with no give to it . Nice , deceptive presentation ya 'll . I fell for it .
 total junk . My dog is eleven pounds and wo n't use them . the step width is n't good and they are flimsy . With these you really do get what you pay for .
 I tried and tried but my dog wo n't go up or down these stairs.First of all they are a little unstable and wobbly .
 I RECETLY PURCHASED THIS SET OF DOGGY STEPS THAT STATED IT HOLDS UP TO 70LBS AND MY DOG USED THEM TWICE AND HE FELL THROUGH THE STEPS HHHMMM ? I CHECKED MY DOG OUT THANK GOD HE WAS UNHARMED , THEN I CHECKED THE STEPS OUT THEY WERE ASSEMBLED CORRECTLY , TO MY SUPRISE THE 2 BOTTOM STEPS WERE BROKEN IN 3 PLACES . MY DOG ONLY WEIGHS -LRB- 32 POUNDS -RRB- ONCE AGAIN IT STATES ON THE ITEM INFORMATION THAT THESE STEPS HOLD UP TO 70 POUNDS -LRB- THIIS IS NOT TRUE -RRB- FOR YOUR PETS SAFETY PLEASE DO N'T PURCHASE THESE STEPS !!!!
 I ordered the three step doggy steps from Amazon.com based on photos showing similar size dog as mine climbing up to a bed . I should have looked at the height dimensions before ordering the three step stairs . The three step stairs maybe okay for a low couch but it does n't come close to reaching a normal bed . In addition , the treads are two narrow in depth for my 13 pound Maltse to use.It goes to the next garage sale . It looks good in a photo but it does n't delivery . This is my first purchase from Amazon.com I was not satisfied .
 Flimsy construction and not tall enough for pets to reach the bed . But , this shipper chose to use UPS and we appreciate the prompt delivery . The items also arrived in perfect condition .
 These pads are very thin and everything leaks to the floor . Would not buy again . I have a very small dog .
 I BOUGHT THEM AND THEY GO BACK . THEY ARE HORRIBLE AND DANGEROUS . IF YOUR PET IS RECOVERING , JUST SMALL , ARTHRITIC IF U WANT TO HURT THEM THEN BUY THEM . U WILL ALSO NEED 4TH STEP UNLESS YOUR FURNITURE IS VERY LOW . MY ITALIAN GREYHOUD PULLED A TENDON AND I GOT THESE FOR HER . FIRST THEY ARE PLASTIC . THEY HAVE TO BE ASSEMBLED . THEY HAVE SHARP POINTS . THE WHITE COVERING IS ONE PIECE AND HAS TO BE PULLED OVER ENTIRE STRUCTURE AFTER U ASSEMBLE IT . IT IS HELD ON BY ELASTIC STRIPS . MY `` CARAMIA '' HAS SMALL PAWS AND THEY BARELY FIT . I ALSO HAVE A DOBERMAN WHO KNOCKED IT OVER WITH JUST A NUDGE OF HIS NOSE WHILE SEEING WHAT THIS NEW TOY WAS . IT SAYS HERE THEY CAN BE USED FOR CATS . WHEN U OPEN THE BOX THERE IS A WARNING , NOT FOR CATS . WHO IS DOING THE LYING AND WHY ? TO SELL IT AND MAKE MONEY . MY CARA HAS A PULLED TENDON AND I HAVE TO LIFT HER UNTIL IT HEALS . I WAS A FOOL . AND COMPLETELY TAKEN IN BY THE PHOTO THAT HAS A GOOD SIZED DOG STANDING ON A GOOD SIZED STEP . NO WAY . MY DOGS ARE SMART . ANIMALS ARE SMART . CAPTAIN JACK , THE DOBIE THINKS ITS TO TOSS AND CARAMIA DOES N'T KNOW WHAT IT IS . I ALREADY HAVE A SET OF GOOD STAIRS AND WHY I BOUGHT THIS PIECE OF JUNK I DO NOT KNOW . SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND KEEP YOUR PET AND FRIEND SAFE AND HELP THEM . IF U DO N'T CARE , BUY THEM AND JOIN THE CLUB FOR IDIOTS .
 I already own one set of Telebrands Doggy Steps , which I like . So I ordered another here . What I recieved was not the same but rather an inferior copycat . I was so disappointed . It arrived in an unmarked box , no branding , no labeling at all . The assembly instructions were on a piece of paper photocopied from another leaflet advertising `` dog stairs '' . Not the same item at all . The Doggy Steps from tv are sturdy , well made and hold up well . These were cheap , flimsy and the cover kept bunching up . Disappointed that they tried to trick me here . Do n't fall for it ! There is a big difference between the original and this imposter . Amazon should yank this third party seller from the site for their misleading claims .
 This product is difficult to put together , my little dogs will not go on it because of it 's lack of sturdiness . A waste of money , do not recommend .
 This product is very poorly made . Assembly was difficult due to misfitting parts . The cover does not fit well , requiring me to add elastic across the bottom and stich the cover to the step risers with carpet thread.We have a 20lb Bichon , and a piece broke off where the steps fold . Now it makes a loud noise when she uses it . I will try to fix with duct tape.I was tempted to send this back , but decided that it was cheap enough to make due.I do NOT recommend this item .
 This product snapped into pieces when my dog hit the bottom step . She is well within the weight limits , and I 've purchased two different brands of doggy steps in the past and have never had a problem . Look elsewhere !
 Steps were poorly constructed and too small . My dog still will not use them even after training attempts . He goes up and down regular steps confidently but these steps do not provoke the same . He seems frightened and does not trust them .
 The description says up to 70 1bs and my dog is only 20lbs yet I worry that they 'll come apart when she 's on them . Made of plastic that snaps together and does n't seem very secure to me . They look pretty nice though once you put the cover on it . I just purchased similar steps at CVS for $ 7.50 . They look exactly the same and are made the same . Ca n't tell them apart . Save money and buy the ones from CVS instead .
 do not waste your money . Worst item on amazon ! It seems completely different in the picture . Item comes as uninstalled cheap plastic and with a cover . Extremely disgusting product
 This item was not worth the price . It is made of cheap plastic . The cover was fringed and falling apart . I have two pugs and they are scared to use it because it moves when they walk on it . I have tried several things to make it more stable , but nothing seems to work . I put it on a piece of carpet -LRB- we have tile in the house -RRB- ... I placed ruber under the four pieces of rubber that are already attached while it was on the tile and on the carpet ... One of the pugs went to use it and it actually toppled over onto him . I suggest to spend a few more dollars and get something that wo n't wobble .
 Easy to assemble , but when I got to the crossbar in the back , they sent a crossbar with two left feet so to speak . They assembled two of the same crossbar , instead of a right and a left . Luckily I have an 11 lb dog , so it 's not as stable as would need be for a 60 lb dog only able to use part of the crossbar .
 Three steps is not enough to be any good for anything ! And when you receive the product , you find out that an additional step will cost you $ 30 - more than the original set ! Not sturdy at all . My chihuahua wo n't get anywhere near it now - it tipped over on him the first time he tried to use it - and he weighs 6lbs ! Ended up tossing it into a closet , its not worth the postage to return it .
 This is too short for all the beds in our house , but they did stick an ad for a 4th step , which you can order by mail and costs almost as much as the original product.The fact they even put the 4th step ad in the box tells me they knew it , but figured they could charge you again once you 've bought it once.Deceptive.Meanwhile , the product is indeed flimsy , which is fine given the -LRB- supposed -RRB- low price.Bottom line , go with a nicer one ; you 'll end up paying the same price , and wo n't have to go through the trouble of ordering the 4th step.PJ , Virginia
 Beware Beware this product is typical TV advertised JUNK ! I would not even put it together and allow my precious dog to climb onto it . This came as a KD assemble yourself and is cheesy and flimsy and not worth half the money I paid ! Then when I called R&G to return they expect me to pay a $ 5 restocking fee and will not refund the shipping ! Brother was I taken for a ride ! BE SMART and DO NOT order ! Amazon you should take it off your sight YOUR reputation is n't worth this ! I will return and get what money I can back , and I plan on telling everyone who will listen what a piece of JUNK this is ! GJ Lichtel
 The plastic on the top step cracked and split the first day that my 25 pound dog was using it .
 to weak to support a yorkie terrier a total waste of money i would give it NO stars if i could
 The cover does not fit the steps properly . The dog is scared to use the stepsdue to the cover slipping and sliding . I would not recommend these steps .
 Stay away from these . There are plenty of pet steps on Amazon of higher quality for comparable $ . If you 're looking for small , cheap , snap-together plastic steps with a cover that does n't properly fit , then buy these . If you want something better , try a different brand .
 TOTAL height is a vertigo inducing 12 INCHES . Consists of a somewhat flimsy -LRB- albeit serviceable -RRB- snap together plastic frame with a cheap , loose fitting -LRB- not at all like in the photo -RRB- fabric cover . Had to have cost all of $ 1.35 to manufacture and ship over from China . Would be getting to be a bit overpriced at $ 5 .
 This is cheap plastic , covered by an even cheaper fleece &#34; carpet . &#34; It is not sturdy and not high enough . Sorry I ordered it .
 When I opened the package the product was very flimsy , cheap looking material . After it was fully assembled it was relatively sturdy however if my dog came at it with a running start -LRB- which he frequently does -RRB- it toppled over . My other complaint is that it is MUCH to short to reach any normal size bed -LRB- unless you have a bed similar to the type they sell at ikea that does not require a box spring and sits low to the ground -RRB- it did nothing to help my smaller dog -LRB- 5 lb -RRB- . Also , even if you have a larger small breed dog the shortness is still a problem because it creates too steep of an incline when getting off of the bed , my larger dog -LRB- 10 lb , haha -RRB- was afraid to use it . Another annoying factor is that they do n't have the measurements listed on the box -LRB- I bought it directly at a pet supply store -RRB- and the pictures on the box are very deceiving , there is no way these teeny tiny steps could reach the tailgate of a truck . I am very dissatisfied and will be returning the product immediately .
 Cat Mate feederMy cat figured real fast how to open it before the scheduled time . Is there any ways the company could improve the product . It is useless to me now !
 Although this seems like a great , simple design , my cat was able to disable the feeder after two days . He was VERY determined to do so . I would recommend this feeder if your cat would not be highly motivated to break in . I agree with the other reviews that it is hard to set the exact time for the feeder to release the food .
 Bought this tripod for use with a small spotting scope . The pan movement was not smooth at all . Even with the tension screw loosened all the way , the head would stick initially each time the head was panned from side to side . Overall quality of the tripod seemed cheap . Sturdy enough , but rough movements .
 I 'd give it zero stars if I could . Did n't do ANYTHING for my 2 cats !
 Did not seem to affect my two cats . They may have even gotten along better without it . My theory , totally a nonexpert , is that it just masks their normal smells , which is critical to their interactions . They rely on smell to determine who has been where and so forth -- this seems to interfere with it .
 I put Biospot on my dog on Saturday and Wednesday she still had fleas . Its suppose to last for 4 weeks - it did n't even last for 4 day . Not only that but it leaves a gross oily patch where ever I apply it . Worst flea product ever !!!
 We have 2 older feeders that is the same style and we love them . Easy to clean and simple to use . Attracts allot of hummingbirds.We purchased 4 more and found out the top is almost impossible to put on . It 's just too tight . I 'm very disappointed .
 This feeder is pretty and decorative . The issue is for the money , I was surprised to see it starting to rust under the top and around the flower area .
 Though this feeder looks great , the fasteners that attach the `` flowers '' to hummingbird feeder rust . The hummingbirds drink through the aforementioned fasteners . I do not know if this will discourage hummingbirds in the future , but if I was buying a new feeder , I would not choose this one .
 After one season , the rust began to form on the metal basin thus poisoning the water . There 's no way to clean the rust off . More and more corrosion over time . I do n't want to kill the little beauties , just feed them . I bought instead a metal free feeder and have had no trouble .
 Received this as a gift . My little boy and I were getting it ready to put it out and watch the hummers . He was so excited ! But , we have to throw it away because it is junk ! I asked for a nice looking , not plastic hummingbird feeder . Well , this one looks great , and it was a nice gift , but they fool you about the metal and glass construction . Sure , the cylinder is glass and the top is metal , and the little birds stand on a metal base and drink out of little metal flowers . BUT , the part that screws the base onto the glass cylinder is CHEAP PLASTIC !!! I got it out , filled it with fluid and watched it all leak out through the cracked plastic around the plastic threads that attach the bottom perch area to the cylinder . Even if there was no crack , it still would not work because the cheap plastic threads do n't hold the glass cylinder well enough to handle even being touched , much less hanging outside with the wind and little creatures . I 'm sure it would fall apart the first time a bird landed on it . If you do n't thread it on just right , it falls off in your hand , and even when you thread it on very carefully , it is still not stable enough to actually use . Do n't waste your money .
 The plastic screw-on bottom and top are not easy to attach to the glass container . I would say it is down right troublesome.I would not purchase this item again due to the problem .
 I think it 's pretty but not made well . The hole is to small to clean it . The birds love it but it is too shallow so every time the wind blows it goes every where . I have it sitting on a table so it does n't leak but the birds wo n't use it there .
 This feeder is NOT more durable due to metal parts as some reviews state . None of the ` working parts ' are made of metal ; the parts that screw together are the usual cheap plastic that eventually cracks . Although the bottom reservoir comes apart for cleaning , it 's very difficult to clean the glass tube . If you live in a windy desert -LRB- where Hummingbirds live -RRB- the feeder will tip in the wind and empty out . If the wind never blows at your house , you 'll be fine . I have several feeders and they do n't seem to be designed by engineers ...
 Precious got a flowering plant with big red flowers . One day she saw a hummingbird . So I figured I 'd get a feeder to attract more humming birds . I got this.It 's great . I put it out there . It does n't leak . The birds chow down on it like nobody 's business . Precious enjoyed watching the birds.But here we are about six months later . The thing is rusted . The weather has taken its toll on the thing , and it just looks awful . I 'll have to get something else next spring .
 I ordered the feeder pictured above . The company sent me a totally different one . They said that it was Amazons fault , they had the wrong picture . Then they said they do n't carry the one pictured . WASSUP ???
 I had a bad experience with this particular Hummingbird feeder . It must be filled upside down then you flip it over to get the metal disc to slide down to create the seal . Unfortunately , a seal is not created , therefore I spilt sticky , red , hummingbird water all over the kitchen floor ! This might have been avoided had instructions been included . No such luck . After I cleaned up , refilled & headed outdoors , it still leaked , all over the freshly washed floor ! It was okay once it was hung up , until the ants attacked ! By that time , I was done . Into the Garage Sale box it went .
 I am not sure if mine fell apart in shipping but the base was attached to the cover with twist ties ! Still I gave it a chance and in one day it was completely empty . I thought ... `` must have hungry birds '' ... but no , the thing leaks all over the place . All the liquid leaked out in one day . I showed it to a hummingbird expert and she said it is pretty but useless . There was no way to fix it as any adhesives may get into the water and harm the birds . She said the best bet is the plastic red ones . They may not be the most attractive but they get the job done and attract lots of hummingbirds .
 Within four weeks this hummingbird feeder had rust spots on it and the red flowers are faided . Plus I never saw a bird drink from it and I have been feeding humming birds for over 20 years .
 I purchased the Birdscape Hummingbird feeder and am disappointed that it started rusting after just 1 week of use . Guess I should have gone with the cheaper plastic models .
 I find it very odd that there are two different manufacturers of `` Pet-Tabs '' and their labeling is practically identical
 These tablets must have something special in them , my dog was super hyperactive after eating them . Bouncing off the walls , very crazy . I 'd like to believe she gets enough vitamins from her daily food , so I ca n't account for the strange increase in craziness . It was n't just energy , it was like she had less focus and was much more distracted . When I stopped feeding these to her , she went back to normal . These tablets are made in India according to the package , not sure if that has anything to do with anything -LRB- I 'm one of those paranoid dog owners that wo n't feed my dog anything from China - have n't heard anything specific about India though -RRB- . Anyway , I 'm sure these are working well for others , just my two cents on my experience .
 I tried this on cigarette odor and cat smell AFTER a deep cleaning . I was not impressed so I gave it another round of generous spraying . It still did not perform as expected . I returned the product and they did refund my purchase price
 this does not work only a quick fix smell comes back next day bad very sad it didnt work will mot suggest
 Although product seems to help our dog 's arthritis in short time we have tried to use it both times -LRB- 2 weeks each time -RRB- , our 120 lb mastiff/shepherd does NOT tolerate this product well . She loses appetite on this product and frequently vomits morning after tablets are given . Symptoms disappeared within 2 days of discontinuing product.I wasted a lot of money it seems.If you buy , hope your animal has better tolerance for this supplement .
 So far I have not seen a difference in my husky 's limping . She seemsto be getting worse , instead of better . I 'm puzzled , and will continue to check with the vet ... Hope this helps you , but it has n't helped my girl .
 I was using Dosequin from my veternarian and thought I would try this . I have not seen any improvement . Am going to try a different product
 I ca n't speak for the effectiveness of the product - my dogs simply refuse to eat it . I 've ordered the chews Cosequin before and they loved those . I could give those as treats . These tablets must taste something aweful - even if I put peanut butter on them they get left on the floor . Simply not worth it to me .
 Tried for quite a while , my dog seemed to get worse , more stiff and less playful + he would spit them out , had a hard time getting him to eat them . Went back to cod liver oil / salmon oil & baby aspirin , he is much happier .
 Very expensive trial ... my dog has arthritis symptoms , but this product has done absolutely NOTHING to help . The only thing that helps her are adult dose aspirins . A waste of money .
 I really hate to be a `` wet blanket , '' but this medication was a total waste of money and my dogs went through unnecessary pain . I have a shih tzu , a chow , and a dachshund . -LRB- I did n't know when I got these dogs that they were prone to bad backs and/or hip dysplasia - learn from my experience and educate yourself before buying a dog - no matter how sweet ! -RRB- I 'd been giving them glucosamine chondroitin for a couple of years and they thrived . I made a mistake and ordered the Cosequin tablets and they 've suffered since they 've been taking it . I could n't afford the expense to throw out the Cosequin and spend big money -LRB- to me -RRB- for glucosamine chondroitin meds . Now I 'm switching back to G-C and expect them to walk painlessly soon .
 My Labrador Retriever rejected these tablets even when I forced them into his clenched jaw . The soft chews are the only form to use .
 I was giving this to my 3 dogs but not regularly . My boy dog was having issues getting up so I was giving to him faithfully , he lost his appetite , was getting sick ... vet did tests , said liver enzymes were little high , said was n't this supplement , , my baby liked them , i kept giving them , took him to another vet , she said liver issues ... sent me to internist at Coral Springs Animal Hospital -LRB- horrid -RRB- , , they did liver biopsy ... he was s traumatized and drugged , soon after he stopped eating anything and passed away , , , I believe this supplement and my stupidity to not recognize this supplement was making him have no appetite and vomit aided in killing my dog . I did n't realize it til i started to give the supplement faithfully to his sister and she lost her appetite ! Stopped this supplement and se is her normal bratty self , playful , , yes , sometimes limpy but she is HEALTHY ! BE CAREFUL ! I 'm so upset with myself for making my fur-baby sick with this product : -LRB-
 My dog has had urinary issues for a long time . My vet recommend these tablets to help him with his pH levels and crystals . After a while of being on these tablets he developed stones . After talking with some other dog owners that also have dogs with the same urinary problems , their dogs developed stones as well after starting this regimen . I do NOT recommend this product . It caused more problems then when my puppy starting taking it .
 I was looking for a cheap and more palatable alternative to Phycox for my Toller . She has had hip issues for a couple years and I miss seeing that spring in her step . I thought I would try Cosequin since the price was n't too bad and it had rave reviews . I was really disappointed to see her have no improvement after 10 weeks . I 'm very glad it works for a lot of dogs , but it did n't work for my girl .
 Excellent product ; it took forever for it to be delivered . I had hoped there would be a bigger savings from Amazon than from local retail but there is n't . In the future I will probably buy locally - save the time and cost of shipping . Otherwise it is an excellent product !
 I spent a lot of time researching different products and this had the best reviews and costumer satisfaction . But for my dog it 's not working . I 'm going back to using the people version of this . My dog has been on this over a week and still has a lot of pain . I wasted 64 dollars for nothing .
 My dog does not like them !! I have to put wrap it in something for her to take . I bought some chewables at our local store and really like the taste of the chews . I wish I would have tried a little bottle first .
 My labs are 100 lbs each . After only 2 chewable tablets within a 12 hr period , they both developed violent diarrhea . I stopped it immediately . My poor dogs were in so much distress and it stressed all of us . I had to leave the dog door in overnight the second night so that I would not have to wake up to what I did the first night . Might be a good product for some dogs but just be aware that this can happen . Believe me , it is not how you or your senior dog wants to spend a weekend .
 I tried it for 3 months , did not help my lab . Just my experience , others may have had a more positive outcome .
 My dog could not even handle this product for a week because it made him projectile vomit after each dose . In the time that he did take the medicine I saw no difference in his pain level .
 Could see any improvement but it did n't hurt her either . I do know she hates the flavor of the chewables ; had to hide in steaks or hot dogs .
 Product smelled really nice . Only lasted for an hour or so . Did not make a huge difference in my dogs coat . Would not purchase again . Seller was great ! Received item in time alloted . Packaged well .
 The page specifies the tube contains 4.6 ounces . When received it only contained 2.5 ounces .
 I bought the toothpaste and there were some weird green fibers in there . My dog sniffed at it and turned his head away . So I called the manufacturer , -LRB-800-RRB-338-3659 , to ask them what the green fibers were . They did send a pick-up for lab test but later never returned my phone call when I asked for the result -LRB- I called many times . When I called this company no one ever answers the phone . I do n't know if it 's going out of business or what . But I would n't dare to purchase any more product from this company .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 This thing did n't have a chance against my year old boxer , he started pulling off inch long chunks within 10 minutes . Not really worth the money .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 I can not review this item , as the company did not send it . I 'm sure it would have been a great product , had I received it in the first place . I have sent numerous emails to give the company an opportunity to resolve this . VERY disappointed .
 I have several of the multipet look who 's talking toys , was disappointed with this one -LRB- cow dog toy -RRB- . Did not seem as though the quality was as good as the others and the `` sound box '' was sideways . I got it shifted a bit but it would not stay in place . Arrived quickly .
 I returned this before I even let my dog see it . I may have missed it in the description , but there is a large square , plastic box -LRB- I 'm assuming battery powered -RRB- inside the toy that makes it &#34; mooo &#34; . Simply put , if I would n't chew on it ... my dogs not going to chew on it . That box inside is all corners and I ca n't imagine it being fun to chew on .
 The tail shredded shortly after my Russell started chewing . Could choke a small dog or cause other health issues . Would not recommend this toy .
 If your pet has EVER torn open any toy , do NOT buy this because it 's got several small parts -LRB- batteries , broken plastic -RRB- that a dog can ingest and cause serious problems
 I bought this pig based on reviews and though it was cute . Our dog likes to chew stuffed animals so we only give this to her for short amounts of time while keeping an eye on her .
 I love this line from the product description : `` This pig looks and sounds so authentic you and your pet will think it 's real . `` Uhh ... yeah . There 's a serious problem with your dog if he thinks this is an actual pig . There 's a REALLY SERIOUS problem if YOU think it 's real!That being said , it 's a cute little pig that has a hard plastic center that oinks . My wiener dog was `` put off '' by the oinking and did n't want to play with it . My friend 's Shih Tzu was happy to accept the toy and LOVED playing with it . He is not a very destructive dog with toys , so it held up well ... but a rougher/bigger dog would destroy this thing in no time . It stopped oinking after about a year of gentle play.Also , I would worry that a dog that is tough on his toys might open this piggy up and EAT some little electronic component from the sound-making device ... or the battery ! : - -LRB-
 We ordered two of these , one for each of our dogs . Both are under 60 lbs and one 's skinny enough that he can crawl between the porch steps if he 's so inclined . The description is just unreal that this house is suitable for dogs up to 75 lbs . This house is for small and maybe medium breed dogs ... not ours . Ours are about 40 lbs and 55 lbs . Neither could get inside . Otherwise , assembly was easy . My 10 year old daughter wanted to do it , so my better half simply supervised and gave instructions . Both houses have been returned .
 If you 're planning to this house on cement , please for the sake of your pets , get something else.I 've had this for less than a year , and the regular movement and bumping of my dogs has worn four neat quarter-sized holes in the base of the house.Also , when water drips on the roof , if follows the curvature of the plastic and comes inside the house ! It 's not as snug as it appears.Doors or flaps do not fit neatly onto this thing , and because it 's plastic , screws can have a hard time holding . Do yourself a favor and look at your other options .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 This is another of the toys of this brand that did not last but a few minutes . My dog loved the sound it made but it just did not last.Bob
 I returned this before I even let my dog see it . I may have missed it in the description , but there is a large square , plastic box -LRB- I 'm assuming battery powered -RRB- inside the toy that makes it &#34; ribbit &#34; . Simply put , if I would n't chew on it ... my dogs not going to chew on it . That box inside is all corners and I ca n't imagine it being fun to chew on .
 Smaller than I expected and not the same frog that I was trying to replace . The shape is odd also , almost ball shaped . Our dog is n't pleased with it either , I will be taking the voice box out and placing it into the old , much loved frog .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 My small -LRB- 24 pound -RRB- dog loves these talking animals . I 've bought him each one of them . He carries them around the house with him , sleeps with them in his dog bed , amuses himself with them , and makes them talk sometimes - for ten minutes in a row . He does eventually destroy most of them , pulling the ears off the parrot , destroying the sound mechanism inside , ripping some of them apart . They last him one to several months . His favorite of them all seems to have been the pup from Multipet - not pretty much destroyed after three weeks . They are his pets . But this monkey , though it 's absolutely adorable , more adorable than the chimp , has the most annoying screeching sound I 've ever heard . I have n't given it to him because I do n't want to hear that awful screech all day . Something to be concerned about . The sounds the other Multipets make are tolerable , or even cute . Nothing cute about the screeching monkey sounds .
 It scared my dog , it is hard and the sound is more like a shriek than a cute monkey sound . Not great for small dogs .
 When I first got the collar it looked great and I was happy . Then I tried to open it . It was EXTREMELY tight and very difficult to open . It was actually painful to my hands to get the thing open.I opened and closed it a few times , and thought it was looser . I put it on my dog 3 times and struggled to get it off of him each time . The last time I just had to cut it off.Get a different collar , this one is bad .
 I bought a Hamilton collar of this style for a large dog . 120 # . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to the end of the lead , the abrupt snap caused the steel ring to move up over the buckle and release the snap tabs . Voila ! Loose dog!Not something you would want to happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 The worst case scenario
 I bought this product out of desperation to avoid getting my 4 year old cat declawed , after moving in with a significant other . After reading the other reviews I thought that it was worth a try . Unfortunately , this product did n't work for my cat . The first few hours , maybe even the first day , the product worked suprisingly well . After that I was finding claw cups all over the house . He would hide out somewhere and chew until he could get one off ... . and no amount of glue will oustand the persistence of a mad cat . What really turned me off of this product is when I found a claw cup on the floor with an entie nail . The product had become irritating enough for my cat to perfer ripping his entire nail out of his paw , claw cup included . If you are in a desperate situation then give it a try . Do n't expect a miracle .
 It fits over some claws , not over others . It 's nearly impossible to get them on your cat . I 'm returning this product because it 's fairly useless . The fit provided by soft claws is not very good and I 'm certain they would fall off after a couple of days . I refuse to have my cat de-clawed because it 's inhumane and so the search for something in between continues.Bottom line
 I do n't recommend this product to cat owners . It 's hard to get your cat to sit still for you to put them on , especially if you have a hand disability like i do . The cat can take them off in a day or two if you 're lucky they 'll stay on that long . I just did n't like the product , but to each his own .
 This item is very small for the price . You would do better getting one from PetSmart or selecting a larger tickler . My cat played with it but he is strong and tore it apart on the first day . It 's just not worth 7.00 to me .
 would not purchase again . hard to hang in the net and it appeared the birds had a hard time getting to the seed .
 When birds avoided the bell , I decided to break it up and put the seeds in a feeder . It was so hard that I had to use a rubber hammer.No wonder the birds did n't like it in the netting . They could n't break any off ! Either make your own or just buy birdseed .
 This did nor work for us . Every squirrel in the neighborhood loved it , but the birds never had a chance .
 I have used another brand of feeder -LRB- Little Giant -RRB- for the past few years . I liked them but the bottom rusted out . So when I found this one I thought it looked good and the reviews looked promising . First of all do n't make the same mistake I did . I thought from reviews I had read that you could hook up a water hose up to this and it would let the water flow to a set level and then shut off . My mistake there is no such water shutoff . But that is not where my problem with this thing really lies . It is in the construction of this thing . There is an inner divider that keeps the food up and away from the door . This divider lets only a certain amount of food down to where the dogs can get to it by pushing the door . It works well when that divider is in it 's place . But after a few warm days full of food the divider had slipped out of place allowing all the food to fall against the door . That made the door impossiblefor the dogs to get to the food . I put the divider back in place thinking maybe it was not right the first time . Well 2 weeks later it happened again . But this time I did not notice it right away . My dogs -LRB- 3 Golden Retrievers -RRB- must of got upset about not being able to get to their food that they started to destroy the feeder . They nearly chewed through the side and top . This could have been bad if I had been gone for a couple of days . I need something more reliable than that . I guess I will go back to the Little Giant
 I bought this for my smaller dogs and cats , they will not push the door open for the food , It would work better on a larger pet .
 Ordered a new Gamma container thru Amazon & the neck is cracked in 2 places . Since return shipping would be near the price , I 'm gon na toss it . MAJOR angry . Btw , plastic is thinner than my old one . Grrrrrrrrrr - used to be a great product - can not recommend ordering thru Amazon -LRB- find store & closely inspect -RRB- . Review for original product : We bought our 15 pound capacity Gamma container at least 5 plus years ago & it could be be as many as 7 -LRB- am dating from pet ages -RRB- . It still keeps the dry food fresh . I am buying a new container to store a second type of cat food . These are very sturdy ; I have used mine as a step stool upon occasion . Because I am neurotic about bugs , I do n't use the original dry food bags w/in the base so I have one caution
 The recessed grip in the center makes getting the lid off difficult and the squirrels chewed through it in a day .
 Our 6-year old Vizsla has been eating Canidae for 3 years . A month ago we switched flavors from Bison to Sea Salmon . We gradually transitioned the change even though it was the same company . Within four weeks on the new flavor he developed a set of distressing systems including soft , mucus covered stools , horrible gas , low energy , staggering walk , excessive drooling , licking and constant neck extending -LRB- difficulty swallowing -RRB- . A vet visit confirmed these as diet related . We put him on a chicken/rice diet and his symptoms stopped after just two days . Doing research to decide whether to switch back to bison or go with another company , I found a great deal of information about other pet owners having issues with all flavors of food from Canidae . Consumer Affairs reports a pending class action suit . We have decided to switch to another company .
 My dog got horrible diarrhea from it.We mixed it with her old food for about a week and after that gave her just the Canidea food.Too bad , it seemed like a good brand though .
 Canidae has changed the formula of their ALS recipes . Many , many dogs have become ill after eating the new formula . The web is full of complaints from dog owners whose dogs are experiencing the same awful symptoms -LRB- Diarrhea , vomiting , itching , hot spots and even seizures -RRB- . Do your homework before buying this product . The company changed the formula without notifying the public . Would give zero stars if possible .
 I 've heard this is a good food , but was shocked to see after chicken meal so many grains . I did not feed this to my dog . I 'd rather pay more money for better quality food . All those fillers are unneeded . I expect such a highly regarded company to have better ingredients . I always look for by products but did n't think to even bother to check the next 4 ingredients . Highly disappointed .
 This has given my young dog persistent loose stools . My older dog also had problems with loose stools on the adult formula , which was immediately rectified by a change to Innova . See the large number of serious complaints on the web about the new formulation before buying .
 I should 've done more research before buying this product . My dog seemed to have very little appetite when she was on this food . She had skin problems . She had loose stools . Unfortunately I did n't want to believe that it had anything to do with the food . I finally decided to look into it after months of trying to get her to eat it more regularly and found that my problems were n't uncommon with this food . I 've since switched her to Blue Buffalo food and her skin problems have gotten better , she has become more energetic , her stools are no longer loose and she happily eats .
 I have a two and a half year old female Boxer that has allergies to most commercial dog foods , so I keep her on a diet free of wheat , soy , and animal by-products . Canidae seemed to fit the criteria and was available at my local pet store -LRB- whereas , the brand I was feeding , Evo , had to be ordered -RRB- , so I wanted to try it . I 've been feeding my dog three and a half cups of Canidae dry dog food daily -LRB- divided between two feedings -RRB- for about five weeks , and she has lost a significant amount of weight on this diet . She is a very active dog that has always been lean , but she is now too skinny . I will be switching back to Evo and would not recommend Canidae .
 I purchased Canidae Dry Dog Food , Chicken Meal and Rice Formula for my two Cocker Spaniels -LRB- Cavalier King Charles and American breed -RRB- . After about two weeks , the problems began . Diarrhea , some vomiting and general malaise . Further feeding resulted in more problems . We had fed them Blue Buffalo and Eukanuba in the past but had never experienced these kind of problems . We returned to Eukahuba and both pets have returned to normal . I 'm unsure what ingredients caused the problem but I will never use this product again and recommend caution before feeding your dog this food!Canidae Dry Dog Food , Chicken Meal and Rice Formula , 30-Pound Bag
 I began feeding my dog Canidae after the tainted food scare . We loved everything about it and our dog had zero problems with it . Then they changed the formula . They made extreme changes and did not even slap a sticker on the bag to alert their consumers . After weeks of diarrhea and vomiting and hot spots and a large -LRB- unnecessary -RRB- vet bill , I finally discovered it was the food ! We switched to a new brand and problems solved . Canidae has angered a lot of devoted customers . I would never buy their products again . Wish I could give them ZERO stars !
 I 'm on my second Liter Robot . My first one was thrown away out of frustration as I would constantly find the globe turned 90 degrees in a stuck position . I 'd also find cat poop on the floor in front of it since my cat obviously could n't use the cat box with it turned like that.four years later and I received the LRII as a gift . It works 85 % of the time . Then suddenly it will turn all the way counter-clockwise and then just as it 's about to turn to it 's starting position , it stops ... then starts turning counter clockwise yet again , and then tries to return to starting once more before it just kind of gives up . Yesterday morning , I found more cat poop in front of it because , again , my cat wasnt able to use the cat box with it turned sideways.As far as I 'm concerned , if I had a standard cat box that cost around $ 15 , it guarantees that my cat wont poop on the floor.EDIT
 I 'm sorry to say , despite my high hopes , I 'm disappointed with this product . Although it was quite easy to set up , it never worked right and after three weeks , it does n't work at all . Initially , it would go through its cycle just fine , but for some reason , the waste would not end up in the collector tray . Then the motor jammed and I ca n't find any visible problem . To add insult to injury , my cat has decided he does n't need to go all the way in the hole in order to pee - he just stands in the entrance and pees on the floor ... I have not yet called customer service so I ca n't comment further . I 'm hopeful that the problems I have can be resolved and , if so , I 'll be happy to modify review accordingly .
 Actually , I love it but the cats do n't so it 's an expensive failed experiment . ONe cat used it once , stood at a distance watching with alarm as it whirred and gently , quietly did it 's electronic thing and she never went back . It 's a great alternative to the other automatic boxes that break a lot , but I do n't know how to entice the critters to use it .
 Plain and simple , our cats were terrified of the noise this things makes . But I gave it 2 stars because I can see how wonderful it would be if our cats did like it.I also included a photo because the cat this company used to market the litter robot must be enormous . I placed a milk carton next to it for a reality check .
 but it suffers from a few really bad design flaws.First , the good . The motor is much quieter than my previous LitterMaid litter box and although it is taller , is takes up less space than the LitterMaid . The Litter Robot is solid and well-made , whereas the LitterMaid was poorly made . Also , the Litter Robot takes 13 gallon trash bags so you wo n't be a slave to overpriced proprietary waste containers . The maintenance on the robot is minimal . It 's easy to put in a new trash bag , and I need to install a new bag every 1.5 weeks with 3 cats . Also , the customer service is extremely nice -LRB- and apparently are very aware of the bad news I am about to tell you -RRB- . Now for the bad . The first problem is that not every cat uses the device `` properly . '' The cats are supposed to go in and turn around -LRB- as shown in Amazon 's picture of the device -RRB- . One of my cats does n't turn around , and because the edge is n't very high above the litter , she proceeds to urinate/crap over the edge and onto the step of the litter box . There are holes that drain into the container at the bottom -LRB- but not into the waste receptacle -RRB- . Also , the next cat will step into the urine when they go to use the box . It is a disgusting mess!The controls for the litter box are located such that they get urine on them as well . I 've heard from some people that the urine got behind the controls and ruined the circuitry of the device . What a horrible design ! The designers HAD to know this was a problem because I 've heard of many other people who have had this problem also . Why did n't the designers just move the controls a little left or right ? I read about these problems in reviews but I was just hoping that none of MY wonderful cats would do this.Also , I had a VERY hard time getting 2 of my cats to use the box because they are apparently claustrophobic -LRB- I suppose they associated it with the pet taxis used to take them to the vet -RRB- . If the Litter Box just allowed the back end to be opened up to -LRB- even temporarily -RRB- my cats would have been MUCH more comfortable to get in the box and check it out . Getting my cats to use the box was a frustrating week long ordeal complete with urination on the floor . Some people 's cats wo n't have this problem and to them I say , `` Good for you . Consider yourself lucky . `` If I can ever get my cat 's to start turning around and quit urinating on the step , the Litter Box will be perfect . However , they could have designed this product so that cats would n't be required to turn around . I consider this a MAJOR design flaw so I ca n't justify giving it a better rating.UPDATE on 9/3/2007
 I had such high hopes for this unit . It addresses all my problems with my LitterMaid -LRB- s -RRB- . I 've had 3 LitterMaids between 2001 and a month ago.I have 5 cats , ages 1.5-15 .5 , weighing between 9-12 lbs , 3 males and 2 females.Pros
 I had a Littermaid box that finally broke after about 8 years . The Litter Robot was appealing to me becuase I was tired of paying for the expensive waste receptacles needed for the Littermaid . I have 2 cats , one is 8 lbs and the other is 16 lbs . My larger cat REFUSES to use the Litter Robot . It is simply not big enough for him . He prefers the floor right next to it . Neither cat is afraid of it . I suppose they are used to the noise from the other box.I called customer service and they had suggestions on how to get him to use it , none of which worked . In the meantime , my 60 day trial period ran out and now I am stuck with a litterbox neither of my cats will use . I bought a basic litter pan for my larger cat , and apparently my smaller cat prefers it to the Litter Robot because she uses it as well . She will only use the Robot if it is her only option.My advice is to return it immediately if your cats do n't take to it right away . I did n't have any problem with the functionality . You have to make sure the drawer does n't get too full or that there is n't too much litter inside because the weight will cause it to malfunction .
 I would not recommend this on carpet , even though they offer no such warning.We kept adjusting the sensitivity of it till it was set as sensitive as possible , but the front foot sunk in the carpet and it quit cleaning . We only figured this out after noticing that they were peeing on the carpet . So we set up a hard service under it , but it still managed to sink the ceter tile in to the carpet to the point that it did n't clean as needed . So they went back to peeing on the carpet.So we moved it to a bathroom where it would be on a linoleum floor . They went back to using it , but then after a few weeks they stopped and went back to the carpet in the original room . No idea what happened , but they acted terrified of it . If I carried them into the room they would run out as soon as they were released . -RRB- Then we had some people come into paint the walls . We moved the litter robot to the attic for a month since a traditional box was easier to move around as we set aside places for them to stay out of the way of the painting . When I brought the robot out of the attic it would n't work . Plugged it in and nothing . Called customer service but it was after the warranty period so we were left with a huge $ 300 hunk of junk.And we had to tear out the carpet in the original room.This was the worst mistake I 've made as a cat owner and WILL NEVER order another one .
 all was well with the litter robot . -LRB- a little loud when turning , but not a big deal . -RRB- until a year and half later , when the base crapped out . the warranty is only for a year . but to get this fixed , we would need to get the base packed and shipped to michigan . cost of packing and shipping would be roughly $ 80 . it 's not heavy , but it is pretty big and USPS now charges for oversized items . but on top of that , we would be charged for the repair , as well as the cost for shipping it back.i took this to a local electrician . the guy could n't even get in there because the base is riveted together.cost of new base with shipping ? about $ 200 . buy at your own risk .
 Purchased this unit 7 months ago . Once I got our 2 cats to use it life was good . Unit easily cleans litter as described for a week before needing litter tray emptying.The problem is this thing relies on motors , power supply , and a circuit board to operate efficiently daily . When most cats urinate they keep they 're 2 front paws out of the box , occasionally some of that will spill over in the front . This has happened with our unit and destroyed the improperly sealed circuit board.I have spoken with customer service and just like you might expect they assume everyone is stupid and try fixing the unit starting from the cheapest component . I have waited over a month for a power supply which I know will not fix the unit because I 'm sure it was the urine.Just know you are taking a chance with this thing and for $ 329 you wo n't get much piece of mind if you have problems even though it comes with an 18 month BS warranty .
 We had great hopes for the Litter Robot II . It sounded as if it would cut down on litterbox maintenance , odor , and appearance problems . $ 312.00 is a lot of money , but it sounded as if it would be worth it in reduced aggravation over time.It never did work really right . When in automatic mode it usually stopped wherever it felt like -- sometimes upside down , sometimes sideways . Sometimes it started off turning clockwise , sometimes counterclockwise.Often -- probably 3 out of 4 cycles -- it dumped large amounts of litter out the left side of the unit onto the floor.We tried all of the troubleshooting ideas , varying the amount of litter , resetting the unit , plugging and unplugging -- nothing worked.Neither would it function correctly when the switch was turned off and on manually.I just returned it . Hopefully they will refund my money as they promised through Email.Also hopefully they will correct whatever is wrong and come up with a good product . The concept is great , but the execution is ???
 We had a Littermaid automatic litter box for 8 years . When it started to clog , we bought the Robot because of the great reviews , in spite of the high price . It was a mistake . Page 2 of the manual says `` Try the Litter-Robot in your home for 60 days . If you or your cats are not completely satisfied , for any reason , simply return '' for a refund . When we called Automated Pet Care Products to do so , we where told the 60 day trial only applied to machines purchased directly from them . Since we bought ours from Amazon , they would not honor it ! Problems with the Litter Robot :1 . It is very large and tall . It does not fit under the utility sink . Do n't even consider unless you have lots of room .2 . Our cats have not adapted . The manual suggests having both the new and old boxes available and allow the old box get very dirty ; then , the cats should use the Robot . No ! Our cats preferred rugs , newspaper , suitcases , the firewood carrier , anything but the Robot .3 . Do n't try this if you have a cat that is even moderately large . There wo n't be enough room inside for the cat to circle and cover up his waste . Ours enters the Robot but does n't turn around before relieving himself so the urine often runs down the outside . When he turns around to leave , he steps in the urine so his paws are always dirty .4 . Unlike other automatic boxes , the cat must step on the outside step to trigger the cleaning cycle . Our cats frequently jump over that step , so we have to trigger it manually .5 . The waste drawer does not hold a lot . If it is n't cleaned frequently , the waste prevents the globe from turning properly and it clogs . If we go away for only a weekend with 2 cats , this happens . If one has to clean it daily , why not opt for a simple litter pan ? 6 . Grocery store plastic bags are too small for lining the waste drawer . Stupid . I use them anyway , but it does n't work well . With grocery bags so available , I refuse to buy trash bags specifically to dispose of cat waste .7 . In two months , the machine has jammed several times for reasons I can not figure out.Save your money . If Littermaid sold replacement pans for their machines -LRB- which deteriorate from the urine after a few years -RRB- , we would have stayed with them . Indeed we may buy another -- at least the cats used it -- and for the price of the Robot you can afford to replace the entire Littermaid when the waste starts sticking to the bottom of the pan .
 This is an awesome idea but too small . My bigger cat had allot of trouble not peeing out the door or into the window . My smaller cat eventually rejected it and started peeing outside of it . They never liked it - I think they felt claustrophobic .
 Great concept , but very expensive . A novelty item IMO . Mine worked great for a couple of months and then malfunctioned . Could it be that a power surge perhaps damaged the microprocessor ? I didnt use a surge protector on the line . All I know is it quit working after a few months . The lights would blink , but it would n't go into ready mode . The motor would make noise but it would n't turn -LRB- there was nothing apparently wrong with the big gear teeth so I suspect maybe the motor was burning out -RRB- . At any rate , after multiple attempts to fix it , it now sits in the garage . For a long time I have n't been able to bring myself to take it to the municipal recycling center . I went back to a plain old litter box , but now yearn for something that works reliably so I do n't have to bend over and clean it out every day . Anyone have a suggestion for me ? Anyone need spare parts from my piece of junk sitting in the garage?Postscripts : I did not overfill it . And besides , if you check the design , after one revolution , it will expel any excess that does not fit inside the inner container.The company response was basically
 I have purchased two Litter-robots in four years . The first lasted three years with two cats , so I felt it was well worth the purchase price and decided to buy a new unit when the old one died . $ 350 and one year later the electronic part of the machine died . Just had no power one day . I called the customer service number and left messages since no matter what time I called no human answered , but my calls have not been returned.I liked the product but spending even more money for a machine that only lasted a year seems like a foolish waste of money . This experience with the second litter-robot makes it hard for me to recommend the purchase .
 I have 3 cats - 1 refuses to use it and will pee/poo outside of it but not in it - my smaller cat seems fine with it - my other one uses it but comes out with litter in his fur which collects in the inner part of the tube . The odor from it is pretty bad . I would have to give this thing a super cleaning / take apart / once a month - not fun or easy . The sensor stopped working after 6 months so I would just flip the switch a few times a day . I 'm over it - now trying out Litter Quick by Sport Design . It 's new so there are no reviews on it yet but right away all my cats -LRB- even the fussy one -RRB- took right to it . I 'll miss certain aspects of the litter robot but if my cats wo n't use it then it is useless to me . I 'm sorry it did n't work out.Update - litter quick useless - back to old fashioned scoop method ! My house smells much better now .
 I have owned a little robot for 3.5 months . It has not been the panacea that I had hoped for . I have 2 kitties . My newer one was refusing to use any litter box that had been used , so I got this for her . The robot had nice instructions for how to introduce cats to it , but she is still too skittish to use it . Fortunately , she has become more reasonable now in litter box habits anyway . My other kitty is 10.5 lbs . He will use it -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- , but does n't quite fit so gets poop on the outlet area . So , I think I should have saved my money . And wish that I could have foretold in the first 30 days as to whether they would use it . -LRB- I do not recommend the automatic `` raking '' kind , either , as I 've had that twice and each time it broke within a year . -RRB-
 I just recently purchased a litter robot LRII hoping that it would make the daily chore of cleaning the cat box a little easier . I read all the reviews on the other self cleaning litter boxes and I felt the litter robot was the way to go from what other customers had to say . I felt the price was a little high but i figured you get what you pay for and i liked the way the black one looked . So i purchased it and received it promptly from amazon . I opened the large box and took out the large globe -LRB- make sure to check the measurements its pretty big -RRB- and assembled the machine which was very easy . I set it up in the spot where i had planned and plugged it in . I have two cats a black tuxedo coat -LRB- franky -RRB- and a blue russian -LRB- blue -RRB- both are very spoiled . Franky knew i got him a new toy and couldnt wait to jump in . I filled it with litter and hit the cycle button and it started to do its thing , I was surprised how noisy it was . . but I figured i would get used to it and since i wouldnt have to scoop anymore i could live with it . Well when it finished its cycle Franky jumped right in did his thing and jumped out bringing a lot of litter with him which went onto the floor . This is when fun started when the timer finished and the globe started to turn Franky became curious and wanted to get back into his toy which set off the sensor starting the timing process again which didnt alow the litter robot to deposit the waste into the drawer , I had this problem a lot so my robot was constantly cycling making a lot of loud noise which is not good when trying to sleep . Coming home from work I hoped that I would not smell the litter box anymore like i had with my old scoop box . . i was wrong it still smelled just as much so i was constantly cleaning the drawer out not having to scoop which was nice but still doing the same amount of labor with changing out the bags . . and i should also say that drawer begins to stink even with no waste in it . So overall the design and concept of the litter robot is nice but it is too noisy especially with curious cats , and it smells just as bad as a regular cat box with just as much work involved with cleaning it . . I recommend saving the $ 300 and get a nice scooper .
 Have been using for about 10 months . Today I finally am giving up and throwing it away . Odor control okay for the first 2 months . After that smells bad all the time . Have tried multiple different litters with no improvement . Have tried mulitple different places in the house to make it tolerable . Smells even after thorough cleaning of top ball outdoors . Difficult to clean the upper ball portion . Dirty litter gets lodged in crevices and must use stiff brush to remove . Rubber liner seems to have absorbed urine smell and can not be removed . Have changed carbon filter , have changed seal all to no avail . Sensor has never worked correctly . Rarely triggers clean cycle . I did manually several times a day . For our house of 3 cats , a littermaid with the the litterworks cabinet and Arm and Hammer Natural clumping litter has been the best solution . The lighter weight litter works great with this machine . On our second littermaid , and with this lighter litter , each has lasted over 3 years . I think I will just go back to a normal scoop yourself pan for our second box . The littermaid and litterworks box is the best solution I have found for when we go out of town for a few days .
 I own two cats that are approximately 1 years old and about 10 pounds each . Recently , I bought the Litter Robot 2 in hopes of an easy solution for less time cleaning litter and less smell . This utterly failed the objective claims . First , if you understand that nothing is maintainence free , you will also understand that nothing is 100 % . The cats adapted well thinking that this would be their new pooper pod . There is still great potential for litter to trail as the cats exit . Also , if you have a big cat who decides to do their business without turning around -LRB- facing the entrance/exit -RRB- , guess where all the business ends up ? Okay , so this may entail that certain cats IQ may not necessarily meet the standard potty trained human , but the pod itself does not allow much room for misaims or mistakes . If you add too much or too little litter , you either pay with litter outside the machine or poop stuck on the rubber mat inside , which leads to a very smelly mess . As an even greater blow , if you decide to return the litter robot , you get to pay around $ 70 shipping it back to the company . Oh , there is also a extra $ 40 fee if you do n't clean the litter robot sufficiently , before returning the item . As advise for the fellow cat lover , please stick with your litter box . It 's cheaper and more forgiving .
 I purchased this product in July 2008 with very high hopes . It 's a great idea and seems to be a mechanically sound idea . HOWEVER , my first base died within a month . NEVER has customer service actually answered the phone - you leave a message and they call back ... a LONG time later -LRB- 4 hours to several days -RRB- ... same , unacceptable timeframe with e-mails . This is particularily frustrating considering that they expected me to do quite a bit of troubleshooting for them , above and beyond what was listed in the manual that I had already done before ever contacting them ... I 'm a technically competent person and do n't mind minor troubleshooting ; however I mind very much when I have to troubleshoot on their time frame -LRB- because I have to wait for them to call back ! -RRB- . After about a week of `` troubleshooting '' with them , they sent me a new base . This one worked great for about 21/2 months . Well , it broke again . It needs manual intervention at least once a day ; it 's needed manual intervention several times a day over the past few days . There is absolutely no point in having an automatic system if I have to turn it on and off , mess with the buttons , and/or reset the globe . I can scoop a normal box quicker than I can intervene with the Robot.Finally , there are a few design issues . Two of my three cats will use it , but neither are really comfortable with the cramped design . I think it would be very helpful if it were not totally enclosed . Also , while I love the rubber mat that holds the litter , it is very difficult to clean and it is very stinky inside the globe.Bottom line - I am very disappointed in this product and simply ca n't recommend it at this time . I truly hope that it will improve .
 I have had the Litter Robot for about a year . At first I was very happy with the device , but a year later I am finding it to be more of a monkey on my back than anything.The first problem is that the device does nothing to hide the smell.A much bigger problem is that every month or so you have to clean the device very thoroughly - get it in the bathtub and scrub it inside and out . This is in addition to the regular emptying of the litter box every few days . If you do n't clean it thoroughly the smell becomes overwhelming pretty quickly . If you wait more than a month , or your cat has diarrhea a couple times , then your neat self-cleaing litter box turns into a horrible poop-smeared mess that is utterly digusting to clean . There are so many nooks and crannies on the thing that you have to dig deep inside the device with a brush , and it 's nearly impossible to get rid of the bad smell entirely.If a regular litter box gets extra dirty you can just throw the whole thing out and get a brand new one for $ 10 . Now that I have spent $ 350 on this thing I feel like I ca n't just get rid of it , but some days when I am stuck scrubbing the disgusting thing out for 15 minutes and am elbow deep in cat poop I want to just throw it out.In my opinion the fatal flaw of this device is that about 2/3 of it is exposed to cat waste on a regular basis . The rubber lining , the grate , and even the bottom part of it regularly get some sort of disgustingness , and all of these things are a severe pain to clean thoroughly .
 I had hoped to find a robotic litter box that worked WELL . This is the best of the ones I 've tried , but the cat refuses to do # 2 in it . Instead , she uses the floor outside the box . My vet says that the box area is simply too small in these units . The photo someone else posted shows the problem ... the cat is `` digging '' at the wall outside the box , because it ca n't satisfy its desire to bury its waste . My cat will pee in the box , but that 's it ... Upsides
 I purchased this in 2010 . It 's a great idea but the actual product has been nothing but headaches . The first unit we got would spin and spin and never stop . The company replaced it . That was nice except for the hassle of shipping back a giant used litter box . The new unit worked okay for awhile but soon enough it developed the same problem . Sometimes it stops upside down . That means the cats ca n't use it so they use the floor instead . At this point we 've replaced the ball , the base and the whole unit once each . We clean the unit as directed and our cats are average sized and use the unit appropriately . Consider why the company has enough `` refurbished '' inventory to be able to offer them as an option.Overall I would advise you to consider the price of the unit prorated against the warranty period . Then consider the hassle of getting repair or replacement service even if it 's covered . Then consider that the company is very slow to respond . If you have the money to purchase a back-up in case of malfunction , then I 'd say you should go for it . Not having 700 bucks to shell out for litter boxes , we 'll be returning to a traditional litter pan .
 When I first got this I thought it was great and I originally gave it 5 stars.UPDATE . I have had this almost a year and I do n't like it that much . I now give it 2 stars . It is VERY messy and smelly . The cats kick litter out and litter catches in the small dumping doors and piles up on the floor on both sides . Sometimes a clump will get caught in the doors and the doors wo n't close . The inside gets nasty quickly and it is a pain to take apart and clean.I have recently bought 2 large litter boxes with doors and am using sifting liners in them . They are much less messy and smelly and it takes very little time to sift/scoop the boxes each day .
 My two babies were so scared of this gigantic alien of a litter box . My little female held it so long that finally she peed on a backpack on the floor . The male cat used it once or twice but would rather pee on a couch or clothing than in the box . To return it , I had to call customer service 3 times to get the return number . Then I paid $ 93 regular shipping to send it back . They have a $ 60 deal with Fedex . Why would you have a return rate set up with Fedex if you did n't get a ton of returns . I learned a $ 90 lesson . thanks for nothing Litter robot !
 Ca n't wait to deal with customer service , they sound horrible ... Sensor never worked , cats took some time to start using it . Even starting it manually though , it was great for a month there ...
 I 've been using the Littler Robot Eco Edition for about a week . Let me say that first off the notion that your house will smell better is rubbish . This thing stinks like any other litter box . The waste is n't delivered into some hermetically sealed container where the smell does n't escape . It 's just a plastic bin.It also still requires work just like any other litter box . I take that back , not like any other litter box . You have to clean the dome , you have to clean the rubbish bin.Does this save you money ? I do n't think so . It uses electricity which a normal litter box does not use . It also still uses litter . And so far it seems to use more litter . Although my cats are still curious so they maybe contributing to the litter issue . It uses electricity.There 's also the potential for break down . And purchasing the replacement parts are going to be more than buying a new litter box.On the positive side I have n't had any mechanical/electronic issues . The thing does clean itself . But overall I can think of plenty of things that are a better value .
 I have owned a couple of Littermaids , but from the reviews this seemed like an even better option . And it seemed lovely at first . Then came the problems . -- It does not always cycle automatically . I have two cats , both weigh enough so that they should activate the cycling mechanism , but frequently I come home at the end of the day and find the box filled with dirty litter and it has not cycled , although it 's obvious both cats have used it . I am very careful to have the right amount and type of sand to balance the weight , but that has n't helped . -- The smell gets everywhere and is terrible unless you change the bag every day . The box is big enough so that it should in theory last several days , probably up to a week , but unlike the Littermaid , the smell is not contained and gets really bad quickly . -- The litter gets everywhere . You can buy an optional guard to prevent this , but the problem is so bad that it is absolutely necessary and should be automatically included . -- Although the noise when cycling is less than from the Littermaid , it takes forever . Which is very annoying at night when the extended noise actually wakes me up . Still , always happy to see that it IS cycling by itself occasionally ... -- Others have praised the customer service , my email to them , asking if they had a solution to some of those issues , went unanswered.My cats took to the box quickly , but because of the problem with cycling , and perhaps smell before I started changing the bag every day -LRB- which gets expensive as you need big bags -RRB- , they have for the first time in their seven years taken to doing their business elsewhere , which is intolerable.I regret buying this , as it is very expensive and has so many drawbacks .
 I was so excited to get this item after reading the other reviews . I was impressed when I did receive it , the quality is very good and it works great . I followed the directions exactly for getting my two cats used to this new box . However , ater two weeks of trying , they just refuse to use it and have found a corner to use instead ... uggghhhh !!!!! I think it is just to small inside and they are not overly large cats nor are they timid in any way . Lots of money for something that should be more accomadating . So , very disappointed that this did not work for me . I hope you consider my experience before buying one .
 Only one cat would use it , so we still have the old box out . A very expensive litter box to last only one year . We 've kept it clean and followed all the suggestions it comes with , which may have given it longer life . Contacted the company in hopes that they will honor their 18 month warranty .
 I purchased this because I had read some good reviews . My experience was horrible . We received it , put it together , and it NEVER ONCE worked . Customer service was very quick to respond with trouble-shooting tips , but none of them worked . Now we have to ship it back at our expense - and it is costing me an arm and a leg to ship back . Basically I spent a fortune to have something NEVER work ! I would have been better off never purchasing this in the first place . The company should pay for return shipping if the item never worked . It 's not like my cats ruined it - they never even got a chance to try it out . WASTE OF MONEY !
 I was enthralled with the litter robot when I first got it , but it is not without its problems . I am on my second one , and I am getting rid of it , going back to the regular scooping method . The basic design of the Litter Robot is genius , but I think they should develop the Litter Robot 2 , or the `` Litter Android '' or something.Firstly , if you have cats , you know that when they scratch around their litter box , some litter gets spilled on the floor . With the litter robot , you do n't have to worry about this , because it automatically spills litter all over the floor so your cats do n't have to worry about doing it . Every time it rotates , a small amount of litter gets spilled out of the opening . If you do n't clean this up everyday , it adds up , leading your cat to believe that it can go on the floor.Also , it does n't get stuck often but when it does , the lights start blinking , and there does n't seem to be anything you can do to get it going again . You have to lift the globe up , clean poo and litter out of the gears , and then hope it works . Sometimes it gets stuck when it is half way done rotating , and then it will sit there blinking until you fix it . If this happens while you are getting ready to go to work , its no small task to get it going again , and then you go to work smelling like litter . If your cat gets to it before you have a chance to fix it , he or she is going to go on the floor . If you are buying this so you can handle poo less , this is decidedly inconvenient . You need to have access to a hose to really clean this thing out . Unless you want to get in the tub with it and use the shower head , which sounds pretty gross to me.The biggest problem , and the main reason I am getting rid of mine is that my one of my cats is too big for the litter robot . He ca n't get in it and turn around inside it , so he sticks his rear end out of the opening and sometimes drops his poo on the little platform , or on the floor next to the box.If the people at Litter Robot are reading , you need to do the following to improve your product . Lengthen the opening into a short tunnel , so that the litter wo n't spill out all over the floor every time it rotates . Also , the globe itself needs to be a big bigger . Also my first litter robot failed in the following way
 I wanted to love the Litter Robot but my 3 cats refused to use it . We tried all the recommendations on the instructions and even called customer service and got some more recommendations . My cats would n't use it so we returned it . I loved the idea , it 's too bad my cats did n't !
 I had the problem of my cat not going all the way in and peeing down the outside front . This was smelly and a mess to clean up but I could live with it . What really upset me and turned me against this unit is that it only lasted 8 months . I bought a refurbished unit so there was no warranty after that long . For what this thing cost , even refurbished -LRB- $ 260.00 -RRB- , I expected years of service from it . I certainly would n't buy another refurbished unit and I am not willing to risk $ 300.00 for a new one . The rake type box I had before only cost around $ 100.00 and lasted 5 years . The rake box had to be cleaned more often but at least the cat did n't go on the outside of it . It also cost a third less and lasted more than 5 times longer .
 I bought one of these and it worked really well , doing what it said it would do for a short time . Then the sensor stopped working and the only way to get it to spin was to unplug it and plug it back in ... making it useless . Add to that that one of our cats refused to use it ... again making it useless . A huge waste of money . I suggest looking into the Tidy Cats Breeze Litter System . The most amazing litter box I 've ever used ... I would highly recommend it .
 Neither of my cats , who have used the Littermaid box most of their lives will transition use to this product . I need to get a refund on that guarantee they offer ... if I can figure out how to do that .
 This machine basically does what it says , unfortunately , it is very small . I have a medium sized cat and she can barely fit in it . She has recently been forgetting -LRB- ? -RRB- to turn around and is peeing right out onto the step . I think she may also be scared of the thing flipping around with her still in it . I had high hopes for the litter robot , but now I am upset I spent the $ 300 . Maybe your luck will be different .
 Too small for large cats . The cat will simply step in , refuse to turn around , and do his business outside the globe , all over the steps . Almost $ 400 down the drain . You 've been warned .
 Luckily , I got my Litter Robot II as a gift . It worked ok for about a year , then started having issues . Lights blinking , had to reset it a few times . Now , immediately out of the warranty , the blinking `` three lights of death '' have started . Yes , this does happen often enough that it 's got a name -- feel free to Google it.The globe will not turn at all . No sound from the motor . Nothing works ... Besides the three blinking lights , of course . Contacted customer service , and they have no idea what 's wrong , except to tell me I should buy a $ 50 circuit board from them . From most people I 've talked to , this will not help , and it 's most likely a burnt out motor . This would make sense , since nothing has ever leaked into the circuit board housing -LRB- I have the lip extender , and it 's always clean -RRB- . Guess what your options are ? As they do not sell the motor separately , you 're basically forced to buy a new base unit entirely , which will set you back another $ 229 ! Seriously ? Fantastic . So , now my LRII has been a lovely gigantic , overly-priced litter box that I 've had to scoop out manually ever since . BEWARE !
 I have two cats , and one of them is VERY picky about the cleanliness of the litter box - he basically wo n't poop in it if it 's not completely clean , and will just go on the floor right in front of it . We received a Litter Robot for Christmas and I was SO excited , hoping that it would fix this problem ! But our cats refused to use it . Number one , even though it is almost cumbersomely large , the actual area for the cat to go in is very small . One of our cats is larger than average , and he was afraid to go in there because it was too cramped with barely enough room for him to turn around . Second , it makes a fairly loud noise when it cleans itself . It 's not loud enough to bother the humans in the house , and it does wait about seven minutes after the cat exits to start cleaning itself , but as soon as the cats saw it going through its cleaning cycle , the noise terrified them . We tried using it for about a month , hoping they would get used to it , but they were still terrified . They would use it , but if they could find anywhere else to do their business , they would , which resulted in our clothes getting peed on a lot . I had n't seen any other reviews citing this problem , so I wanted to put this out there - some cats will be really scared of it and refuse to use it ! We switched back to our OmegaPaw . One of our cats still poops outside it , but at least our clothes , blankets , etc. do n't get peed on ...
 My cats are using it and I like the idea of it , but it has been maintenance - and cleanup-intensive . This is more like a pre-production Beta unit which has not been adequately refined and which requires a LOT of attention.I have experienced the following problem areas :1 -RRB- The sensitivity set point drifts . I 've adjusted sensitivity probably a dozen times to try to correct excess sensitivity while retaining the intended function . Each time I do this , it works fine for a while -LRB- like several days -RRB- , then the issue returns . Adjusting the sensitivity requires disassembly and then turning the base over .2 -RRB- A large quantity of Litter is scattered all around and even under the machine whenever it is used , requiring frequent cleanup .3 -RRB- Litter that goes through the holes in the step goes into the drawer , but not into the waste bag .4 -RRB- A lot of litter that lands on the step stays there instead of falling through . The step surface should be a grate instead of a plate with holes .5 -RRB- It is difficult to lock the `` Internal Guard '' open as required at times , because it is too flexible and the catch is too stiff .6 -RRB- All the waste material does not go into the drawer on the first rotation cycle . This can be a problem for me since my dog views such material as food . The whole purpose of this device is to remove this material .
 When I first got the product it worked like a dream ! Then I began to notice that it would not go through the cleaning cycles like it had when first put to use . Then the lights started to blink , then it would cycle only if you unplugged-plugged it back in and held the button down ... All this led to a non-functioning 299.00 litter box that is a pain in the tail to clean out -LRB- manually -RRB- . I have left messages for the `` Customer Service dept '' but no calls back . !! What really angers me is that I initially spoke so highly of the product two of my close friends purchased the same product . At this time I would recommend you not buy this product on-line , MAYBE at a local pet store etc that you can easily return it too if there are problems . I no longer have the GIGANTIC box the product came in nor the shipping papers so I do not see how I can possibly return the item . VERY VERY disappointed !!!!!!!!!!
 I was not aware that this item was plastic . It looks very nice in the photos but looks cheap in person . I will not use it as it is not what I had in mind for my pet 's cremains .
 I would n't call this an urn - it 's a temp . receptacle for ashes - they are plastic , not beautiful and very impersonal . You would n't want to put this out , and I doubt you would want to be put in a plastic container .
 Cheap looking plastic . Picture is deceiving . Could not lay my cat of 18 years in this . Had to reorder from somewhere else .
 We have had this device for over a week . On the ultrasonic setting can not tell whether or not it is working . Silent to us and the dogs continue to bark when someone comes to the door . On the audible setting now we have both the barking dogs and this hi pierced shrill when some one comes in the house . the dogs do n't bark as long but it goes off for the slightest of loud noises in the house . Next option is to try a shock collar but I think I will get resistance from my daughters
 While the idea behind this toy is kind of fun , the toy itself is a complete flop ! I could n't get it to fill up with water more than half way and my dogs had no interest in playing with a deflated , water logged ball . Bad product and complete waste of money .
 I bought this as I had discovered that it has patchouli oil listed in the ingredients . I 'd had a shampoo in the past that had patchouli oil in it and it was great to keep the doggie odors down as it left the scent on the dog for some time after bathing.Well , this shampoo was n't the one I had before as it leaves the dog smelling like a wet dog . Patchouli might be on the label , bit it is n't prominent in the shampoo . I 'll continue my search for the shampoo I had before , or at least one of the same quality . Unfortunately this one does n't fit the bill .
 I bought this bed as a Christmas present . The cats gave it a look , smelled it , and have n't been near it since . Because they ordinarily love new beds , I 'm guessing there 's `` something amiss '' in this product .
 Bought this product to address problem with turpentine odor in my studio.Sprayed the turp . rag thoroughly and the odor did not go away at all.Same smell , same headache .
 It is a nice tug toy but not for every dog . It does n't stand up aggressive play , it lasted 10 minutes with my amstaff
 I wish I loved and could recommend this scooper but it 's not practical for multiple droppings . -LRB- It 's also useless for soft stools . Sorry for the gross out . -RRB- I hope the seller will clarify this in his description . If you have time to hassle with the bag to pick up one mess , then you might find this tool to your liking . Otherwise , save yourself some money and the headache .
 For someone with back problems , this product is superior only to leaving the `` foos '' on the ground . I like the idea of using plastic grocery bags , BUT , this item is only effective on single ah , deposits - and on only the most manicured of lawns . The telescoping handles are intended to fold up for convenient travel . If only . In reality , as soon as you try to pick up a foo , the handles collapse and retract , leaving you stooped , uncomfortable and wondering why you do n't just have done with the ridiculous item and use your hand ! Not only are these problems a serious handicap for this item , it drops the little foos instead of collecting and bagging them tidily , causing you to clumsily keep scraping and scooping at the same pile . `` Never needs cleaning '' is a fabulous sales pitch but this product needs some re-design .
 Not what I expected . This scooper is somewhat cumbersome . Need two hands to operate . I do n't like it . I have another one that is much simpler to use -LRB- one hand -RRB- and easier to empyt -LRB- just remove and dispose of the bag .
 I understand Nylabone says this is not a `` Chew Toy '' however just with our dog retrieving the product it was almost completely destroyed within a day . You 're better off just buying a cheap frisbee at a toy store . Also the clear design makes the product very difficult to locate . I would not recommend this product .
 disappointing . our Sharpei mix loved it but found it the easiest thing in the world to chew into pieces ... had hoped it was more durable .
 My black lab tore this up within the first hour of play . It is not durable , just slightly more durable than a regular plastic frisbee . You will waste your money if your dog is hard on toys ! Another down side to this frisbee is the color , it is a translucent white , making it kind of difficult to find if you throw it far . The Kong one lasted at our house for several months and it is approximately the same price .
 While this is more durable than a regular frisbee , it did n't take more than a few minutes for my Doberman to chew a hole through it . To be fair I have n't found anything she ca n't ruin . I 'm in need of a new frisbee again and will be trying something else .
 I wish they made these frisbees like they used too . This one is to rubbery .
 I purchased this toy with hopes that my dogs would love to play with it . Maybe we could toss it around and catch it . I later found out it is not a toy to leave with the `` chewing '' dog . My 100 pound lab/pit bull mix tore off pieces of it . I retrieved the pieces and the frisbee to sit it aside . It is not a toy that can be left around for those dogs with an urge to chew ! It might work for one who likes to play frisbee .
 Win some lose some . . That is the bottom line when it comes to on line shopping . This thing probably cost around 50 cents to make and I paid $ 13 or so for it ...
 I was happy with the Nylabone Flexible Frisbee for about the first two hours of play with my Lab/Pitt mix Jerry . It 's very light weight and soft , which makes it safer for Jerry to catch , but because of this it does not fly very far or well . I would not recommend this Frisbee to anyone that has an aggressive player , as it was easy for Jerry to puncture within the first couple of hours of play .
 Sadly , this did n't work for my stubborn Persian cat . I 'll have to look around for more ways to fix the problem !
 My cat had no more interest in this litter than any other litter . I would not purchase this product again . Too expensive !!!!
 I would not recommend ordering this item from amazon . The bag came with a large hole in it , and there was litter all over the inside of the box.I have an old cat who seems to choose to not use the litter box about 20 % of the time . She instead chooses the bathtub , closet , etc. . We changed to this litter and an uncovered litterbox . There has been some improvement , possibly from the switch to an uncovered box , but this litter has certainly not fixed the problem or been a quick fix . The switch to this litter simply has not prevented our cat from using other places around the apartment to relieve herself.It scoops well , but so do litters that cost half as much -LRB- or less -RRB- .
 I ordered this product because my vet said it should work . It was my sisters cat and she would not use the litter box . We used the whole bag in a weeks time and the cat still would not use the litter box . I should have ask for a refund , but I lost the receipt . For what it cost , do n't bother !
 Tried cat attract and awoke this morning to find cat litter and feces all over 3 rooms . The cats must have thought it was cat nip because they threw this stuff everywhere !!! I am not exaggerating . This was a nightmare and when I called the company , the only redress they would provide is refund if I provide the receipt . I expect to be reimbursed for having to sterilize my floors.Please do not buy this product unless you have your cat -LRB- s -RRB- confined to a small enclosed space.Just a nightmare .
 I bought this litter because it was 99 % dust free , as our kitten has chronic nose issues . And it is pretty dust free ... however , odor control is its shortfall . We clean our cat boxes -LRB- have 2 -RRB- very regularly . I 'm Mrs. Clean . But the odor has permeated the litter itself after several days -LRB- it is Tues. and the litter was NEW , in a FRESHLY CLEANED & sun dried litter pan , on Sun. , just 2 days ago -RRB- . The box smells . The clumping action is ok , but not good enough as there are small bits of litter that are soiled -LRB- dark in color now -RRB- and scattered throughout the box . The only way to get each 2-grain sized particle , is to use the side tip of the scooper and spend about an hour at that task . It 's impossible . And the box is clean as far as cat lumps . As soon as you go into the laundry room you can now smell litter box . I had switched to this brand from Fresh Step , which is to me the best litter in the world for odor control and clumpability , better than Tidy Cat which also had a clumping problem and odor started not long after due to soiled grains of litter . Fresh Step had absolutely NO odor with six cats and I never dumped/washed the pan inside of a year as kept it very , very deep and would clean anything that soiled the sides . But the dust was a big problem . I will be dumping Cat Attract tonight & am going to try Nature 's Miracle next . By the way , this litter supposedly is formulated to attract cats to use the litter pan , that 's not why I bought it . So can not comment on that aspect .
 I bought this brand specifically for my daughter 's cat who has a real litterbox issue . Not only does the problem cat not use the box with this litter , the other cats will not use it either . It does have a money-back guarantee , but since I was n't particularly hopeful that it would cure this cat , I never considered pursuing that avenue .
 Seemed like this would work for me but it was not until after I opened it did I realize that it was not flushable . I am toilet training my cat so I only can use flushable litter . This should have been a part of the product discription .
 I thought this would help me but I now think I just have a crazy cat !! She plays in it and gets it everywhere !!! Tried just adding some to her regular litter and the same thing ... she plays in it spreads it everywhere and still goes in other places ... smh ... got ta try something else .
 We have the embarrassing problem of one of our two cats urinating outside the litter box . I purchased this product on the recommendation of the vet . The cats seem no more or less attracted to it than our old litter . Our problem cat continues to urinate outside the litter box when stressed .
 I tried this litter in 3 different types of litter boxes : Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Large , Green and Beige , an automatic self cleaning boxPetsafe Simply Clean Continuous-Clean Litter Box , and a standard open flat pan litter box . Clumping is only mediocre , it smells , and it is HEAVY . Gummed up the Petsafe mechanism , stayed too wet in the standard flat box , and did n't hold the clumps very well in the Omega Paw box . I much preferArm and Hammer Super Scoop Clumping Unscented Cat Litterbecause the clumps dry faster , it 's much lighter in weight , and is n't sticky or stinky . I wo n't be buying this one again .
 while it might have helped a bit with some bad potty behaviors ... the dusty nature of this product makes it not worth the hassle.it becomes airborne as soon as you pour it ... simply , a mess !
 I have several sporns for other dogs -- and even the one with the front net for THIS dog . But this ` small ' regular sporn has a collar FAR too small for my pug and it 's useless for her . I will simply donate it to a shelter -LRB- the shipping would be almost more than the cost of the halter -RRB- . But I 'm getting a bit cranky about things that are not fully described . These descriptions need MEASUREMENTS . Like the collar is X-inches long ! In this case &#34; weight &#34; does not help -- the collar is far far too small to go around her neck and there is almost no leeway to adjust it at all.I love the sporn concept , and I hate to leave a crummy review -- but even the picture is misleading -- on a standard poodle the width of the collar would be appropriate . But on a small dog it 's the SAME 1.25 &#34; wide collar as is used on the large and extra large so it 's way too wide on her neck as well as too short -- I should n't have believed the picture !!!
 Cockatiels are not interested in this one bit . Also , it slopes when attached and very little water can be put inside
 To start out , I 'll say that I 've used this bath with a number of different types of finches , and they ' v all used and enjoyed it . I just find it too much a pain to bother with anymore . I guess my other note is I only keep finches , so my experience may be slightly different than people with larger birds.To start in with my complaints though , the bath is just too tall . I 'm used to things that just hook on the side and and hang down , which makes them take up less space . I 'm not sure what the purpose of the pillar it sits on is other than aesthetics , but when combined with the additional height of the base , I 've always had to spend a lot of more time than usual planning where I was going to place this bath . There has been more than one time where I 've taken the time to screw on the base only to realize that the bath is now too close to something like the top or a door , or that I just ca n't bend my wrist that way to get the bath settled into it 's base.Speaking of which , I 'm not sure why they went with such a complicated mechanism for hooking into the base . With it , you have to get two ovals lined up right to put it down , and then twist to lock it , and then just the opposite to get it out . Some larger birds might need something like that , but for something that advertises itself for small and medium birds , something that just hooks on the side and uses gravity is usually enough , particularly if it 's full of water ! I 've spilled a lot of water futzing with this thing to get it back in place in the morning after filling it up , and it takes too long to get out . I guess somewhat comically , I also had one bird sitter who could n't figure the thing out at all , and just left the empty dish in there the entire time.The other problem with this locking mechanism is that if you fill up the bath and want to put it down on the counter while you fill up some other bowls , you 're out of luck . Or maybe you want to put it down and open the cage door , and you 're still out of luck . It has that oval sticking out of it 's base and it 'll tip right over if you put it down of a flat surface . I 've taken to just placing it on top of another dish , but that 's still led to things tipping over and more spilled water.It 's also just too shallow . With the four that I have in the cage together , the last one to go for a bath is always out of luck , since the others have already sprayed all the water out . If it was just a little deeper I could get some more water in . I also might not be spilling quite as much every morning.So overall , my finches like it , but it has no other redeeming features as far as I 'm concerned . These are minor hassles , some of which could be solved by just bringing in a extra glass of water with me every day just to fill this bath after I 've gotten it back into the cage after cleaning it , but altogether it 's too much to bother with everyday when there are simpler things out there that do the same job .
 I had no trouble assembling this perch , and using the velcro to attach it to the windowsill was fine for my lightweight cats . I was looking forward to offering them a heated perch to rest on while they watched birds in winter , since it gets so cold near the windows.Unfortunately the heating element creates a barely noticeable warmth , and it ca n't be increased . My cats would rather rest in laundry fresh from the dryer . They still enjoy using the perch to look out the window , but I take it down if i think it 's too cold out so my older cat wo n't get chilled .
 I just got this today , and we 're returning it . We bought one about 10 years ago , for about $ 20 , which we still have , and the cats love it , so we were going to get another for a different room . One of the reasons we still have it is because it 's so well made . It 's a solid piece of wood with foam and faux fur covering . We 've since replaced the faux fur , but that 's only because of 10 years of sun wear.This , however , is not wood , but plastic , and not a solid platform of plastic at that . It 's that kind of plastic that is sort of like a grate , then it has some foam with egg carton dimples , and the faux fur covering . It looks very cheap , compared to what I have.For one thing , if you want to put it on with the velcro , it 's odd because there 's only one small strip on the bottom of it where you can put the velcro , and that space is so close to the edge that you would n't be able to fully put the elastic faux fur on it as it 's suppose to fit properly . With the wood -LRB- or a solid surface -RRB- you can adjust where the velcro should go according to your window , and according to how the fur fits . There is an option to screw it in , but that 's not an option for us.It looks nice in the picture , but it 's so much cheaper than I expected for what I paid . As crazy as my younger cat gets jumping up and down on it , I would n't trust this for that . I think we may just buy the materials and build one ourselves . Disappointed though , I was looking forward to giving this to my kitties tonight .
 I purchased the K&H MFG Kitty Sill through an online store . When it arrived , I was surprised by the poor quality of the sill . It is made of plastic and a flimsy plastic that is just a frame and not even solid . I installed it using the velcro and allowed the velcro glue to set for 24 hours as per the instructions . Within 4 days of use by my cats , the Kitty Sill came crashing down with my cat on it . Thankfully , my cat was uninjured . I contacted K&H Mfg and their first reply was that I did not install it correctly . When I said that I followed the instructions , their second reply was that I should go purchase more velcro and try again . If you do n't mind paying for a cheap sill that may endanger you cat 's life then this is the kitty sill for you , otherwise avoid it like the plaque !
 I just returned this window perch today . I had the same experience as the other person that reviewed it . The pad for the cats to sit on is very nice but I could n't get the legs to stay on it . They would fall off with the slightest pressure on the pad !
 The only thing wrong with this product is the velcro is not strong enough to hold the unit on the window sill for more than a day or 2 . My cats are the normal 12 to 14 pound variety and they like the padded and heated rest by the window . But I have to figure out a way to beef up the velcro in order to hold on to the sill .
 First , I want to be sure to say that the seller was wonderful . I got the perch a lot sooner than I thought I would , and the experience was positive.On to the product . Unfortunately , I 'm not so happy with this , especially considering the price . The legs would fall off the bottom of the perch , and I finally had to use wire to hold them in place . Then , the velcro meant to hold the perch on our sill -LRB- Which is marble , so no screws allowed -RRB- came loose , and the whole thing went tumbling down , kitty and all . She was not amused . Finally , we just put a chair next to the window and used it to balance the perch more firmly . My husband 's handy with tools , so we 're going to make our own support brackets.Now , you may ask , `` Why are you keeping the darn thing when it wo n't stay put and you have to go to a lot of effort to keep it from dropping your cat ? '' Number one , I 'm too lazy to do a return . Number two - and this is the better reason - the heating element works , and it works really well . The cat loves it , and will still use it even after it sent her plummeting to the ground . I 'd almost buy just the heating pad and make my own darn perch , really .
 Had to take it down as soon as the cat climbed onto it -- he did n't even jump on it , just walked onto it from the sill . As soon as he sat down , I could hear the velcro making that ripping sound -- cat was n't even wiggling around . I 'd let the tape `` cure '' for 48 hours and all that . I do n't want to put holes in the oak windowframes either -LRB- plus , I think I 'd have to buy washers so the screws do n't rip through the plastic , and would have to install some sort of padding on the legs since they seemed to slip around on the wall too much -RRB- . Yea , about the legs , they do n't really support anything . The cat is a large 15 pound siamese , calm as can be , and I decided to remove him before the shelf fell down with him on it . Upon removing the shelf , the paint came up on the vecro strips -LRB- could n't unhook the velcro from itself -RRB- . I do not recommend this product .
 The velcro attachments were way too small , not strong enough to keep sill attached - in fact , I came home to find a very unhappy cat and discovered the kitty sill on the floor . Also , the plastic legs are flimsy and kept coming out of the slots in the sill . I have had a better kitty sill before . Sorry I wasted the money on this one .
 I would give this item half a star if I could.Item arrived today and while all the parts were in the box , legs of it are not fitting into the tray.One leg was constantly falling out and not even staying in place.returning this item today , would not reccomend this item to anyone , as it may damage your cat-it really is not `` the sturdiest cat sill on the market '' as the box claims .
 I ordered this perch and it came w / a leg missing and no heater . After I ordered it I stumbled upon a review saying how they could n't get the legs to stay in place - so when I received it and I tried to attach the one leg I had , I found that it would n't attach properly at all ! I sent it back and received a full refund . I am purchasing a second CatNapper kitty hammock instead . I have had one of those for 6 yrs now and my two 12-13 lb cats can both sleep in it and they even fight over it sometimes !!
 I got this product , very skeptical because I have a 15 lb cat , and a smaller 10 lb cat . As I read all the good reviews of other customers saying how it held their 15-20 lb cats , I figured I 'd give it a try . My cats loved it for the first 5 or so days , then , just as I thought , it started falling ! I do believe however , it MAY have to do with my window sills being so small , even though the product description says it would fit on any sill . I am going to try to use the screws it came with , hopefully my cats will not be too fearful to try to get on it again . -LRB- I also bought at the same time a K&H Kitty Sill Deluxe Bloster Cat Bed , hoping 1 would prove me wrong and just hold with the velcro , but about 2 days later , that one as well , on the floor . -RRB-
 this item requires you to purchase double back velcro tape and tape the kitty bed to your windowsill ! Not only will you damage your windowsills by putting TAPE on them , but if you have a heavy cat , the other side of the velcro tape is sure to come off and send your kitty to the floor when he tries to jump onto the bed . Do not buy this product as it is cheaply put together . While the faux wool bedding is nice and comfy , the handles on the bottom do not set well against the wall and there is no easy place to put velcro tape on the bottom of the bed.We bought ours and once we saw how it is to be installed , it went into our `` donation '' pile . Try to find a kitty bed that has hooks -LRB- not velcro -RRB- which will hold the top of the bed to the windowsill frame .
 This is a nice cat window seat , larger than most , I would 've liked keeping it . However , we were unable to place the 2 supports into the slots as required , no matter how we tried . And , even if we would 've screwed it into the window sill , it still would n't have been supported against the wall . So it was returned.The return and refund of cost & shipping were promptly & satisfactorily processed by a concerned distributor/dealer .
 Very Poor Quality - leg keeps falling off . Amazon was great and sent a new one , same problem . Cheap plastic that breaks when trying to get legs to stay on , legs fall off continually ... save your time , exchanges and returns will not solve poor quality in manufacturing and defective design issues ... ah , by the way kitten weighs 4.2 lbs so we are not talking about fat cats or excess weight , I can not imagine a full grown cat on this since a kitten causes leg to fall off constantly ! left leg on both units so it is a design issue -LRB- leg holes are probably not lined up properly causing right side to lean against wall but not left side and neither side locks into place to begin with -RRB- ...
 If u worry about your cat hurting a leg or hip or if your kitties are older , do not buy this !!!!! It requires a cat who can really jump . I 'd say this is for young cats or kittens and heaven forbid you do n't attach it securely and contrary to another review , it is not easy to attach . U also have to think about weight of your cat because jumping requires landing which can pull it loose . My siamese are also `` sprawlers '' and nap stretched out alot . I gave it away because they fell off . I do n't understand why people do n't watch their cats after a snooze . They do n't awake and just go . They get up slowly and streeeeetch and are taken by surprize when that stretch lands them on the floor . If your cat is a lightweight , curls up , and takes time to look around , OK but if they are are fast ... watch it .
 The company that manufactures this claims it is the sturdiest cat perch on the market - it is not . My other cat perch with a wood base and swivel support bracket that locks in tight is much better . The only reason I got this one because I wanted my two cats to have a Christmas present and they needed one with more area for laying down due to their large size -LRB- one cat weighs 12 lbs . and the other 15 lbs -RRB- . I doubt that Velcro would hold this in place . I used the screws to fasten it to the window . The brackets are attractive , but unfortunately they do n't stay in place ; they have fallen down repeatedly . I have tried placing them in the different slots and had the brackets in the slot nearest the window side wall and still they wo n't stay in place . I even added rubber bumpers as recommended , still with the same disastrous result . One of my cats went on the perch once and wo n't go back because the brackets came crashing down when she jumped on it or was on it.I have taken the brackets off and placed a planter stand under the perch for support , but now I do n't have the plant stand to use for the plant . I am an inventor and I can think of better way to make this work -LRB- company should contact me if they need help with this -RRB- , but first off the engineers should have made sure that the brackets `` locks '' into place once it 's inserted in the grooves . This could have been accomplished by adding a lip at the end of the bracket to avoid slippage.The frame itself is plastic and all I can figure is they were trying to not make the perch be more heavy , after all , if it was heavy and the heavier cats was on it as well , it would surely come crashing down !
 I thought I was getting a secure cat window sill . I have marble window sills so I ca n't nail anything in . I used the velcro but it did n't hold up the brackets are not secure at all I am very unhappy with purchase . The sill actually fell . I will never use it again waste of money .
 I so wanted this to work , but it is poorly designed and cheaply made . The plastic supports will not stay on no matter what I did .
 I purchased this kitty sill less than a week ago , put it up in the window as per manufacturer instructions and kept my cats off of it until the 24 hours had passed after installation . The second time my male ragdoll jumped on it the plastic legs snapped and it came out of the windowsill . Massive waste of money !!!!!!
 This product came in it 's box , with the order summary taped to it . Nothing else . So the box was torn on the edges and rather dirty.It came with two sticks of velcro and 3 screws , with a tiny piece of paper with no visual instructions.This item destroyed my window sill , tore off a good chunk of whatever my walls are made off . If you do n't have wood window sills , do n't buy this !
 What they 're trying to sell you is a cheap , plastic frame with curvy , plastic legs . They provide a thin piece of convoluted foam and a chintzy , faux sheepskin elasticized cover . According to the directions the vertical supports are supposed to snap into the underside of the milk crate style frame except the supports wo n't stay in place ! Each time I tried to raise the outfit up to the windowsill one or the other , or both , of the supports would fall off and on to the floor ! I even got a rubber mallet to make certain the supports were in position but even that did n't help . And how are you suppose to fasten this kitty sill to the window ? The manufacturer generously provides a three inch long piece of VELCRO , or you can use the two , stubby screws but whichever method you choose the elasticized cover wo n't cinch in place like the pretty photo on the box!How could a 3 '' piece of Velcro possibly keep this kitty sill in place when a Maine Coon Cat decides to launch herself off of it - especially when the legs do n't even stay put ?! This item really deserves 0 -LRB- zero -RRB- stars . SAVE YOURSELF THE AGGRAVATION AND AVOID THIS ITEM !!
 The concept is great - but it is a crappy product and a waste of money . It is completely unstable and while the stick on velcro is very strong -LRB- and it 's still on the wall - it wo n't come off -RRB- , the dynamics of the sill does n't make it possible for a cat to lie or even sit down on it . My cats are of medium size and when one of the stepped on it - not jumped - the whole thing came crashing down . When my husband and I tried to secure it on , we failed miserably.If you love your cat , stay away from this one .
 The legs do not attach as the instructions state . It was a waste of my money . I would not purchase again
 I gave this toy to my dog and it was ripped along the seam within 10 minutes . She 's not even a strong chewer ! The `` moose '' sound is also incredibly annoying . I 'd save your money and buy something cheaper .
 I purchased this at either Petco or PetSmart -LRB- do n't remember -RRB- . My Chinchillas absolutely would not eat it for some reason . They literally would not eat for days rather than eat this . That is not to say it is bad , it 's just that our Chinchillas really , really do n't like it.We then purchased Sunscription 's Vita Prima Chinchilla Formula which they seem to like . I think we need to go back to the food the breeder sold to us , although the Sunscription seems to agree with them . They sure love playing with their food -LRB- they would n't even play with Oxbow food -RRB- and dumping it over the bottom of the cage below the feeder . : - -RRB-
 I have used Pet Kiss Plaque & Tartar Control for a year in my cat 's water . He eats canned food only and I noticed would drink very little water or none at all . Since he was eating canned food I assumed he was getting enough water through his food.Recently , he had a lower urinary tract infection . At the same time , I also ran out of the Pet Kiss Plaque & Tartar Control . Our vet said it was very important that he drink water . I did notice that he was drinking a lot of water since the Pet Kiss Plaque & Tartar Control was not added.When my order arrived for the Pet Kiss I put it in his water . He would not drink his water . As time went on he would only drink from the dish that did not have Pet Kiss added.Even though it is suppose to be tasteless and odorless , my cat does not like this product added to his water . I have tasted the water with Pet Kiss added , and it does have an odd taste.I really can not rate it as to its effectiveness for tartar control.This item was purchased from KV Pet Supply through Amazon . Shipping was fast .
 Too bad , he is a 2 year old Italian Greyhound Miniature Pinscher mix with beautiful teeth that I would like to keep nice . This additive had no smell or taste that I could detect , but he would not drink the water with this added , even if I added the smallest amount . This was with the water filtered through a Pur water filter . Oh well , he still has his CET chews and toothpaste which he likes .
 This cat flap is basically well constructed and seems durable . However , there was no effort in providing an air barrier between the inside / outside of the house . There is a substancial air gap around the flap which will let a LOT of air flow around the opening . Perhaps I was expecting too much , but my hope was to have an actual air barrier .
 The flap stays open just enough to let air in . Cold air . Forget their warranty . You have to pay to ship the thing back AND pay them $ 10 . Um , I do n't think so .
 I think this product is a wonderful idea . However , I had the smaller version for my dog and it only stayed put for about a month . The bottom portion came unscrewed and the paper with the information was lost . It is possible it loosened from her scratching or maybe I had a defective product . For the price though , it may be worth the risk .
 I tried for a few days to get the jellyfish to ` swim ' with the current and not get stuck at the top . The large jellyfish seemed to be the best swimmer , but even that one became sad and lifeless after just a couple rounds of swimming.It would get stuck somewhere in the rocks where there was n't enough current , or it would somehow end up hopelessly floating on top with the other two . And even when it did ` swim ' , its motion was sometimes jerky -LRB- and very unnatural ! -RRB- with the bursty -LRB- and noisy -RRB- water current.I would 've kept trying -LRB- like maybe poke holes in the jellyfish to see if that helped -RRB- , but part of the problem was that you have to open the tank to get to the jellyfish -LRB- to remove the trapped bubbles -RRB- , and that meant turning the whole unit off and back on each time.So I 'd get rid of the trapped bubbles -LRB- either by shaking the jellyfish underwater or taking it out of the water -RRB- , and the jellyfish would nicely rest in the middle of the tank , ready to go . But then every time I 'd restart the pump , the initial burst of water would gush out with bubbles that would often float - right back - into the jellyfish ! ugh.Sad to say , this toy is a dud . They need to go back to the drawing board on this one .
 junk !! I am so suprised that National Geographic would endorse this useless contraption . After we set it up and realized after several days of futile attempts to get the jellyfish to work as purchased ... the air pump died also !! What a waste of money and a shame for my disappointed child as this was one of his `` big '' gifts this year .
 I am VERY disappointed in this toy . I bought one for my son for Christmas from Santa Claus , and we set it up , and it does not work . The jellyfish just float at the top and do not move at all . It was a BIG waste of money . Do n't waste yours on it ! This product should get NO stars , but the review site made me at least enter one star for each category just to get the review posted .
 Why oh why did we not listen to the reviews before purchasing this for our son ???!!! Jellyfishes DO NOT FLOAT ! Directions say you have to clear bubbles out of the jellys but when you turn it on , bubbles automatically come out from the bottom to make them `` swim '' . So you have bubbles to beat off them again . Not to mention that you have to turn it off & unplug the thing to take the top off!I called the company who suggested using dish detergent in the water ! The last I checked , dish detergent created bubbles ... the one thing the manual said to get rid of ! On top of that , they would not talk further about giving us our money back ! They believe that this is enough to solve the problem and that they would not give out refunds for this product !!!
 DO NOT BUY THIS `` TOY '' !! We 're pretty savvy in our household , and set this up correctly . The above reiviewer is right - the jellyfish floated at the top , looking dead ! Which is exactly what my five year old suggested must be wrong ! I only rated it with one starr because .000001 star is not an option . I hate that toys like this are sold - it 's disappointing for everyone . Hope you save yourself the aggravation and find another educational toy that 's lots of fun .
 Even with the soap trick , which will work for a few minutes , the jellyfish get trapped in the corner . What a piece of junk !
 I bought this jellyfish tank for my son , who is fascinated by them . Well , it took a few days to finally get the jellyfish to `` swim '' , then after a few days of my son enjoying his tank , the pump no longer works . He still asks me everyday why it is n't working . I think the motor is too close to the water line and maybe water got in there and burnt it out . Do n't waste your money ! And if you are thinking of buying this for a child , DO N'T ! Their disappointment outweighs their excitement !
 I can not rate this product since my cat would not drink the water . I followed the directions of water to solution , and even tried diluting it even more so . This product is advertised to be tasteless and odorless , but there is SOMETHING about this additive my kitty turns her nose up at ! I 'm glad I did n't buy the gallon size !
 Buy at your own choice but I would recommend consulting with your vet before making the purchase . My vet told me that this product has not been proved to be effective .
 This product did not seem to do anything at all . We have 2 Siberian Huskies and this product did not work as well as another product we were using and could not get . In fairness , the product we were using before has been reformulated and now does not seem to work any better than this one . Our vet said that these products do not work with all animals equally so I would say to purchase the smallest bottle available and just give it a try . If it works for you , this seems to be the most cost effecive brand I coud find online .
 this is so unstable i would n't buy it again . i have a screw that is bent and i do n't feel like paying for it to be sent back so i will keep it and use the bowls or donate it to a pet refuge . if you have it low its fine but i have two large dogs and they will tip it over easy . i do not recommend this unless you have a dog under 30 pounds . mine are 60 .
 This bowl set did not work well for our dog . The bowls are definitely big enough , but they are n't very stable in the stand . I like our four leg adjustable bowl set better -LRB- even though the bowls are smaller -RRB- .
 If you have a really big dog with a big head this bowl may be just right . However , we bought this bowl to provide our medium size dog with the ability to get a drink of water where there might not be other water sources around while we are hiking or out and about . The bowl is HUGE which meant that just to get a 1/2 inch of water in the bottom of the bowl for our dog to get a drink seemed like it would require a whole quart . Probably not , but it seemed that way . We bought a less expensive bowl which was much smaller and is perfect . Hope this helps .
 I purchased several of these water bowls for when I travel with my dog . Unfortunately , the walls collapse causing water to go everywhere . Not a good design .
 the outfit does not fit my dog like in the picture , and the pom poms came apart there was stips of it all over
 I have used Bi-Odor with my ferrets since the beginning . I live out in the country and the closest store that carries it is seventy miles away and with gas prices being what they are , I decided to order it online . Mistake . What I received is something called `` Goodbye Odor . '' It claims to do everything Bi-Odor does and since it is apparently also made by Marshall , I decided to use it . It has been about two weeks , now , I think . And my ferrets stink.I will NOT be ordering from this seller again . I 'd sooner spend twice the price to drive to the city and back . At least then I 'd get the product I want , the product that works !
 Bought this item 18 months ago and have had no problems . Started having issues , spent 10 bucks to send it back , they sent the same one back saying it works fine and I have other problems with my amperage . Had purchased another brand controller and setup seems to be working flawlessly again !!! The units work great when operating right but their customer service has the last word .
 I had the idea that this could be hooked up into my solenoid to deactivate the solenoid when the ph gets below a range I have set . Nope ! The damn thing just sits in the water and reads your ph. It is a waste . You 're better off getting a drop checker . Not to mention the yellow ph probe is an eyesore.Also , you are given step by step calibration directions to ensure that the readings are correct . They have you calibrate it at a ph of 7 and a ph of 4 . They give you a ph of 7 solution to calibrate with ... but they do n't give you a ph solution of 4 to calibrate with . What garbage !!! I have purchased other products from Milwaukee before ... but this was horrible .
 The bad news
 despite a current &#34; sell by &#34; date this product arrived stale and dry . i will only purchase it in the store from now on where i can inspect it better .
 We 've owned this attractively decorated -LRB- yes , I 'll give it that -RRB- dog bed for about 9 months . After about a month , it had already lost it 's shape . The bolster in the back slumps forward , which basically makes it look funny , and more importantly it does n't function very well anymore . The &#34; sleeping &#34; area was reduced so dramatically , that we just started putting blanket over the top , so our dog could still use it . At first , I put a folded up dog blanket in the center area , which allowed her to sleep on that at the height of the flopped over back bolster , but eventually it was so flopped down , that the bed is practically flat . I regret buying this rather expensive dog bed , for such terrible performance .
 A professor of mine had a bed that looked similar to this , and my dog loved it ! So I thought it would be time to buy her a bed with the faux sheepskin that she could nestle around in.This is not faux sheepskin . The interior doesnt seem to be orthopedic either . The picture is not what you 'll receive . The top layer is a thin , pseudo-fuzzy material that collects tons of static electricity.The interior stuffing went flat within a few weeks of use . I had to restuff it myself so that it was n't completely flat . Now , my dog is n't that big , so I was amazed to see it flattened so fast . I got the larger bed for her , and she is only 35 pounds . So I would attribute the flatness to the cheap materials , and not just my dog.Its not worth the money to buy this one . There is far better that are actually as described . It only deserves one star since the dog occasionally sleeps on it .
 I was looking for a replacment to my Tetra Whisper -LRB- Tetra 77851 Whisper Air Pump , 10-Gallon -RRB- reading a review that this product -LRB- TOM Stellar Air Pump S-20 - 20gal -RRB- is the most quiet among the many the reviewer has experienced . By far , this pump vibrated on top of my tank despite putting a damper under its feet . The sound is just too annoying . I then tried a Rena -LRB- Rena 702A Model 50 Air Pump by Mars but they 're both so noisy I went back to ordering the Tetra Whisper . For the time and effort to return these 2 items , it was better for me to throw them out to garbage .
 Dead after having it for 6 days . What a complete joke . I do n't know how you can sell a product as poor as this .
 the air pump said its for 60 to 100 gal tank . . I tried to use it with my air bubble strip and it doesnt work at all ... too poor air not strong enough as described .
 I bought three of these together . None gave me more than 3-4 weeks use in daily 12-hour cycles . I 'm used to bulbs from a certain major company beginning with the letter Z lasting far longer . Guess I 'll go back to them .
 i have tried these but my dog doesnt favorite them , i still have the bag and bought him stuff he preffers over this one
 I found that these disposal pet diagpers did not fasten properly and did n't not stay on my 14 lb dog . I would not purchase them again .
 I agree with some of the other reviewers . This is not the original product . The color and smell is different . While my dog likes them , she became very sick after eating a couple of them and was a mess to clean up . She had eaten the original product for the past year with no problems . I will be seeking a refund as this is not the product I was expecting . Beware this product has changed .
 I ordered these because my dogs have had them before and liked them . The picture shows the mints as off white or light brown . The ones that I got were a darker brown and my dogs do n't like them . They smell awful . I was very disappointed and so were my dogs .
 These treats smell terrible , and in the name of science I gave one to the dogs ... and now they smell terrible too . Sort of like the anti-breath mint . Would never purchase , touch , or get near these things again .
 It says over 100 tasty little bones , my package had at least 20 . I demand a investigation !
 Neither our Toy Poodle or the Australian Shepherd will eat these . They smell like a vitamin . They are also brown . The expiration date says 12/2013 . I think they expired long ago . The whole room smells when you open the box . I requested a refund .
 I am not sure why these show on here that they are white . They are dark brown ?? I managed to get my dog to eat one once and after that he wo n't go anywhere near them and he is not picky when it comes to stuff like this . And one was left on our covered porch since he did n't eat it and the next day it looked like he had an accident ... all mushy brown ... YUK
 Being a Kong product I had high hopes and did n't pay enough attention to other reviews . My 8 month old puppy had the yellow fuzz off in no time but still enjoyed playing with it . I left her alone for awhile and came back to see it chewed to pieces . She managed to swallow a chunk of the rubber which caused gastric distress and a visit to the vet . A sleepless night with a sick dog and a $ 250 vet bill to make sure there was no blockage made this an expensive toy . If you buy this do not leave it with your dog unsupervised .
 This is the worst toy I have purchased . My 40lb Australian Shepard had all the yellow felt peeled off within minutes the squeeker came out shortly after . Waste off money .
 This toy lasted barely an hour . My dog peeled it like a grape and chewed a big hole in the end . If your dog is an agressive chewer I would not recommend this toy . Our dog is a 50lb jack russell / shepherd mix . She is an insane chewer . So far the only toy she has n't chewed up is the origional red kong and the West Paw Design Zogoflex Dog Toy Tux ; and not for lack of trying . We have tried almost every toy for agressive chewers and so far these are the only two toys that have held up . We have had them for nearly 6 months and they are still completely intact . I would definitely recommend them but not this .
 This product smells like tires and was made in China , not the US as advertised.Returning product .
 I understand that this is a dog toy and it will eventually get chewed up but completely disintegrated in a mere couple of hours ? I would have gave it a extra star if even the rubber bone underneath the tennis ball coating would have lasted but my medium sized dog annihilated this toy into pieces in a few hours . Your better of buying a bag of pig ears that would strangely end up lasting longer . This dog toy is a Fail !
 My 10 month old Boston Terrier/Pit Bull puppy tore it up.Day 1
 My dog was really excited about this toy , but bit through it within the first 10 minutes of playing with it . Now it does n't squeak or stay inflated . He 's not a big dog either , 20-lb chihuahua mix . Would not recommend this toy .
 The squeaker stopped working almost right away , and this is from a dog that is not a strong chewer . If your dog likes to squeak , do n't bother with this . As a regular chew toy it will probably last a while , but it is less firm than a regular tennis ball and may not hold up to a big chewer .
 Joy , oh joy ! My 2 year old Malamute was overcome with joy to get a new squeaky toy !!!! It brought happy tears to my eyes to watch him tip his head in curiosity and anticipation -- what 's in the bag Mom ? What 's that noise ? And it looks and feels like a tennis ball !!!! He bounded around happily squeaking his new toy . We threw it around , he caught it on the bounce , squeaking it joyously ... until ... within 2 minutes ... mute ... sad , sad , sad and confused brown Malamute eyes . Where 's the squeak Mom ? He pauses and bites down -- whooshy toy ? Whooshy sound ? not so exciting ... . Ok . He 's really big and has huge wolf teeth . But really , 3 minutes?I 'm on a quest for a better squeaky toy .
 It only took 30 minutes for my 11 month old Jack Russell puppy to destroy this toy . I thought a Kong toy would have lasted longer .
 My English Cocker Spaniel took this apart in minutes . Not a good toy if your dog has a habit of taking soft toys apart .
 My Leonberger destroyed this Kong in about three minutes . The rubber Kongs are nearly indestructible , but these &#34; tennis ball types &#34; are not for big dogs .
 My dog destroyed this in minutes . The toys was fun while it lasted . Not meant for a dog that likes to chew .
 My dog loved this toy . Unfortunatley , it is not a toy for agressive chewers . It lasted all of about 45 minutes .
 My medium size border terrier who is a regular chewer played with this toy for about 5 minutes before it was all ripped apart . All KONG toys are typically high quality and durable , this is the first time I am disappointed with this brand .
 On the plus side , the dog instantly went crazy for this toy , and has been chasing it since she got it yesterday . She runs for it , then squeaks it a couple times , then brings it back for another toss . That is where the problem begins . The squeaker disappeared - it is just glued into one end , and suddenly it was no longer there . The dog began to chew to find the squeak , and started to remove the cover . The squeak is irresistible , but the toy is made like a tennis ball , and the cover can be easily chewed off . I do n't think that the dog is a hard chewer , but this toy certainly did not stand up . Disappointed .
 My pup loved it while it lasted , but I wish this was made of harder materiel . The squeaker was a little annoying but funny . This toy lasted about 2 hours and was torn apart , one of the balls was in 1/2 . Careful to watch your dog as this could become a choking hazard
 I ordered this and the Wubba Kong toys for my 6 month old Lab mix puppy . He had both ruined within 48 hours . What a waste of money .
 I purchased this Kong Dumbbell for my Alaskan Malamute . She loved it and licked it more that she chewed it that first day , but the next morning she had a seizure . This is the only time she has had a seizure , and it may not be related to this product , but I am curious if anyone else had a similar experience . The product is made in China , not the US as is stated in the description.I am going to try to have the product tested and I 'll update this post if I am successful .
 My catahoula loved this toy the most but destroyed it in a day . She played with it non-stop until it was in several pieces .
 I purchased two of these . One did not squeak upon arrival . I sent both back . I did not reorder . I also had the Kong Air Dog football coming from another supplier on Amazon . It arrived today and I squeezed it twice and threw it for the dogs in the front yard . We have two dachshunds . The third time I went to ` squeak ' and throw it-it did not squeak . Very , very disappointed . I was under the impression that KONG toys were durable .
 We threw this toy for my rottweiller , he only fetched and brought it back with squeeking it by biting when bringing back , the squeeker quit sqeeking within 20 minutes , the soft yellow fabric is starting to peel off . I would not buy another one of these
 I got this for my dachshunds they tore all the fuzzy yellow off on the first day ! Its a no go for dauchshunds !
 Great squeaker . After an hour our bull mastiff had torn off the cover . Nice hard tennis ball ends , but it has to last more than an hour .
 I will never buy another Kong toy like this or the squeaker balls again . Within minutes I was digging big chunks of the yellow fuzzy stuff out of the dog 's mouth . Same thing happened with the squeaky balls and with the ones attached to ropes , they chewed the ropes off both within 10 minutes . Complete waste of money for several toys . And I ca n't imagine that stuff is good for your dogs if you do n't catch them in time .
 Learned my lesson
 I opened the box handed to my dog a boxer/pitbull mix and he ate right threw it in a matter of minutes !! I had pieces everywhere . I was really hoping to find a squeaker that would last more than 10 minutes !!
 My 5 month old lab/border collie puppy loves squeaky toys . When she received it for Christmas she loved it so much that she destroyed it within hours of having it . The felt on the surface was totally peeled of and the squeaker was ruined very fast . The dumbell also broke off in little pieces and we had to take it away from her , fearing that she would swallow them . Your dog will love this toy , but it wo n't last very long .
 Our 4-month old pups were given the Squeaker tubular tennis toy . Within a week the squeaker was dead and one end was completely chewed off the toy -- the latter happened in the space of a couple of hours , it was fine one minute and later that day it was destroyed . I never found the squeaker and can only pray no intestinal problems develop from it . I have yet to find a toy that stands up to a teeething puppy . We have the rubber teething Kong for puppies and they do n't like it at all . We have the rubber teething stick -LRB- s -RRB- and small pieces get chewed off constantly . We have the `` heavy-duty '' black and red Kong tug-toy and in the first hour pieces of the black handle were all over the floor . As far as durability the best are the Kong rubber bones that can be stuffed . The dogs have a lot of trouble getting the stuffing treat out however
 My little poo-mix dog is not a heavy chewer -LRB- hardly even got the toy to squeak -RRB- , but after only a few hours she was able to chew off a side and I found the squeaker on the floor . I 'm just thankful that she did n't try to eat it or choke on it . We 've had other products from this company , and they were just fine . I would not recommend this one , though . We 're going to stick to the non-squeak toys from now on .
 Once the item arrived , I cut off the tags and gave it to my Husky immediately . The toy has a wonderful concept since my dog loves the squeaky sound , yet my husky tore it up within 15 minutes . For $ 7 , they toy should have lasted longer .
 I purchased the Air Kong Squeaker dumbbell for a friends small dog . The dog is only about 9 months old and weighs about 15 lbs . My friend indicated that 10 minutes after she gave him the toy he had chewed it up . The insides were hanging out etc. . . I had hope the toy would have lasted much longer then that , but unfortunately it did not . If you have a dog that is a chewer , this is not the toy for him or her .
 I purchased this at a store , not here on Amazon . -LRB- Nothing against Amazon -RRB- I have several different Kong toys for my mini Bull terrier , who is an extreme chewer . This toy was ripped apart in less then 2 hours . By day 2 , it was in a million pieces . Knowing he is an extreme chewer we do give him bones and such to chew . But whenever he gets a new toy it 's game on for this little pooch . So if your dog is a serious chewer then do n't waste your money . I thought this toy would hold up atleast a few weeks before he could rip it apart . I stick to Kong toys but for the extreme chewer toys . Which Amazon does offer . -LRB- The Kong ball is great fyi -RRB- Hope this helps : -RRB-
 My dogs still love this toy but , like many have stated , the squeaker broke and my yellow lab has managed to bite numerous holes though each end making it likely that I will be throwing it away soon to prevent him from choking .
 read all the reviews on this product , bought two for my goldens who love tennis balls and love to chew , litterally within 3 minutes they both had torn the covering and was eating it . waste of money , dangerous for dogs !
 Our dog loved this toy . Sadly it only lasted 6 days before the cover tore off one of the balls and the next day that part of the ball cracked and was easy to destroy . Disappointed pup and owner !
 Not at all durable as advertised - puppy tore apart immediately and this was just a waste of money &#128530;
 My labs had the tennis ball skin on this toy peeled off in the first day . Not the quality that I expected for an item that carried the Kong name .
 LOUD squeaker . . drives me nuts . . also my dogs chewed the green covering of the first day !! will i buy again ??? NOPE
 My Lab mix destroyed this toy in about 2 hours . Not for tough chewers . He did like it while it lasted .
 I bought this in X-Large for my 65 lb pitbull . It was WAY too small . After `` forcing '' it on , he was clearly uncomfortable and unable to walk correctly . The `` legs '' just ride up and get stuck near the dogs chest . When he is walking , you ca n't see any of the costume anyway , because it is all facing the ground . Bad pattern . Cheap material . I ca n't imagine this fitting any dog , regardless of size . Do n't waste your money .
 The harness I received was different from the picture . The harness was much thinner and less substantial than in the photo and had fewer `` buckles '' to adjust to your rabbit . Plus , it just came crumpled in a bag -LRB- no cardboard rabbit cutout -RRB- , and there was a plastic tag with nothing attached as if the tag had been cut . There was short printout of the text that was written online stuffed in the bag as well . Disappointing . Perhaps a different supplier would have provided the proper product .
 I bought these from Sam 's Club based on the reviews everywhere for my puppies . The fact they are larger then the Wee brand pet pads and had polymer in them like Natures Miracle which I love except for the price I tried them . I am totally disappointed and to tell you the truth I would never ever use these for a person they would be laying in thier own urine ! According to Dynarex 's website these do not have the polymer but I called since some stores are advertising them this way and the girl at the actualy company Dynarex assured me yes it does . I do n't see it , my 4lb puppy went and the whole pad was used up by one use ! The actual pad you use is not 23x24 but only 19x20 inches the rest is the blue useless sides.making them very small yet another disappointment . You need to use twice as many so the deal you think you are getting you are not as you need to use twice the amount . I used them for one day and just returned them , no you do not get the shipping you paid for them either so do n't order alot like I did thinking I was getting a great product ! I am now trying the Simple Right brand 23x36 that you can purchase in store to see how these work out .
 These pads are much too thin for in house use unless the puppy is very little . The edges did not keep the liquid contained .
 I love the design and look of this feeder . After receiving not one but TWO of these sets , -LRB- In case the first was an error -RRB- I am so very sad . The paw print design on the bowls and mat is not black , but a very distinct ROYAL BLUE . If you can use blue , then you will love it . I can not , so I will keep looking for an attractive elevated feeder . Of course the metal stand itself is black . The packaging it comes in states the product is black , but it is certainly NOT . The bowls were nice and heavy . I did not bother assembling the rack since the other items were the wrong color so I ca n't comment on how sturdy the rack is .
 So , I bought this because this was the cheapest one I found . I had a single betta to test it out , and everything went fine . Until the next morning he was over in the last compartment . He jumped over the two dividers , I was so mad because what if I had another male betta in the other compartments , my betta would have been dead . Then I decided that I would my betta out of the security house and put another one in his place . Somehow he lifted the bottom up and got out . So I had two male betta 's in one tank , so scary . I finally got him out with no fighting . I am returning this product and getting a refund . I am buying another one which looks more secure than this one .
 I bought this & removed the dividers so it was one large separate enclosure . I had my male betta in it with a tank full of females . He was happy enough while it stayed attached to the side of the tank -LRB- all of about 30 minutes -RRB- . After that , the suction cups came disconnected and females came in while he got out . Luckily I was right there or it could have had a very poor outcome for all the fish . Maybe if you can find a way to keep the suction cups attached it would be worth it . Otherwise , do n't waste your money .
 I 'm so mad , this is a poor product the plastic compartment does not sit properly against the aquarium glass so there are gaps . I press the suctions cups as hard as a i could to eliminate the gap but over time they loose their suction . Needless to it is easy for fishes to escape which is what happened to mine . I have a 55 gallon fish tank and wanted this so i can start a female Betta fish colony , i bought 4 all female Betta fishes and wanted to put them on the Betta house before letting them out to the tank . The first night two got out , one killed the other one , so i had three left , the second night two of them got out again and another one got killed so now i have two left ... I 'M SO MAD !!!!!!!! do n't get this product bottom line it would not hold your fish .
 I BOUGHT TWO AND WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY THEY DO N'T STICK TO THE SIDES AND EVEN FOR THE SHORT TIME THEY DO THE BETTAS CAN SLIDE OUT . NEVER AGAIN
 This product for $ 10 by amazon is very cheap . However when I received it , i could already tell there 'd be a problem with it . The side with the suction cups has no plastic wall . You 're depending on the aquarium glass , and faith that the device wont move , so that your bettas dont get out . I 've place four bettas in this and have had problems in the first week with bettas placed on the sides , getting out . Luckily none of the bettas escape all together , however raising cichlids , my bettas have been quite harassed when they 've gotten out of their home . It is a neat toy , and for its price I 'd rather keep it then deal with the shipping costs of returning the item .
 I 've seen these in stores before , and would never consider purchasing one , these are horrible and animal cruelty boxes in water . They wo n't stay clear and perfect like you may think anyway without constant cleaning because the betta is in such cramped quarters , its just relieving itself in the same spot constantly.Don ' t buy this !
 I purchased 3 of these bottles two separate times -LRB- for a total of six -RRB- . I raise feeder rats and I have 20 + water bottles of this size , different types . Within the first week of using these water bottles , the rats had chewed through the bottles -LRB- the bottles sit on top of wire mesh with tube through the wire -RRB- . I have not lost a single bottle prior to this from chewing . I am wondering if there is some odor , or something about these bottles that tempt the rats to chew on them . Actually , positioned the way that they are in the cages , they REALLY have to work to get to them to chew on . Although the price is good , these items were not a good bargain for me .
 We bought these and set them up on two of our mouse cages . When we noticed all of our boy mice were acting up in their cage with the water bottle , we realized something was up . We checked the other cage with our runt mouse and found it curled up in a ball on the brink of dieing of dehydration . We managed to save it ... I hope , it is currently in critical condition ... but if we 'd been so much as an hour later she would have died horribly.I can not emphasize this enough
 These water bottles used to last for several years , but recently we have gone through four of them quickly . After a month or two , they suddenly dump all their water -LRB- big leak -RRB- and need to be replaced . We also have one that rusted after 2 months . AVOID .
 my first one leaked . when i called the company , they said they would send me another one . they sent me only the bottle and no spout ! now i have 2 bottles that i can not use . i want ever rely on thear products !
 This crate is so flimsy that even with our puppy in it -LRB- he 's 8 wks old -RRB- when we pick it up by the handle it feels like the thing is going to just fall apart . The snaps that hold the crate together have come undone unexpectedly , though luckily not all at once . The food/water tray is bird sized and of no use . It is also listed as a medium sized crate but it is more like for a chihuahua . Medium sized dogs , like Eskies , would never fit in this crate and it certainly would n't hold their weight . Unfortunately I do n't have anything good to say about this crate 's quality . Certainly not worth what I paid for it here on Amazon .
 I ordered a Large Petmate Kennel Cab from Amazon . From the description and the picture , it looked like it would be perfect for my 7 lb dog . It looked solid and sturdy . However , it was just the opposite . To test it out , I put my dog into the Kennel Cab and tried to carry it by the handle . It was so weak and flimsy I had to hold it from the bottom just ike you would for a cardboard box . The price was way too high for such an inferior product . The product was a disappointment , however , returning the Kennel to Amazon for a full refund , was easy .
 this crate was tiny , and there was a tag on in with a picture of a cat ... . I got had ! this is not a crate for a dog , and it is not considered medium for a dog ... only for a CAT .
 the kennel was not anywhere near the quality of crate i have purchased in the past . feels flimsy and not as secure for mygirls .
 This is one of the worst items I 've ever purchased . It 's not sturdy at all . My cat would be safer in a cardboard box than this kennel . Do n't waste your money .
 How dare you sell a product that does not work ? Cheap ! not to serve . Petmate As a renowned brand deceives buyers . Do not waste your money ! Plastics of such poor quality that when you try to push the gray hooks to adjust the top to the bottom is simply impossible . Poorly finished . will attach photos to this comment . And ask My money back ...
 I bought these `` poop '' bags after reading Lee 's review . They are exactly OPPOSITE what he describes ! They are see through and very , very flimsy . I do NOT recommend these .
 Bought these for a couple of medium sized dogs . I could pick up their poop for a week in the same bag . It 's a terrible waste of plastic and they are n't even environmentally friendly.Product description says `` Refill bags fit any standard dispenser . '' , however I could only fit a single bag inside of my bags-on-board dispenser and that was squishing it into a little ball.If you have a horse , a great dane or a mastiff then you 'll love these . Otherwise stick with a smaller bag .
 Nice collar but red color stained neck of my dog pink as he is white around the neck . Metal ring is too narrow therefore not easy to clip leash on and off . I save this collar for special occasion , not for daily walking .
 The mouthwash was a very unpleasant item to use for cats . It is advertised for cats , but its stickiness is so repugnant for cats that they yak and run away.If any of it gets into their fur , its impossible to get out because of the stickiness . It ends up a disgusting unpleasant mess . The cat looks like seagull from the gulf with all its feathers sticking up . He ca n't wash it out , bec its like Elmer 's glue has hardened in his fur . I would suggest that it needs another way of applying the mouthwash than spraying it in the mouth with just an opening in the top of the bottle and squeezing it . Barely any gets in the cat 's mouth and that he hates so much he spits out.I did contact the seller but they did not entertain my complaint and told me to see my vet about my cat 's reaction . -LRB- He had recently been to the vet and has no problems , but does need his teeth kept clean -RRB- - olo
 Good news , bad news.The good news
 The price was right - right for a birdhouse with a cracked roof . The birdhouse was shipped with a staple holding the roof together over the crack . You get what you pay for and this was very cheap .
 Although this birdhouse was inexpensive , it should not be advertised as a wren house . The entry hole is too big . A wren does n't have a chance as the sparrows will definitely take residence first .
 because of the vents on either side , the wind just blows right through . I think because of this no birds made a nest here . this was an amazon purchase .
 I was very disappointed in this bird house . The specs on this bird house stated 14 inches and that was what I was expecting , well ... that was including the length of the rope !! I believe that was just a BIT misleading !! Also , inside the house the wood grain had two very bad places in it where there was wood missing from it . Also in the roof where they had stapled it together , the wood had split.It was packaged very poorly and had either bounced around quite a bit and been damaged that way or was damaged by the stapler.Very disappointing purchase.Especially since it was to be a Christmas gift for my mom and it was late getting here and we were going to her house that night for Christmas , I had no choice but to take it anyway and tell her that I would try and get it replaced.SAD , but true ...
 I just opened the box and it is broken . Ok that happens BUT on closer inspection , it looks like it was already broken and stapled back together with about eight small staples . The wood is so splintered it can not even be glued .
 Very disappointed . One side of the roof has a giant flaw that runs the entire length of the wood . Instead of discarding the piece , they put staples along the flaw on the outside and inside to hold the parts together . This is pitiful quality control . Will never buy another Perky-Pet house .
 This birdhouse is very nice but I have yet to have a bird check it out . I have it hanging in my tree and no birds will go inside .
 This birdhouse is not correct for house wrens . The entry hole is way too large . This birdhouse would only serve as a sparrow house . The cedar is nice quality , but very fragile and it will break quite easily . If the maker placed a small reinforcing strip inside the removable roof and used a quarter for sizing the entry hole , then this house would be adequate . As shipped now , UNSUITABLE !
 its a boring plain looking house . not a single bird has shown any interest in it . hole is really too small even for a small bird .
 First Impression
 We purchased 5 litter locker refills , two were defective , liner was cut almost from one end to the other . One in use is OK and two more suspects.Probably wo n't buy again from this outfit .
 I 've been using the Litter Locker for over 6 years . It is a good product that eliminates odors . Unfortunately , there appears to be a manufacturing issue with the recent batch of refills . The refill cartridge used to last well over 30 days as advertised , however , lately it is only lasting 10 - 14 days . The 5 pack used to last me about 5 months . I purchased a 5 pack in late May that only lasted about 1.5 months . Not sure whether other consumers have noticed the same thing ? I contacted PetMate but was informed that they no longer manufacture the refills . I think the refills are now manufactured in Canada . I hope this is not a ploy to increase profits by reducing the cartridge capacity .
 This item does not hold the odor as well as the original cartridge that came with the litter lock unit I purchased at Petsmart . I bought this 5 pack unit to save money , but since it does not contain the odor it has been a waste of money . If this is indeed a legitiment item from litter locker , then they must have reduced the thickness of the plastic , which is causing the odors to escape .
 Petsmart sells litter locker refills for the same price they are selling it here only your not paying for the shipping , not much of a deal . The refill for litter locker 2 only has half the amount of bags per refill as the litter locker 1 and both are the same price .
 The company I purchased this from was great , they were very quick with shipping . The problem is the plastic is to thin and everytime I go to empty my litter locker , there is a tear somewhere in the plastic . Which of coarse make a mess everywhere , and takes extra time to clean and disinfect the area . I have one cat and clean out the litter locker once a week . Product does n't seem tough enough for the job .
 I have yet to receive this product that the company said I received . It never showed up at my doorstep despite the fact the company says it was delivered . I do not know where they delivered it . The company has not responded to my requests other than saying this will be investigated . But it has been a month since they said I received it , and I still have no product that has been paid for . Please beware when purchasing with this company . They do not require signatures for acceptance of delivery and apparently do n't care which address they use to deliver their products as long as it get off their trucks . Totally dissatisfied with this service . / Margaret
 I used the Litter Locker and refills for a few years faithfully , buying the refill cartridges in bulk to keep the costs down -LRB- `` only '' $ 6 per cartridge , each lasting roughly a month for 2 cats -RRB- . In a small apartment it really did help cut down on the smell , despite the flimsy plastic construction . I never used the plastic scooper , due to it clogging and getting scratched and harboring bacteria , but I was able to keep a metal scoop in the holder.About a year ago , I started feeling Green Guilt about this product ! I was n't entirely sure that my local recycling plant took this shape of plastic to recycle , so the cartridges may have just ended up in the landfill after all . Plus it takes a certain amount of energy to make the cartridges and ship them in the first place . It just did n't seem like the greenest option . We donated the Litter Locker and , for the moment , are using an old litter bucket with a lid and cheap garbage bags inside . This cuts down on the smell reasonably well and the cost to the environment and to my pocket book is less than the Litter Locker . After this box of garbage bags runs out I may even spend the extra money to buy biodegradable bags , which will be the same price of 1 cartridge and will last much longer.Our current living situation is such that we can have our litter box outside on a screened-in porch . We may have to re-evaluate when we have less space to hold the litter box , the bucket with used litter , and the bucket with fresh litter -LRB- which we refill rather than buy new buckets -RRB- . Maybe by then there will be a new , less wasteful product available.UPDATE
 The first refill cartridge that was put into the litter locker ripped twice , sending dirty litter into the unit , which I then had to remove , clean out and then re-install . I have just put in the second refill cartridge , so I do not know how that one will work , but if I have any trouble with this second one , I will not re-order .
 Unfortunately most people are ill informed about vegan cats , including most veterinarians.Wild cats are in fact obligate carnivores . However , in domesticating the house cat and bringing it into our homes we have effectively removed the cat from its natural prey of mice , insects , birds , lizards , and other small creatures . During the past 100 years or so , as the human food industry was searching for a way to salvage and use all the waste materials from its processing lines , it came upon a wonderful solution . Lets boil it all up and dry it out and add it to the food we make for cats and dogs . As a result , the vast majority of commercial pet foods contain what are euphemistically referred to as the four D 's , dead , dying , disabled , and diseased animals , along with other quite undesirable materials . Quite frankly , if you are feeding this junk to your pets , you are effectively poisoning them . We are seeing diseases in pets today that we have never seen before because of the wide variety of contaminated ingredients that are finding their way into the food we feed our companion animals . You know `` garbage in , garbage out ! `` Now the issue here is not meat ; it is about providing all the essential and non-essential amino acids -LRB- the building blocks of proteins -RRB- and vitamins and minerals that are bio-available to the particularly unique physiology of felids -LRB- cats -RRB- . The quality , quantity , and availability of these nutrients can come from any source , and for those of us who are vegan , the best source is vegetable based.Tens of thousands , perhaps hundreds of thousands , of cats around the world live quite well on one of the several available vegan cat foods that are recognized as nutritionally complete . I personally have had 31/2 years of experience in feeding the Evolution kibble product that this review is addressing . It is a high quality product that is AAFCO certified as nutritionally complete for all life stages in cats . Not only is this product safe to feed your cat , but if you follow the recommended feeding procedures , you will find many benefits to both your cat 's health and your wallet.If you desire more detailed information , I invite you to do a google search on vegan cats . I would put my web page information about this issue on this review , but it is against the policy for writing reviews on Amazon.Just for everyone 's edification , I have researched this issue for well over 500 hours , read hundreds of technical papers , visited hundreds of web sites , and have made a commitment to specialize in feline nutrition as part of my Veterinary Technician studies . I probably know more about feline nutrition than 95 % of all the vets in the world.My feline son is a vegan and will remain so because I am absolutely certain that his quality of life will be enhanced by his diet and that this choice will not be a detriment to his health . ------------------------------------- Since writing this review in 2006 I have had a change in position about this particular product after 4 years of personal experience . The manufacturer of the Evolution foods was changing the formulation of the food on a regular basis and during that time I found that the Feline Kibble was not able to maintain the pH level in the urine of cats that was promised on the label and in their literature . At least that was n't the case with my former feline son and my current feline son . As a result I can no longer recommend the use of Evolution Feline Kibble for male cats . Since urinary issues are different between male and female cats the Evolution Kibble MAY be satisfactory for feeding to female cats . Nutritionally the Evolution foods seem to be fine for nutrients but not necessarily adequate for maintaining the proper pH levels to avoid urinary issues for male cats.Consequently I am now recommending male cats use the Vegecat pH diet provided by Harbingers of a New Age . My son has been eating this food supplement in a specially prepared gluten formulation I created called a vegan feline roast . It is 62 % protein , 33 % fat , and 5 % carbs and has a moisture content of about 60 % . Almost a perfect combination of ingredients to mimic natural prey . My son finds this product to be very palatable and his urinary pH has been consistently at 6.4 for the three years that we have been producing and consuming this food . The drawback is that it takes about a half hour every 3 days to make the food and the cost is equivalent to a premium cat food . But on the other hand my son is trim , full of energy at 61/2 years , enjoys great health , no longer has urinary tract issues , and no other animal had to die in order to provide my son with life-giving nutrition.UPDATE
 As a vegan , I try to avoid harming and consuming animals to the fullest extent . For this reason , I fed my cat this product given the recommendation of a good friend . As a result of feeding my cat this food , my cat became sick . Initially , she avoided eating this food at all . I influenced her , however , by mixing this kibble with freeze-dried chicken flakes -LRB- I intended on weaning her off of the chicken flakes -RRB- . While I succeeded in having her consume this cat food , her behavior was strange , as she began begging.I completely gave up on this product after 2 weeks when my cat vomited after eating half of her meal that evening . While some cats vomit normally , my cat rarely vomits.While I would love for my cat to become vegan , I believe this is a pipe dream . I am forced to take Peter Singer 's position on owning cats , i.e. , if a vegan feels wrong about feeding a cat meat , then a cat may be the wrong companion . So , I will sigh and feed my cat a meat based food . If you can recommend a more `` ethical '' cat kibble , please do , and I would truly appreciate it .
 This is junk food for cats.Cats must eat meat . This food does not contain taurine and other essential vitamins that a cat ca n't obtain from vegetable sources . Cats that eat this food are facing a horrible death from vitamin deficiencies , possibly including blindness first . I 'd feed my cat the cheapest store brand before giving her this stuff .
 I thought this product would be a little longer and noticed that the front of the scooper -LRB- triangle shaped -RRB- is kind of flimsy . I do n't know if it will pick up heavy litter . After trying this product it is not made for scoop types of litter . It would not separate the clean from the dirty litter . I would not buy it again . It is just wasting space and I will probably give it to goodwill .
 I thought this would be a great scooper for my cats , who like to pee in the corners . But the triangle piece at the end was extremely flimsy . In addition , the holes were so small that my clumping litter would n't fall through it without lots and lots of shaking . Overall , I thought this scooper was a neat idea , but poorly executed .
 This product is lousy , period . it bends all over when you you are trying to clean the litter , it is just totally useless .
 I need a scoop that works in corners and was happy to find this one , but it 's useless with kitty litter . Litter does not fall through the mesh . The tip is way to soft as well . I rated it 1 star only for use -LRB- less -RRB- with kitty litter and nothing else . Maybe it works fine with lizards ' stuff or something else .
 Before you put this on your pet , you may want to search Google for `` hartz flea shampoo for cats '' , or go to the website hartzvictims dot org . There are a lot of sad stories about animals that have died from this stuff . Before you coat your animal in chemicals , be sure to do a thorough background search on the product . Your pets life depends on it .
 I do n't know about newts , et al. but I would assume it is the same for them . I do know that this habitat is far too small for a hermit crab . It may serve as an isolation ` tat or a travel tank but it would be inhumane to keep an animal in such a small space indefinitely.Specifically for hermies , they are social animals and really should have at least two friends to live a happy existence . This ` tat is too small for even one , let alone three .
 Found these at Loew 's and Walmart for way cheaper . The chain did not hold up with the weight of the suet .
 My dog -LRB- a 1.5 year old Golden -RRB- threw up several hours into chewing on this bone . She was fine the next day . However , our conclusion is that buying uncooked bones for dogs online or `` packaged '' is probably just asking for trouble .
 This ramp works as described , but that is the only positive thing I can say . There were several rivets which were improperly fastened -LRB- I fixed them myself -RRB- , none of the edges were finished , so I had to take a file to prevent any cuts . The description claims 250lbs. , but my 120 # pooch causes a slight sag as she goes up . I could not find a sticker noting where this was made , but it does n't matter , there is no quality control at all .
 Although this crate is sturdy and handy it had a slightly toxic smell when I bought it last April , and the smell has never disappeared . I scrubbed it and left it outside for a few days to air out , but the smell -LRB- sort of a synthetic plastic smell -RRB- never faded . We wanted the crate to use in our bedroom but simply could n't stand the odor anymore . The dog began to balk at going in too . It is now October and we 've finally put the crate in a plastic bag under the house . The company wo n't take it back . Do n't buy this !
 I bought this product from Petsmart a couple of months ago . We used it on our 55 pound Lab and she was able to shred the zipper on both sides . She was crate trained prior but tried and was able to get out of this , destroying both doors in the process . I think it might be okay for smaller dogs , but I would n't really recommend it , its to poorly constructed .
 This is a super flimsy crate . My 21/2 year old dog seemed to like the crate . I introduced it to him slowly with treats and letting him just go in and lay down at will . He is used to being confined to a regular metal crate most days when I go to work and has always been fine . But the first time I actually left him in this Firstrax crate , I came home and he had busted through one of the flimsy zippers . I fixed the zipper and tried it again . The second time I left him , he just tore the fabric along a seam and got out . I could n't believe how flimsy this product is . It might be okay for an older dog or very low energy dog , but it ca n't stand up to a more energetic dog .
 This crate tends to collapse inward on the dog . The frame that should `` snap '' into place needs something to slip over the joint so it ca n't collapse . Very little movement can cause the frame to collapse . The mesh is also rather flimsy - she is not a destructive dog , but just a few scratches resulted in large tears in the mesh almost immediately .
 Great concept for a dog crate - really does set-up in seconds !! Problem is , like a few other reviews , the petroleum odor did not go away even after a month of being set-up . I contacted Firstrax for a solution on how to remove the smell and their advice was to put it outside . Problem is I do n't have a yard to put it in , plus if you need to put it outside to get rid of the smell something is wrong with the product . I followed up my phone call to Firstrax with an e-mail but they have not replied.5-stars for the crate1-star for the smell
 This crate is easy to set up but it smells horrible . I am not willing to expose my puppy to pvc outgassing.I tried to let it air out for a few days , but it has not helped . yuck.I am going to return this and get a metal crate which I can make cozy for her . this thing must be toxic !
 It 's a fantastic crate . Except for one problem - it stinks ! Received this more than two weeks ago - sets up very easily . Seems very sturdy and would be great for traveling which is what my wife and I wanted it for . To take our yellow lab on trips with us this summer . Unfortunately , within an hour of having it in the house , my wife developed a headache and started feeling sick to her stomach . The smell was unbearable . The dog wo n't go near it . We read through some of the reviews and tried all the suggestions except for washing it in the washing machine . Wanted to be able to return it if necessary . We set it outdoors , sprayed it with Febreeze , wiped it down with vinegar , etc etc etc. . Still stinks . Horrible horrible chemical odor . Sad to do it but we are returning it . Going to be nervous about buying another one online without being able to smell it first !
 Bought the similar model Petnation Port a Pet at Costco . Horrible petro chemical odor problem that would n't wash out . I took the item back to Costco . Do not recommend it .
 So , I love the construction of the crate . However , was hoping to use it next week when our sweet dog stays with a friend while we are out of town . The overpowering , toxic smelling fabric , makes me afraid to use it . Thus it rates a 1 . Our dog has so far refused to go near it . We have been airing it out for just 2 days , but do n't see the fume-like odor dispersing anytime soon . It is so bad that I am concerned for the dogs health if she sleeps in it . She is a rescue and we do n't want to poison her !!! If carpet off-gassing will give people a headache , I ca n't imagine what this would do to a 30 pound animal . We will probably return it when we get home . Such a shame as the sturdy but light construction is fantastic and just what we wanted . Bummer !
 I purchased the medium size -LRB- up to 50 lbs dog -RRB- and my 7 lbs yorkie broke through this kennel in less than 5 minutes twice ! Once by separating the zipper and the second time by scratching through the mesh . So if your dog wants out get a hard kennel .
 Although the product description states that this kennel is not for aggressive chewers , I bought the kennel because I do n't -LRB- did n't -RRB- consider my 80 lb Rhodesian Ridgeback to be an aggressive chewer . He does n't chew up things when he 's not kennelled and he does n't chew up things in his plastic Vari-kennel while we 're away . I bought this kennel to travel with and put my dog in the kennel at my parents house . The first time he escaped was my fault - I did n't hook the zipper pulls to the clip at the top of the door so he just pawed at the zipper until it unzipped enough for him to simply let himself out . Lesson learned , or so I thought . The second time he escaped , he just chewed straight through the mesh door and wiggled out through the hole . Imagine my dad 's surprise when he came home from work and was greeted at the door by a dog that should have been safe and secure in his kennel ! I am very disappointed in this product , but do not consider it to be defective . If your dog is smart , sneaky and resourceful like my precious fur baby , please think twice before purchasing this kennel !
 Great size crate good looking and everything but if you have a dog that wants out they will get out . My 10lbs poodle broke the clip that holds the zipper up and now she can unzip it when ever she wants .
 The zipper is something you would find on a backpack - very flimsy . My ski jacket has a heavier duty zipper . It took my dog 5 minutes to dislodge it . Seriously , 5 minutes .
 We bought this Kennel due to the great reviews and look of it . I like the fact it did not look like a cage and seemed to provided a calmer atmosphere by not letting a lot of light in . We ended up purchasing this item two days after we bought our 14 week old Shepard Lab mix . She was and still is n't an aggressive chewer but does need chew toys . The first week went great ... except for the first few moments of being alone she seem to do really well . Then the second week , she kept flipping over her crate and it would be on it 's side when we got home . Then she got out due to my Husband not attaching the zipper to the latch on top . No big deal we just made sure it was latched . However , 2 days later she chewed not only through the mesh but also the canvass and walked right out . Thank goodness she did not wreck the house . The most that happened was she peed in the bedroom . Since then we bought a regular cage looking crate , which she hates even more and her anxiety has gotten worse . Yet she has not escaped our flipped it over.I do not think this is a good item to use when starting out with a puppy . I would believe this works better for dogs that owners have had for a while or are more adult . Also if you think or know your dog may have separation anxiety I fear this will not only fail , but possible make the anxiety worse due to it 's instability .
 I love the way this thing works , and it appears well designed.But my little tiny dog ripped the zipper the first night and ran amok through the house . It 's clearly not up to the job.PS I called the company , but they close early . Hence my return and this review .
 This is the second Fistrax N2-36 NOZTONOZ Sof-Krate Indoor/Outdoor Pet Home that we have purchased . We found the first one -LRB- and this , too -RRB- to be sturdier than others and easy to set up -LRB- no pinched fingers -RRB- . However , this one , a week after delivery , is still sitting outside airing . The strong odor seems to be emanating from the polyester bottom . We do n't dare put a dog in it as the smell is overwhelming and unhealthy .
 I really love the idea of this product - a light-weight , easy to manage , portable and sturdy crate . I purchased one several month back and after about two weeks , the primary door zipper broke which made the crate unusable . Amazon graciously accepted a return and replaced the crate with a new one . The second crate lasted about 4 weeks ... same problem ... the problem seems to be with the zipper turning corners - the prongs seem to easily misalign and then break when the zipper passed over them.I would love to get another one , but I think that I 'm going to have to get something else that is a little more reliable .
 Our dogs actually do n't mind being crated , most of the time , and go into the crate on their own when they 're scared , tired , in trouble , etc. . . But when they want out to get into mischief , the bigger dog -LRB- not that big , he 's just a Cavapoo -RRB- figured out how to unzip the crate from the inside . He scratches at the zippers until he can push them open . We thought we could outsmart him by facing the crate against the wall , then if he unzipped and opened it , he would not be able to go anywhere with the entrance of the crate just going straight into a wall . Our dog then figured out how to unzip the top part of the crate , and just jumped out the top . SO , we secured the zippers together , so that if he did scratch them , they would n't come apart and open . He just pawed at the zippers until he broke them and ripped the crate open , so now it is rendered entirely useless . It 's not as if we have some huge Hercules of a dog , he 's a little under 30 lbs . This crate would have been ok for my little Maltese . She 's 6 lbs and is not capable of doing any damage to anything , but the bigger dog , he just needs a real cage.I did like the fact that I could take the thing apart and stick it in the washing machine . Regarding the other reviews about the smell , our crate did n't smell funny for long , but it was probably because we washed it a couple of times . I also liked that it was lightweight and easy to move around . We were crating the dogs in our bedroom at night , and downstairs in the family room during the day . I could not have hauled a huge metal crate up and down the stairs twice a day.Anyways , it worked well for our little dog , and for our bigger puppy until he was about 15 lbs -LRB- and about 6 months old -RRB- . After that he had figured out how to break free , so we stopped crating him except for at night . I would n't recommend this crate for mischievious dogs , or any dogs that are capable of doing any damage , chewing , etc. . . We 're just lucky ours did n't swallow a part or anything that he did pull apart on it , because he does like to chew . He did remove all of the plastic parts he could get a hold of on the outside and chew them up -LRB- all the little strap adjuster thingys on the outside , they were chewed in about a week -RRB- .
 IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR PET DO NOT BUY . IT IS MADE IN CHINA AND IT HAS AN EXTREMELY STRONG PETROLEUM SMELL THAT DOES NOT GO AWAY.DO WE REALLY KNOW WHAT CHEMICALS THE CHINESE ARE PUTTING IN THIS PRODUCT.LOOK AT ALL THE CHINESE RECALL ITEMS . THERE ARE MANY REVIEWS ABOUT THIS CRATE AND MANY REFER TO THE STRONG PETROLEUM SMELL . LOOK WHAT THEY DID TO SOME DOG FOODS . THEY LACED IT WITH PLASTIC SO AS TO RAISE THE PROTEIN . IT IS DOCUMENTED .
 Do not buy this crate to train a dog ! They do n't work at all . Being a new dog owner I know very little about it and they say nothing about this crate being for trained dogs only . My pup ripped a hole in the front `` door '' in the first few days . I turned it around and put the hole against the wall , and now in week two yet another hole now rendering it 's useless . I was only gone for an few hours , and I took him out just before i left , yet it took him no time at all.I will also echo what others say about the smell ... it does n't smell good at all , and the smell has n't dissipated in the two weeks i 've had it . I do wonder if it 's good for a dog to be surrounded by that smell for hours at a time.There is no returning it because it was damaged by my dog . That 's $ 90 in the trash . That 's a real bummer.To sum it up i would n't buy this crate again even if my dog liked going in it . It smells really bad . And if you are trying to house train a pup do n't waste your money .
 I purchased what was described as a soft sided pet home . What I received was the replacement cover the crate ... NOT the crate itself.When I contacted the company and included my invoice/receipt from Amazon , they stated that Amazon had made a mistake and that I could either return the item or pay more money and receive the whole item.Since I was buying it because it was economical , I did NOT pay any more and used their mailing label that they sent to me and returned the item.In the future , it would be very important to make sure that the item advertised on Amazon , IS exactly what the company is offering .
 Sofkrate Dog bed
 We paid more for this crate b/c we felt like the value was there and wanted our dog to have a safe , comfortable crate to stay in . . For one , it is very difficult to pop the crate into shape ... I have pinched my fingers doing it . Secondly , our dog can easily get out of the crate , which defeats the purpose of spending 80.00 on this crate ... Do n't buy this crate . . we regret it and wish we would have purchased a hard plastic or metal crate ...
 I purchased this crate and initially thought it was great . It seems very well built and it set up in just a moment . However , my dog chewed through it and escaped the FIRST time I left him in it . The only time my dog ever chews is when I leave him so I guess I should have known . So buyer beware , if your dog chews , opt for a metal crate .
 Used this stuff as directed and still had 3 fish deaths . It did nothing to jump start my cycle , stay away from this product .
 Spent 3 bottles just to realize that it does nothing ... pure snake oil ... i think the idea of the product is to take advantage of the natural time that the tank takes to create beneficial bacteria by itself and people think is the stability , but is not.I used Prodac Nitridac and in 4 days my tank had cycled , much better product !
 I 've tried this product a couple of times and it turns my nice clear fish tank water into pond water - I 've had to completely start my tank over within a week and a half both times I 've used this product .
 I have had aquariums for about 15 years , fresh and saltwater , all with no issues , but decided to try Stability because it was supposed to help and was recommended . I have cycled every aquarium I 've owned with fish -LRB- it 's technically impossible to do it without -RRB- , all of them surviving , and having outstanding water parameters . However , when I started using Stability - following the directions to a T - I experienced a HORRIBLE cycle . It was prolonged , and seemed to even reverse at one point , becoming worse ! I mean like three PWC a day of 50-90 % type of worse . It would improve , and then crash . It caused a huge algae bloom , and I lost 3 fish , the most I 've ever lost . After I stopped using Stability everything improved . This is a product you have to keep adding to your aquarium . It actually does n't have the correct bacteria in it to help cycle your tank and keep the levels normal -LRB- contrary to the label -RRB- , and it will prolong your cycle , making your aquarium nearly impossible for fish to inhabit.Skip this product and go order yourself some of Seachem 's Prime . It 's the only thing I 've ever used or needed to have a healthy aquarium and healthy fish . Stability is useless and just causes nothing but problems .
 I am in the process of moving my colony of Cherry Shrimp , Celestial Pearl Danios , and Corydoras Hasbrosus from their outgrown 10g into a 20g long . I have started by slowly moving their plants and driftwood over , as well as using the sponge from their filter in a temporary filter and Seachem Stability . It has been over a week of dosing Stability along with liquid plant fertilizers every day and I was getting ammonia readings the entire time . Last night I got a HUGE ammonia spike . I have no idea how the bladder snails that hitchhiked their way into their new mansion early are still living . All I can say is thank goodness I did n't move my expensive to replace fish over on day one . I used it according to instructions , doing 2 capfuls on day 1 and 1 capful every day after that . But basically the tank is just cycling normally and it could be another three weeks for it to be ready to go.This is the first Seachem product I have n't loved . Really disappointing ! I used API Stress Zyme + when setting up my 10g tank and IMO it worked much better .
 I used this product in accordance with the directions on the back and dosed my tanks exactly as described in the instructions . In my 20 gallon tall planted tank , it caused my Boesemani Rainbow , my Madagascar Rainbow , my Black Emperor Tetra , and my Dojo Loach to develop bacterial infections that has killed them . It is causing wasting sickness in my Rummynose Tetras , and playing general havoc in my tank.I also used this , again to the instructions , in my fiddler crab tank which has caused massive buildup of bacterial fuzz on my cured driftwood that in some places got a centimeter thick . My hoard of snails ca n't even keep up with the growth.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . Cycle your tanks the old fashion way - by filling the tank , putting maybe one or two small fish , letting it sit for two weeks , and then slowly add in the fish you want . This stuff will attack the eyes , fins , gills , and anus of your fish .
 Followed the instruction exactly . I 'm 1 week in and my ammonia still continues to rise with 0 nitrite or nitrate . Feels like I just paid 12 dollars for a bottle of water . Will probably return this .
 Says to use for 7 days and then you are good to go . This is false . Once you start using this product you can never stop . Stability does as it says and keeps your tank levels optimal , but only as long as you continue to use it . Seachem utilizes bacteria similar to those produced naturally by the fish , but not the same bacteria . This information was taken straight from Seachem 's website . The Stability bacteria use all of the oxygen in the water and are introduced in such great quantities that the natural fish-born bacteria never have a chance . Once you stop using this and the bacteria left in your tank die out , it is as if your tank were brand new and you will have to cycle all over again -LRB- the natural way -RRB- . Use Tetra Safe Start . This product utilizes the same bacteria that are produced naturally by the fish , and is ideal for long term tank stability .
 This is how you teach your children how to NOT care for fish properly
 The item arrived on time , but unfortunately the bottle was already open . The safety seal was peeled up inside , so the fluid leaked all through the box leaving me with only about half the bottle left . Very disappointed in the packaging and quality of this .
 I got this for my baby bearded dragon , knowing that I am not always home everyday to make sure he has clean water . After a couple months I noticed that the water would get down to empty and not refill itself . Disapointed in my purchase , I removed my cricket guard , did nothing , and tried putting it on an arch , did nothing . Works as a bowl , but not worth it over a normal food dish . SKIP !
 Overall , a poor quality piece of merchandise . Thin plastic and a control value that is difficult to regulate . After about two weeks , the container began leaking out the side . If you need a high quality misting/drip system , nothing comes close to Mist King .
 Item was good and comes in handy however the nozzle to control the water is very sensitive and you ca n't move it without it changing how much water comes flying out . Also not a dripper more of like a heavy stream
 I have had this set up last year and I have to say that it may be a good ramp for a car , it is n't really designed for a pool at all.First the brace between legs is metal and it rusted out in the first season in the pool . I had to paint it with rustoleum halfway through the season just to be able to keep using it.Then the rubber caps continually come off the bottom of the legs leaving the ends of the legs with a thin bare metal edge coming into contact with the liner of my pool . Thank god I discovered this happening before my 70 + pound dog jumped on the ramp and ripped two square holes in the bottom of my $ 1000 pool liner . I ended up having to wrap the bottom of the legs in duck tape to protect my pool . Now the legs do n't sit at the right angle and the ramp starts folding up underneath itself making it a complete hazard for my dog , not to mention the side of my pool.And the last thing that is very poorly designed are the metal plates at the top of each leg that attach the legs to the ramp . It only attaches by three corners of the square plate leaving one corner not attached to the ramp and over time the plate bends because the metal is soft and thin which also causes the legs to bend under.My advice is to not by this product until they fix these fatal design flaws , there are other products on the market that my be more expensive but are clearly designed for use in the water unlike this ramp which is designed for use on land and the pool legs seem to be added in as an after thought ...
 We bought this for our son 's Crested Gecko about a month ago . I noticed it was going through water very quickly . Then I pulled it out one day and discovered the flood at the bottom of the terrarium . It seems to have sprung a small leak and as a result it 's now pretty useless to us . Very disappointing .
 Water everywhere !! Leaked from bottom and splashed over the side . Also created a very humid atmosphere for my bearded dragon , went from 30 % with a standing water dish to 80 % . I now have a magnetic dripper that keeps the tank at 40 % .
 I bought this based on reviews . After 1 day of the water change , the water became chunky , looked like white pulp floatingand my fish became very inactive . Seemed like he stayed at the top trying to breathe . I went back to Aqueon betta bowl conditioner plus , I have had no trouble with burning the fish as prev reviews read . The fish store said the only way that happens is using to much water conditioner based on the volume of water .
 Just got my long awaited dog dish ... what a joke . It is poorly built short , small ... amd an insult to my beautiful Black Lab . Sending it back !
 every connection in this thing leaks . i spent hours trying to get it right and about ten dollars in parts and plumbing tape but it always leaked ! i rated it with one star because zero stars is not an option .
 I was originally impressed with this litter box - until it had been a few months and the arm/scoop kept getting stuck on nothing - it would just hit the side of the box , over and over -LRB- for hours if I did n't stop it manually - not fun at 2am ! -RRB- ... . Petsmart took it back , and I decided to give it another shot , as I have tried several boxes , and desite its flaws , I still thought this one was pretty good . The second one has also lasted a few months , but now the arm/scoop falls off because its locking mechanism does n't work . I am ready to try something different ... . I just noticed that Petmate , the manufacturer , does n't feature this product on their website anymore , and instead they have a `` new '' automated litter box - seems like we all agree that this one has got to go !
 After having some problems with Littermaid products , I decided to give this one a try . With two cats , for the first four months , it was at least tolerable , and less likely to jam than the Littermaid boxes . However , the waste receptacle is ludicrously small , and fills up in just a couple of days ; and the expensive plastic bags are not a good system for dealing with the waste , unless you like sending lots and lots of them to the landfill.Then abruptly the mechanism which rotates the rake while sweeping toward the litter receptacle failed , rendering the unit inoperative . I understand that this problem is very common in this unit and its lower-priced version , the Litter Round-Up . Many users report failure in two mmonths or less , so I guess I did a bit better than they ; but too bad . I may have to send the whole unit to the landfill and start over , and I think I am entitled to better reliability than this .
 I have a malipoo and he wanted no part of these . I tried everything to get him to go on the pads but they just did n't work for us .
 I do n't know what kind of plastic is used for the backing on these pads but it is porous which defeats the purpose entirely . I will not buy them again , which is too bad as previously I had been very satisfied with other products from this company.Simple Solution 11035 Stay At Home Floor Protection Pads -LRB- 50 pack -RRB-
 Tried these for my 125 gallon Gold Fish tank . They ended up causing cloudiness in my tank . I was not overfeeding either , before somebody chimes in . I never had this problem before using them , and have never had it since I stopped .
 I fed my three Lionhead goldfish for almost two weeks now . My tank size is 20 gallon with a temperature of 75F . The fish did n't seem to mind the food . I gave them about 40-50 grains in the morning and the same amount in the afternoon . Brown thin film started to form on my plants in the tank after the first four days of feeding . Do Not Buy !!!
 Firstrax Glo 'n Go Small Leash - 6 ft - BlackI have 3 small dogs -LRB- under 30 pounds -RRB- and , while the leash part is exactly what I wanted , the snaps are big enough to lead a horse with . They are too big and way too heavy for small dogs .
 I ordered 2 of these leashes . One was obviously brand new and still had the tags on it . The other one is a piece of crap that looks used ! No tags and it was all unraveling and falling apart . Who would put an item like this in a package ?? They need to be fired ASAP . Do n't waste your time and money .
 I just purchased this leash . After using it for 3 days , the reflective material started to peel right off . I have had it now for 2 weeks , and there is only 50 % of the reflective material left on it . There is no guarantee that it will stay on . It 's a nice leash otherwise . Very strong and sturdy , it 's just that the reflective material does n't stay on .
 This leash lasted less than a month pulling apart & unraveling at the handle . I have 3 dogs , 2 labs around 70 pounds & a 100 pound german shepard . You can get a very similar version of this reflective leash in red or black at Walmart for less than $ 8 . I wanted a different color which is why I chose to buy this one online for a higher price . My black Walmart purchased leash is almost a year old . Some of the reflective material has worn off but it 's still in great shape showing no signs of unraveling .
 First I have no issues with the seller . This product is cheap . I have 3 dogs . 2 labs 70 pounds & a german shepard 100 pounds . I have purchased 2 of this brand . Both pulled apart at the handle & unraveled while on walks . My dogs are very well behaved & do not pull much . I would expect a leash to last more than a month . Walmart sells a similar brand for half the price -LRB- less than $ 8 -RRB- . The reflective material stays on much better & the leash from Walmart has lasted almost a year with out pulling apart . I have already replaced this red leash with a red one from Walmart & will be buying a 2nd black one to replace the blue one I bought .
 The leash is very reflective which is nice . I was n't happy with the quality of the product . I have seen other leashes like this that were created on a rubber core and the wrapping was very tight . This leash has a nylon rope at the core , the reflective part is wrapped around it -LRB- loosely -RRB- and the wrapping came undone the second time I used it .
 The leash is extremely comfortable and so forth ; however , it is interwoven and it fell apart within 14 days . The interwoven strands have frayed and pulled apart.FYI
 I set the filter up and the pump would not pump the water thru open tubes . I have an XL filter that the seal was begining to leak , this was suppose to be a replacement for that . The vendor was good about the return though . Stick with a XL filter you 'll be happy .
 The Vortex D-1 is a great product design -LRB- for the early 1970 's -RRB- . Unfortunately , mine arrived with a broken switch housing and rough edges on the critical chamber seal . The clear polycarbonate was marred with black polycarbonate as they seemed molded together . The two-conductor lamp cord and inline switch offer no ground fault protection . I did not see any UL approval . The simple ac motor sits on top of the assembly and is ready to catch splashes of water into its windings . It runs hot & noisy and requires `` special '' lubricant every three months -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- . DE powder can be dangerous to breathe yet I recall no warnings on the bag . The four foot hoses are just too short to let the pump sit on the floor next to my tank . The instructions are written for someone already familiar with DE filters -LRB- I am -RRB- . Very critical yet simple information is missing and can lead to tank killing mishaps . Such as `` put the powder on the outside of the bag ! '' . Even when you do everything right , getting all air out of the impeller chamber is very difficult and often results in blowing DE powder into the tank . The substrate material -LRB- bag -RRB- is porous enough to pass the DE powder into the tank -LRB- which will kill fish -RRB- . Fortunately , the filter is pretty good at cleaning up it 's own mess if you continue running it despite the initial panic.This would be a good filter for one or several large tanks . It seems meant to be used for short periods and moved from tank to tank . However , there is no provision for maintaining the prime during a move and you are back to dealing with air and uncoated filter bag problems . I purchased it because I was curious about how this filter functions . I will probably modify or replace it with a DIY . But I do not intend to use it as is . It probably is very acceptable to an experienced aquarist/tinkerer with spare time -LRB- as it does clean well -RRB- but there must be a more practical , less hazardous version available .
 These filters used to be the best filter on the market , I 've used them for over twenty years and they lasted forever . Unfortunately , Vortex has gone to a cheaper supplier in the last couple of years -LRB- probably China -RRB- and the motors just burn out after a couple of months , I 've been through at least three of these in the last year . One of them quit working three hours after pulling out of the box . In fact if I had n't noticed the fumes , coming from the motor , it probably would have caught fire . Obviously they have realized this , as they have discontinued some models due to manufacturing problems.Their warranty is OK , but the back and forth shipping costs get expensive . If you buy a replacement motor they do n't warranty it , so it 's better to buy an entirely new filter . Frankly the only reason they are still in business is they have the only diatom filter on the market . Unless they fix their quality problems , being a monopoly may not be enough . They need to go back to the old rock solid quality and publicly state they have fixed their product and back it up with free shipping -LRB- both ways -RRB- on warranty replacement . Until then it 's `` Buyer Beware '' .
 I ordered four bags of dog biscuits they were sent through petfooddirect ... they sent expired biscuits . . not happy
 I bought 2 filters for my 10 gallon tanks with Platy fishes . It was very cloudy before . After using the filter for 5 days water turned crystal clear !!! but now I notice that my fishes are loosing weight -LRB- big head , small trunk -RRB- and hiding in corners and I already lost 12 fishes and few are still sick ... I tried medications for fungus and parasites , with no effect so far . Another tank with no filter , fishes are fine . I remember that long time back I bought few sponges from dollar store for undergravel filter -LRB- home made ! -RRB- , next day morning all my gold fishes died . Should I remove the filter ?? ... I am lost
 After ordering this filter , and owning a smaller one for thirty years , it came and I unpacked it . Afew weeks went by , and the time came to put it to use . It 's quality had changed drasticly from my older unit , but I thought , well okay , times change . A total NiGHTMARE ! the pump motor overheated and seized and would stop pumping . After cooling , it started pumping again for a short time -LRB- just long enough to pump filter sand into aquarium -RRB- What a mess , 125 gallons of water , full of filter sand . Now I have to repack it it and send it back for replacement . I AM NOT HAPPY AT ALL !! I am still cleaning up the mess it made . Also , much harder to start siphon then the older unit .
 Firstrax Glo 'n Go Small Leash - 6 ft - BlackI have 3 small dogs -LRB- under 30 pounds -RRB- and , while the leash part is exactly what I wanted , the snaps are big enough to lead a horse with . They are too big and way too heavy for small dogs .
 I ordered 2 of these leashes . One was obviously brand new and still had the tags on it . The other one is a piece of crap that looks used ! No tags and it was all unraveling and falling apart . Who would put an item like this in a package ?? They need to be fired ASAP . Do n't waste your time and money .
 I just purchased this leash . After using it for 3 days , the reflective material started to peel right off . I have had it now for 2 weeks , and there is only 50 % of the reflective material left on it . There is no guarantee that it will stay on . It 's a nice leash otherwise . Very strong and sturdy , it 's just that the reflective material does n't stay on .
 This leash lasted less than a month pulling apart & unraveling at the handle . I have 3 dogs , 2 labs around 70 pounds & a 100 pound german shepard . You can get a very similar version of this reflective leash in red or black at Walmart for less than $ 8 . I wanted a different color which is why I chose to buy this one online for a higher price . My black Walmart purchased leash is almost a year old . Some of the reflective material has worn off but it 's still in great shape showing no signs of unraveling .
 First I have no issues with the seller . This product is cheap . I have 3 dogs . 2 labs 70 pounds & a german shepard 100 pounds . I have purchased 2 of this brand . Both pulled apart at the handle & unraveled while on walks . My dogs are very well behaved & do not pull much . I would expect a leash to last more than a month . Walmart sells a similar brand for half the price -LRB- less than $ 8 -RRB- . The reflective material stays on much better & the leash from Walmart has lasted almost a year with out pulling apart . I have already replaced this red leash with a red one from Walmart & will be buying a 2nd black one to replace the blue one I bought .
 The leash is very reflective which is nice . I was n't happy with the quality of the product . I have seen other leashes like this that were created on a rubber core and the wrapping was very tight . This leash has a nylon rope at the core , the reflective part is wrapped around it -LRB- loosely -RRB- and the wrapping came undone the second time I used it .
 The leash is extremely comfortable and so forth ; however , it is interwoven and it fell apart within 14 days . The interwoven strands have frayed and pulled apart.FYI
 I purchased this item only to receive it and notice that it was not as thick of stone that it look to be in the picture .
 I ordered 5 . One was broken in pieces and 2 others were cracked through the bottom and not useable . The 2 that survived are not what I will keep . The bowls are thin ... not what I expected .
 It came with the wrong timer ... thus dispensing 0.5 cups of food at a time ... way too much for my cat . If you decide to get it , make sure you get a timer with a `` seconds '' option so , in theory , you can actually control intake . However ... do n't count on it for a cat ... within 5 minutes of opening it my cat had figured out how to dislodge the food cap and get into the area where it comes out . This , in part , was due to the see-through storage container and the gap that enabled him to smell his way to food . This enabled him to get to twice as much food as he should have . Also - the system does not give a sealed storage area ... thus leaving it wide open to bugs .
 This pet feeder has its pluses -- it 's easy to program and has a battery back-up for the timer in case of power failure . However , the design flaws far outweigh the benefits.The basic idea is that you set a timer to dispense kibble for a specific amount of time -LRB- say , 55 seconds -RRB- so that your pet gets a specified amount of food . However , this method makes it difficult to ensure that your pet gets , say , 1/4 cup of food -LRB- how many seconds equal 1/4 cup ? The times listed in the directions did n't seem to correspond with the amount actually dispensed . -RRB- More problematically , the unit works by dispensing food via an auger that turns inside the container . It is designed so that my cat has absolutely no problem sticking his paw up the chute and removing as much food as he likes , for as long as he likes . If your pet wo n't do this , this feeder might work for you -- otherwise , be prepared to watch your cat get kind of tubby.I 've had the feeder for about a year , and the auger inside is now loose . It wo n't dispense food at all . It is designed so that I ca n't open it up to fix anything . The manufacturer 's warranty is for 90 days , so there 's nothing I can do . For the amount of money I paid , I expected a higher-quality product .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 As I sent an email prior to this one wanting my review on this I think if you look back it should speak for itself . I was happy with getting the item I ordered as quickly as I did but when I opened the box it was not what I asked for . The company did a good job with crediting my account but I wanted the gourmet flavor not what they sent . Because the one they sent I get in the stores the gourmet I found out was discontinued . My dog liked that flavor . If you could why not ask Mighty Dog why they discontinued it as well as another flavor beef and chicken . They were flavors my dog liked . Sandy .
 Its useless because the part that goes around the neck and chest is too big , even with straps adjusted to smallest . Length is perfect so I know its the right size . Maybe if you have a bully breed it might fit . Prob is that it slips down and off . Material is softer and nicer but still useless .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 Owned this item in the past.Construction seems to have gone downhill since then.Threads on the switch -LRB- both ends -RRB- are very sloppy .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 I bought this on the 20 and I was training my pitbull with it , it seemed to work while he was still on the leash and after 4 days I took the leash off and have n't seen my dog since I loved my dog and purchased this at petsmart and had to contact seller to get a refund since the dog took the collar I am out $ 330.00 Plus a 2 year old best friend the collar does shock him after he leaves but only for 30 seconds
 I have a small dog and was afraid that he would get away and go into the street.I have friends that told me to send this item back because it did not work with his bulldogs.So I return item before I open the package . Please refund my money back on my credit card . Thank you .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 I have owned several brands of this kind of feeder for years now . There is no doubt in my mind that with the possible exception of the squirrel buster series , this is the best design around for totally deterring pesky squirrels . -LRB- Forget the ones that have a cage closely surrounding a tube feeder . All that does is provide a comfortable place all over for squirrels to cling too and clean you out -RRB- . Although I have noticed that fewer birds choose to enter the cage versus what I witness with an exposed tube feeder , many eventually get used to it , and you lose nothing to squirrels , which is what its really all about . My only objection this model is its price . Its really nothing but a rather cheap style feeder inside a cage that carries an outrageous price tag . Your local Tractor Supply Company -LRB- TSC -RRB- carries a similar model for only $ 20 at the time of this writing . Its not exactly the same , but far cheaper , and even a more attractive feeder than this one in my opinion . If you 're in the market for one of these effective models , I suggest you check out the one at the TLC website . -LRB- I have enclosed a link the the feeder in the comments section of this review . Amazon tends to delete links outside its store when enclosed in actual reviews -RRB- . Do yourself and your wallet a good service and check out the TLC model , and then decide for yourself . And Bon Apitit !! ...
 This type of feeder is a death trap to small birds!We put a similar feeder -LSB- with squirrel-proof caging -RSB- up in our yard , hoping to deter the squirrels , and it did.Sadly , we lost 3 sparrows in the process . So many little birds clammered into the feeder , that when something spooked them , and they all tried to get out at once , 3 of them broke there necks in the mad rush . That is NOT acceptable!We immediately took it down and trashed it.I 'd rather put up with the squirrels than lose even ONE bird!This type of feeder should be OUTLAWED !
 The first day I put this feeder out a squirrel got in but could not get out - somehow he slid into the cage . We tried to get it out by opening the top but he was trying to squeeze out the sides and could n't . It was a really hot day and he died trying to get out !! I have the pictures to prove it .
 NO SQUIRRELS CAN GET IN ... BUT BIRDS ARE SCARED OF IT.GREAT MADE PRODUCT THO .
 Horrible . . Do not buy this . A bird -LRB- titmouse -RRB- got his leg stuck in the bottom cross bar and died.If you own this . . Please cut out the bottom cross bars that are too close . . Or throw it out .
 and am not happy with the quality on ANY of them . I bought similar perhaps 5 years ago and the difference in quality is very noticeable . would not spend this amount of money again on this no-squirrel feeder .
 I have never before left a review , but felt I needed to after our experience with this feeder.We bought this feeder because we have had difficulty with acrobatic squirrels and pigeons going after the feeders we put out for the small songbirds in our yard . At the time , there was only one poor review , and many good reviews for both this feeder and the newer version with a tray rather than a grid on the bottom . If there had been more sad comments , we never would have bought it.We decided one poor review was an outlier , so we bought the feeder.It took a couple days , and then the finches were going in and out of the feeder fine . This weekend , though , I looked out the window to find a dead finch in the feeder ! Its feet were through two different sections of the grid , its wings through two more , and the remains of its head in a fifth . It was awful ! I have thrown out the feeder -LRB- it was up for less than a week -RRB- . I do not want this happening to any more birds ! I would rather feed the squirrels and pigeons too , and have house finch and goldfinch flocks in my yard be safe.PLEASE , spare your songbirds ! Do n't buy this feeder . It is too hard for them to get in and out , and if they get scared , they wo n't think and they 'll get trapped , too .
 The product is fine but Amazon makes it very hard to complain . I paid over $ 13 for ONE of these . I thought there would be more because the description of this product is plural . I also paid over $ 9 for 8-1/2 lbs shipping weight . It weighs about 4oz . I am ready to kiss Amazon goodbye !
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 `` Natural-looking '' as stated in the description is perhaps a bit off . This perch is clearly made of plastic and not very natural looking at all with its rather sickly looking brown color intermingled with dots of red and green . If you want something `` natural-looking '' finding a tree top perch that is natural is a better bet .
 Cheaply made piece of plastic . It attaches to the cage by a platic wedge , which is n't very secure and could loosen or be taken apart by most parrots .
 I WAS NOT VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE.I GUESS IT WAS MY FAULT.IT WAS NOT AS BIG AS IT DETAILED.BUT MY BIRDS LIKE IT SO I CANT COMPLAIN TOO MUCH.JOHNNY GARCIA
 this package is barely a pound . Even so , you will get charged for shipping a supposed 2.5 pounds . The rawhide sticks are very small and hardly a treat for dogs medium or larger . end of review . maybe Amazon will allow this review ? Is it still too negative ?
 The package clearly shows the size as 5mm but that is not mentioned in the product description . My keeshond can go through one of these in three or four minutes . Avoid this product !
 I just bought this ornament for my 20 gallon fish tank stated as MEDIUM and is much smaller than expected.It 's just a little bigger than my fist.Pretty disappointed by its size
 Item arrived quickly , packaged great - if I was commenting on just the shipping - they 'd get 5 stars . The item is SMALL ! Not as tall as a pair of scissors and certainly not medium sized in any sense . Not at all worth the money . I purchased this as well as an `` xtra large '' to put in a tall 55 gallon tank , the xlarge hasnt arrived yet , but if the medium is anything to go by , I 'm going to have to figure out some other way to decorate my tank . Dont waste your money .
 My cockatiels do n't use it and my parrot ate hers . My doves and pigeon pretty much poop in it . I wo n't get anymore . Maybe my birds have a problem with cleanliness . LOL
 Bought this for my -LRB- at the time -RRB- 4 month old Shih Tzu/Poodle mix . All five pounds of her tackled this toy within one hour . She seem to love the little nylon rope tail and the extremely plushy fur . The round body was perfect to her to grip on and the limbs and ears were the right proportions for her to gnaw on . The only problem was that puppies love to pick at things , and she picked at the toy until she discovered that she could pull out tufts of fur in a single pull . Sooo , within an hour of getting her muzzle on the toy the little piggy had bald ankles ! I hated taking the toy away -LRB- she looked so cute playing with it and given what I paid for it -RRB- but tossing it would have been cheaper than the vet bill .
 This product was dirty when I got it . The product was not even properly packaged . I will now need to wash the toy first . I will not allow my pup to play with the toy ... Waste of money !
 I received this last week . I am now sewing it and patching it up , good thing I have some pink thread . I bought this for my new 9 week old 3.12 lbs chihuahua-he devoured it . Yes , he likes it but the filling/stuffing is coming out and I 'm afraid he 's consuming it :-LRB- I feel like I got ripped off , -LRB- this item is NOT durable at all -RRB- should have been free with all the other toys i got for him , how can this lil ' guy wreck this $ 7 toy
 super cute and soft . after one week , the pig was already coming unstitched . could n't use it anymore after the first week bc the stuffing was coming out .
 found this to be rather drying and the scent isnt great.Iwas hoping the green tea scent would come thru more.used it once and wont again .
 I purchased this after all t he great reviews , this thing smells bad ! I followed the instructions and nada ! smells bad .
 The manufacturer states that this product is good for gerbils . IT 'S NOT . Read up on gerbil allergies and you will find out that they are almost always allergic to cedar and pine . What does the manufacturer make this product from ? PINE . This is a horrendous thing to give to your pets !
 My Shih Tzu has enjoyed these treats for years . I used to give them 5 starts . But then the company started having inventory problems . Sometimes it would take 2-3 months unless you were willing to pat $ 250 a box . Now they 've fixed the inventory issues but have totally screwed up the packaging . Where they used to just place a cardboard strip in the middle of the treat , now they shrink-wrap it in very tough plastic . You have to fight with it for 5 minutes just to get the darned thing unwrapped . And they 've gone backwards environmentally speaking . All of the packaging used to be recyclable but now it goes in a landfill . I 've just had it . My puppy prefers your chews , but I think it 's going to be Best Bully Sticks from now on .
 These were too big for my pug when he was a puppy , but now he loves them and finishes one per night . We 've nicknamed them the `` stinky beefs '' since the smell is n't great . I like that it 's not a corn - or grain-based treat .
 I received these flossies and they were full of mold and definitely not suitable for consumption . There was a recall by the manufacturer some time ago and flossies are hard to get a hold of . Either these were recalled and the seller is still selling them or the seller is storing these in bad conditions . It took more then a month to deal with the seller to finally get a shipping label and full refund . Buy with caution .
 The pictures make this look like it is all the same light gray color , fairly small , and all the pieces are about the same size . I have seen postings from Seachem that say the pieces are about 1cm . What I received in the 1L container was completely different . Less than half of the volume was what I expected . The rest was a lot larger than 1cm , up to 3cm -LRB- > 2 inches -RRB- , with a lot of dark gray and even dense rock mixed in . There were several pieces of obsidian which is not porous at all , and many other non-porous rocks mixed in . When I called Seachem tech support they said that was because it was `` naturally mined '' and the dense rocks like obsidian did not affect the `` rest of the product . '' Nice.Luckily my application did not require a huge volume so I was able to find just enough without any left over . With so much being unusable Matrix is a very expensive solution . I would not buy it again .
 Matrix might work for someone else but in my Marineland C220 Canister it really slowed down the flow rate , I tossed it .
 Betta 's need to have much bigger bowls , at least one gallon . This is to small !! IT 'S A DEATH TRAP FOR BETTA 'S !!
 I 'd no more keep a live fish in one of these things than I 'd keep a cat in a shoebox . Yes , both would fit , and neither would be humane . If a person wants a tiny , decorative object for their desk , they should get a knick-knack , not a pet .
 do not put a live fish in this tiny bit of water . if you really like the shape , buy some flowers and forgo the fish . unless you like torturing small animals you should really stay away from something this small .
 This ` tank ' is a good way to torture and kill a betta fish , and nothing more . It is laughably inadequate to keep a betta in - or it would be , if animal abuse was n't involved .
 This tank is not a tank at all . Please review your decision when purchasing this . A one gallon bowl or tank is only a couple dollars more and would make your betta happier in the long run .
 So I bought this brush for my mini lionhead lop bunny so that she would n't get hairballs -LRB- because hairballs are dangerous for rabbits -RRB- . I was so excited when I received this package that I instantly opened it to brush my bunny 's fur . THIS DID NOT DO ANYTHING . I was expecting chunks of loose fur to come onto the brush , but there was NOTHING . Not even 1 strand of fur !!!!! Yes , this brush is soft enough to not hurt my bunny 's skin , but this brush did not DO ANYTHING to capture the loose furs . So now I am on another mission to find a brush that will work for my bunny 's fur !!!!!
 This brush would only work if you have an extremely fat hairy rodent . I tried it on my Holland lop rabbit during shedding season and it does n't work , the bristles are too far apart and it does n't even pull any hair out . Would n't even work on a cat . Not quite worth the money .
 I purchased this hoping it would help my cat . I could not even get him to eat it . This is coming from a cat which I have never had a problem feeding anything to . So I really can not give any opinion on the affects of this pill . I will be trying a different one .
 This product is no better than the cheaper filter mediums in my humble opinion . It is supposed to be re-usable after it gets dirty by sanitizing it with bleach and then soaking it in a de-bleacher to make it safe for the fish again , but you will have to go through the hassle of getting supplies for that , and then hope you get all the bleach neutralized so you do n't kill your aquarium . I would not buy this again .
 This product does not meet the stated performance claims of clear water . It also claims you can re-use it but I would n't trust soaking it in bleach and then putting it back in my aquarium with the little fishies ! I will stick with charcoal to be safe .
 I have tanks with this product and without this product . There is no discernible difference between them . Water quality and clarity are the same with or without . As this stuff is pricey , doubt I will be using it again .
 I bought this after seeing reviews raving about it . My tank was still having a new tank haze after about 2 months and several partial water changes . After 2 days of this being in my filter the tank just got more hazey . I wont be purchasing again .
 I did n't anticipate the beads and a white residue -LRB- even through I rinsed thoroughly -RRB- to leak through the mesh bag . Today I noticed that my spunky little beta was barely moving , then saw there was a white residue building up inside the aquarium walls and little white beads all over the plants . Just did a water change two days ago , and am uncertain what to do at this point . Purchased the Seachem Purigen 100 ml bag for the Aqueon Evolve 8 LED Aquarium Kit , 8 gallons . The water has a white/cloudy appearance . Put back the original filter for this new aquarium , and hoping that will clean some of this out with the help of the air bubbler which moves the water very well , but gently .
 The balde in this has a tendacy to fall out and get dull very , very fast . Spend a little more money and get a better quality trimmer .
 The description on the Amazon page says 6 ' , but the package says 36 '' . I have to push it into both ends of the hose to make it work . A big pain . The brush itself does n't look like much , but it works good for my Rena XP3 hoses .
 I tried this product immediately . It caused my aquarium to cloud up far worse than it already was , the algae has not gone away . This product is not something I 'd ever purchase again . The algae is out of control not under control .
 I bought this product from a PetSmart store and although the concept is good , it still needs a little work . The ring itself wo n't seem to float evenly . One side dips under the water level so when I put the food in , it simply floats right out of the ring . I 've tried playing with it to see if different things will even it out but when the fish come to eat , they move it a little and everything shifts around anyways.The underside of the product is hollow so air is trapped underneath the entire ring causing it to float . In the packaging it came with a styrofoam insert in this gap . . I 'm assuming you 're suppose to take it out because I personally would n't put styrofoam in my fish tank -LRB- although that would probably solve the uneven floating , that does n't seem safe for the fish -RRB- . There are no real directions besides two drawings and no warnings at all on the product.So it 's an OK product but still could use some work - try it if you want but I 'm thinking of returning mine .
 My hatching turtles immediately bit into the styrofoam , it lasted less than a day . They could have used styrofoam if they just put some plastic on the bottom to cover it ... terrible .
 This product is a great idea if it would just work as designed . If you take the time to position it properly , it 'll float for a while . Then the fish nudge it at feeding time , and half of the ring will sink again . The styrofoam insert would make it float evenly , but as a previous poster said , I do n't feel that 's safe for the fish at all . Save your $ 2 for something else .
 It was n't even worth the $ 2 paid , sorry to say . It simply does not work as designed .
 Many of the Pet supply stores have reviews on this product , and I can confirm that this newer series seems made of much thinner plastic . They look nice , but simply do n't carry weight very well . This one was purchased for a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel , a 20 pound dog . If you carry it with the handle and the dog in the crate , it will flex to the point where I fear the door will fly open . I really wish they would stop cutting costs and make these from thicker material again . It would be well worth another $ 10 to protect a pet you love and do n't want hurt .
 I ordered this after trying to find a crate that was taller and shorter for my toy poodle . He has a long neck and we are going overseas . He needs a taller kennel , not a longer kennel . In any case , that product does n't exist so I finally gave up and ordered this kennel.There is no carry handle attached to this kennel at all . I realize this is a product defect and that I can contact Amazon and return the kennel . However , that leaves me out in the air without a kennel to use when we fly as there is n't enough time now to reorder another kennel.This attests to the inferior workmanship of the Petmate kennels . They used to be wonderful crates when the company was Doskocil . They also had a great little 16 inch tall kennel that worked great for toy poodles . The material was n't as thin and the workmanship was much better.I wo n't be ordering another Petmate kennel .
 These used to be nice and all I would purchase for my puppies . I am a breeder and crate train my puppies and used these crates for shipping -LRB- if needed -RRB- The last Petmate crate I purchased , I assembled , got it labeled and all ready to ship a puppy and the handle busted off . Thank God it happened here at home and I had time to purchase another brand . Save your money and get something else .
 We have 3 PREVIOUSLY PURCHASED Petmate Deluxe Vari Kennels and they are solid , well constructed , and of excellent quality . The one my husband just ordered on Amazon was extremely flimsy , poorly constructed , has inadequate closure clips of top to bottom , has stiff and insecure latching system , and is a hideous lime green -LRB- think 1970s -RRB- instead of the moss green as described . I would n't trust this to securely keep a 2 pound dog safe and secure . Frankly , this looks , feels , and functions like a cheap knockoff . Returning this immediately - could not possibly be more disappointed with the poor quality of workmanship , materials , or function . And the hideous color was just icing on the cake ! Would rate it ZERO STARS if that were an option .
 This product is SO markedly different from the couple-years-old Vari Kennel Jr. we already own - which is fantastic and motivated me to purchase another one - that it is difficult to believe they are the same brand . Our first Vari Kennel Jr. is made of rigid plastic that does not flex and has a sturdy handle . It is a quality carrier that we feel confident would keep our cat safe.In contrast , the Vari Kennel we just received is flimsy , flexes easily and I could break the handle off if I gave it a hearty twist . In NO way would I feel comfortable putting a beloved pet in there and I would be foolish to believe it would protect her.If you are a responsible pet owner that loves your animal , look elsewhere .
 After 3 weeks of taking recommended dose , there has been no benefit.Spoke to several MD 's who feel that this product provides very little if any benefit to those suffering from arthitis .
 Twice as expensive as Kirkland . The ingredients list makes it seem as if each tablet contined the amounts mentioned , 750Mg , 600mg , etc. . Not so . It is actually half of that.It takes 4 tablets per day to get 1500 mg Glucosamine . 2 capsules per serving , but two servings per day are required.It takes 2 Kirkland tabs per day .
 These are only 750 mg Glucosamine/600 mg Chondroitin per 2 Tablets , so two tablets twice a day . The Kirkland Glucosamine HCI 1500mg Chondroitin Sulfate 1200mg per 2 tablets is much less expensive .
 I hate taking pills more than once a day . Unfortunately I did n't realize that this product only has 750 mg Glucosamine so two tablets twice a day . The Sams Club brand I usually buy is 1500mg so I don 's take it once a day . Next time i wo n't be too lazy to drive to the store .
 The directions on this thing are so completely wacked out . You ca n't really tell what the pictures are and there are directions for the feeder part in the front of the brochure and directions for the base on the back ... but they 're 2 completely different sets of directions and somehow they come together ... and you actually have to put the wall plug together . What ??? I 've never read directions so confusing!But the feeder is great once you figure the directions out ... it makes a lot of noise when the food comes out but my cat has gotten used to it now.UPDATE - 11.6.11 Changed my review to 2 stars . Since I bought this feeder my little girl has been diagnosed with IBD . So I have her on hypoallergenic everything ... food , cat litter , etc. . She 's on a very strict diet of a 1/8 a cup 6 times a day . The Hypoallergenic food I feed her is triangle shaped . Unfortunately this feeder no longer cuts it . It is n't reliable in how much food it dispenses - one time it might be just 10 pieces of food , the next time it might put a whole 1/4 cup ! I am constantly having to go to the bowl after it dispenses to check and see how much food came out . Kind of defeats the purpose.I do n't recommend this feeder if you have a special needs cat or have kibble that is oddly shaped .
 This is not something you pull out of the box and can set up easily . It has a very odd mechanism to release the food , which I could never figure out . I 'm no engineer , but the idea behind an automatic cat feeder is convenience , and this thing is anything but convenient to set up and get running . I sent it back . I hope I get a refund .
 I was really impressed by all the positive reviews of this product , but the truth is that it is not a miracle-feeder . I have owned one of these for quite a while now , and I 've really tried to make it work with every possible configuration of the settings on the device , even though it is fairly difficult to adjust . My cat is on a diet , and he eats a dry food composed of pellets that are shaped like giant aspirin tablets - round in one dimension , flatter in the other . He is fed an amount that works out to between 1/8 and 1/4 of a cup of food 3 times a day . This feeder can not dispense these amounts reliably , and the range of variation is relatively huge . Sometimes it dispenses a dozen pellets , sometimes over 30 pellets . In short , I ca n't rely on this feeder , even though it cost over $ 100 . Only purchase this feeder if the food you are going to put in there is perfectly round and fairly small - it was originally developed for fish food and that 's what it works for , NOT most cat foods .
 This feeder does not work with large diameter kibble such as Science Diet Feline TD
 One reason I bought this feeder is that it has a stainless steel bowl -LRB- many have plastic -RRB- . However , the rubber rim on this bowl stinks so bad I had to throw it away . Ca n't say for sure , but if anything smelled toxic ... and who wants that right up against their cat 's nose ? The instructions for putting this together were some of the worst I 've ever seen . Overall , making adjustments to this feeder is very awkward . I would not recommend this feeder based on these issues .
 This items really sucks , this was a waste of money . This does n't protect my doggie from the rain . That was the main reason for purchasing , so it can get my baby girl out of the rain and etc. . I came home from work one day to find that she was standing out side in the rain . And when I went to the dog house it was filled with water . I mean it was really filled with water . It 's more less a big bucket , than a dog house . I actually use it to wash her in now , than anything else .
 My dog is still able to lower it with his nose to get to the wound . Their is also no directions .
 Unfortunately , my English Springer enjoys chewing . All toys were finished in under 15 minutes . Going forward , I will make my own stocking .
 My mouse was black and white , but had a bunch of feathers attached to the end of it which I deemed unsafe for my cat . So , the item was clearly not as currently -LRB- March 2006 -RRB- pictured .
 Much smaller than shown . Our dog finished one in less than 10 minutes.Not worth the price . Will not buy again
 My dog loved it , but the stink smell almost killed me ... I had purchased bully sticks from local pet stores or Petsmart many times , never had such a bad experience .
 They taste terrible . I must have eaten less than half a dozen before the smell prevented me from taking another bite . They do , however , have a wonderful texture and weight and feel just right in your mouth .
 I was curious what these are due to the smell ... bull penises . Google it yourself . Gross !
 After buying a few Merrick 12 '' bones from the local pet store for $ 8-10 a piece , we figured it was time we buy in bulk to help our 6 month old puppy out.She 's been eating Bully sticks for about 2-3 months now as she absolutely loves them , and it keeps her quiet/calm . It also helps her teethe!We ordered a 25 pack of these 12 '' sticks . She peels these sticks . She 's a 16 lb beagle puppy . She does n't chew them from a given side , she tries to peel them like stringy cheese.Bully sticks in general will give a dog gas , while not too big of a problem , it will still upset their stomach enough - where in her case - she has thrown up , and does not run to her food bowl anymore . Today she stopped eating anything and not a sip of water.The doctor gave her an XRAY and says there 's no blockage , but it 's most likely GAS causing her discomfort for food and water.For now , she will no longer have bully sticks to eat , merrick brand or not . It may just be a puppy thing , as their stomachs are sensitive when young , but it appears the amazon.com batch of Merrick bones has caused her these types of dangerous reactions . She eats one 12 '' over a course of 2 days . It normally would get to about 5-6 '' in size when we would take it away and give her a new one.Good luck if it works for you , just watch your puppy 's change of habits and be careful , Reuben
 I was * sooooooo * happy with this for the first two or three weeks . I would push the button and just giggle at my lack of scooping . However , after the honeymoon period ended the love was gone . The rack started to stick during the rack cycle and make this HORRIBLE thump thump sound . You 'd have to nudge it about half way through so it could complete the rotation . The problem only got worse . The problem is that litter gets kicked into the motor area and gums it up . There is no way to crack open the case to clean it . Now the rack part is completely useless . It gets to the half way point and gets stuck . THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP . I have to manually push the rack thru rest of the cycle . I 've quit pushing the button and am back to scooping manually . * sigh If there were just some kind of shield that would keep the litter out of the motor area this one might have been a winner . But alas , this will end up contributing to our ever growing landfill problem .
 I 'm struggling to get started telling you what a piece of nonsense this product really is . I bought it because my old Littermaid catbox had finally given up the ghost , after 31/2 years of worry free service . Yet , I could not find that model where I live . So , against my better judgment I bought this thing.If you have ever dreamed of having an automatic litter box that actually throws cat poop right out of the box and onto the floor -- or into your lap if you are sitting in front of it -- this is it . Buy two before they quit making them.The poop hurling feature springs into action when there is the slightest thing sticky on the bottom at the point in the cycle where the little wire cage is about to come up from the litter . The motor digs in , determined to finish the cycle , and when the wire basket finally breaks free it springs up and throws the poop like some kind of maniacal jack in the box.The clacking sound mentioned by other reviewers is also a common occurence , happening about ever third cycle , no matter how clean you keep the bottom of the litter bin . For optimal operation , you must sit there and watch the entire cycle , and when it starts to clack , gently push the wire poop basket arm with your finger , and it will complete the cycle . Of course , this also triggers the poop hurling feature . It throws the poop no matter how gently you press on the arm , no matter how clean the bottom of the litter bin.If you have more than one cat , you will have to empty the poop container every single day . It 's quite small , and just two cats will fill it in a couple of days . You do n't want to let it get that full , because that means some sticky stuff is bound to be on the bottom of the litter bin , triggering the poop hurling feature . Once a day is mandatory if you have two cats or more , and you should scrape the bottom with a wire brush tool at least twice a day.Also , the machine does not fire up automatically a few minutes after the cat leaves the machine . You have to fire it up yourself by pressing the button -LRB- the One Touch feature -RRB- . In order to get this product to work right , at least part of the time , it 's best to fire it up about 20-30 minutes after a cat uses it , every time a cat uses it.I do n't know about you , but until now I have paid very little attention to my cats bathroom schedules , but now I can tell you about what time each one goes , and how many times a day , and it 's amazing how regular they are , which I suppose means they are healthy cats . This knowledge is about the one thing I can thank this miserable machine for.This is really a NO STAR product , so God bless you if you buy it . I am going to buy two of the OLD Littermaid model out of next month 's check and throw this one away . It would be showing contempt for humankind to even give it away to another cat owner for nothing . Please , save your money .
 all this was past tense stop working in a month paid 79.99 is a hyped up litter box can not find a number to ask for partial payment back
 I have a litter box on my second floor , in a spare bedroom . It is shared by 2 small , full grown cats -LRB- under 10 lbs each -RRB- . I was tired of scooping , and wanted a self cleaning box . I needed one that would not smell , and that would keep litter in the box.I had looked at and researched the Litter Maids and Purrforma , and this box . Of the 3 , it looked like this box may be promising.It was actually well designed , but poorly executed . The gears stripped within a week , and the rake had to be pushed to get past the problem spot , not every time , but once in awhile . It also had a tendency to spill litter and it did not get the waste at the very bottom of the box.I returned it and purchased a litter robot , which has worked out very well .
 I wish I had read the previous reviews before I had spent $ $ $ on this litterbox . The concept was good , and I liked that it was larger than the largest Littermaid box , but the engineering was poor and every element of the box was broken and useless within two months of use by two adult cats . I ended up throwing it away . $ 150 plus accessories in the trash . What a shame . There has to be a better system somewhere !
 Urine saturated litter stuck to the bottom of the pan ; the rake bent while trying to scoop it -LRB- I use the scoopable litter as suggested -RRB- . Per the manual I tried to remove the rake from the motorized arm to clean the tray and could n't get it off . My husband tried also and was unsuccessful ; he wound up striping the rake threads while using pliars and had to use silicone to keep it permanently in the scooping position . I now have to push the button to get the rake in the up position to remove the tray to clean it . The rake also throws litter over the collection tray and all over my floor . Other than the aggravation , mess and use of a less-than perfect device it 's ok .
 I bought this product a few months ago from Petsmart and thought it was the greatest thing ever . I went home and got it running and it was much louder than I expected , and the cats utterly hated it . And when I say loud , I mean it woke me up in the middle of the night a number of times when it was only rotating and scared the poop out of the cats any time it actually activated . The motor spinning the litter area is insanely loud , I could hear it over my television even though it was in another room . Then you have the incredibly loud rake `` pop '' when it -LRB- tries to -RRB- scoops the litter and puts it into the waste container . I figured this was just all part of the process and boy , was I wrong!I had this thing for two weeks before the rake gears wore out , which happened only a few days after it started either slinging cat poo on the floor -LRB- rake got stuck and when it dislodged itself , the extra energy gave me a poo cannon -RRB- or did not fully lift out of the box whatsoever . Then the litter bowl ended up getting stuck in the spin cycle and would not rotate all the way , which was magically a day or so after the rake motor busted . All this came after the fact that I had realized my cats had only used the thing about a dozen times before leaving me little gifts all over the apartment in their disgust of this machine . Is it quiet ? Like a 747 is quiet . It constantly work my girlfriend up and woke me up several times . Does it work ? Yeah , for about four days . To keep costs down , I swear this thing is made of cheap 3rd rate plastic.When I took it back , the manager of the store was surprised when I said it stopped working and parts actually broke . He said he 'd never had any complaints about it but I think that 's due to the fact that no one had bought it .
 I finally threw this litter box out and bought another litter maid box . This box never worked correctly . It always left waste behind . I was always having to mess with it to try and get it to work . The scoop never really performed correctly . It was not worth the hassle at all .
 One month this money scooper lasted . My cats were scared of this thing at first then they got used to it . So used to it that they would attack it , there is no safty shutdown so if a cat is in it , it wont start . My cat got his tail caught in the rank and was louder than the motor . On that subject , the noise the litter box is tooo much . I cant sleep with it , and its down the hall 5 doors down . The rake does not drop the poop just takes it for a ride and puts it back in the litter box . Buy this if you want . But your will be sorry .
 This is possibly the worst self-cleaning litter box I have ever seen . I decided to buy one about 4 years ago and 2 weeks after getting it , the rake started getting stuck and making this loud clicking noise . After a few weeks , I got fed up with it and decided to give it go , and bought a new one . It did the exact same thing . I now own a Litter Maid , and so far it has worked out .
 My wife bought this without first checking out the reviews . Big mistake . The weak motor regularly got stuck and the wire scoop would always miss the poop on the edges . The unit was totally useless when we tried using clumping litter . We found ourselves always manually scooping out the poop and wet litter , so the unit was just a very expensive cat litter box . When we got a second cat we had to manually scoop the poop twice a day and ended up just buying a large plastic storage box . If you have a single small cat that does n't eat much maybe this would save you a little manual scooping of poop but that 's about it .
 This unit is known as the Littersweep Ultra or the Petmate Litter RoundUp One Touch . We bought this after our horrendous experience with the LitterMaid LM500 and figured nothing could be worse than the LitterMaid . We were wrong : -RRB- The idea with this one is sort of neat . The unit `` bin '' spins in a circle and the arm just stays still , collecting the clumps . Then at the end the arm only has to swivel 90 degrees to dump the stuff into the waiting receptacle . In fact you can just put plastic bags into that receptacle so you 're not even stuck buying ` their bins ' or such . It seemed the perfect idea.However , in reality it was a nightmare . The tines would get really nasty really quickly , all clumped with material . You had to clean them up constantly . The tines would get stuck and not move all the way forward or backwards . The grey `` ring '' around the top of the bin would get knocked off by the cats . The cats have to jump on and off the receptacle cover to get in and out of the litter box and litter goes EVERYWHERE . It was a giant mess and stopped working rather quickly.Looking through Amazon , the reviews for this unit are simply awful . It appears pretty much everybody hates it.Definitely avoid this one . Luckily through trial and error we did finally find a solution that worked well for us !
 I bought this one because the gears broke on the first one I bought . So this was to be my `` replacement parts '' . The gears on these are poorly made and the setup in the gear box is crazy ! Once something goes wrong in it that 's it you litter box no longer functions correctly . I owned the first litter box for 8 months -LRB- lost my receipt -RRB- before the gears were so messed up all it ended up being was a manual scoop . BEST ADVISE ! If you buy one of these KEEP your receipt . That is the only way you can get your money back or get a replacement.Anyway , there was a defect in this new one too . I tried using it for a couple of months and it too became a manual scoop . I had really high hopes for a automatic litter box . If it had worked it would have been a dream come true . This box and the Petmate Litter RoundUP Automatic Litter Box are not worth the one star rating.Again if you purchase this KEEP YOUR RECEIPT ! Good luck !
 The rake sticks ... and when it does n't , it flings the clumps aggressively out of the litter box so that poop goes flying across your room . It would be comical if it were n't so disgusting . Hard to understand how a product this poorly designed is still being made . Do n't waste your money on this one ! There are other rake litter boxes that are much better - this is pretty much the worst one !
 This litter worked well for about one week . It has struggled ever since then . Now , only several months later , it makes a very loud `` WHACK WHACK WHACK '' sound in the middle of the cycle , as the mechanism struggles to get the fork to the waste bin . In general , it was always a loud automatic litter . This was not worth what I paid for it .
 Expensive litter box that never quite worked the way it was supposed to . Keeping it on track was difficult and if finally just stopped working after about 4 months .
 This is the worst litter box in the world . I bought mine on 7/16 and by 7/25 ... . it no longer worked . I tried to clean everything well to make sure no litter was lodged . I tried to have the unit clean the pan more often . It doesnt help !!! The rake gets caught up and makes a clicking noise . This is the most worthless way to spend your money . 90.00 dollars will be better in your pocket
 Why are n't there NEGATIVE scores to choose from . The company that makes this device should be seriously ashamed . I bought three of these and the first two broke down in the first month or two . We have one that is still working , but the ratcheting for the drive mechanism is EXTREMELY wimpy - it gets jammed and hung up a lot more than it should . Also you need to scrape the bottom of the litter bowl from time to time , because litter just collects where the rake does n't touch .
 Paid $ 89.99 . The cleaning arm completely sheared off within a month of use . Left some waste behind . Do n't waste your money .
 Giving this one star is too much ! There is absolutely nothing good to say about this litter box . My frustration with the two to three times a day cleaning the mess and repairing jams , I threw the entire thing in the trash . I thought after happily using the Littermaid for my three adult cats for over six years , I would try the Petmate . Very disappointed !
 For the first few weeks , this automated litter box worked like a charm . At first , I was fairly impressed at the timing by which the rake would slowly scoop the litter and dump it into the recepticle , whose lid would open and close in concert with the movement of the arm . Never had any problems with the bowl spinning or with litter getting stuck , etc. . Timing worked well , and our 2 cats seemed to enjoy using a nice clean box every day . Was pretty pleased initially ... After about 6 weeks , however , the prongs on the rake would get stuck on the side of the bowl -LRB- with the prongs that stick directly into the litter itself -RRB- . Once the rake got stuck , GAME OVER . It would make this horrible CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK noise that would wake me up at night so often that I finally unplugged the thing and had to use it for a few days as a plain old litter box . There was no way to prevent the rake from getting caught , other than removing one or two of the prongs on the rake , but what good is that if the end result is a less effective way to pick up litter ? Hard to believe there was no override or way for the box to shut itself off when problems arise . Very poor design overall , one that was destined for failure.Since I had purchased it more than 30 days ago , I was worried I could n't return it and was reay to pitch it in the trash . THANK GOODNESS for PetSmart 's great return policy - or else I 'd be out a cool hundred . My $ $ $ will be spent on the litter robot in the very near future.STAY AWAY from this item , unless you plan on purchasing one every 2 months or so .
 I had this litter box for two months before it broke , also it is noisier then other automatic litter boxes . And my cats hated it !
 this does n't do anything it advertised . it does not stop and reverse when it encounters a block , it just clicks and tries to keep going . when you use premium clumping litter it is too heavy for the arm . less than premium and it breaks up . the arm does not get all of the waste . the tines are so big the smaller waste slips through . VERY UNHAPPY , sorry i wasted my money !
 This was an absolute waste . I 've had it two weeks and it 's broken , makes loud snapping sounds , has bent prongs and cats who attack it . I have actually spent MORE time with my cats ' litter than less .
 This thing jammed right out of the box , my cat had n't even used it yet . The design seems to be fundamentally flawed . Do not waste your money .
 Most of the reviews about this product are dead on
 My two pet rats must be super rats , because they can shimmy up the wires and escape from this pen . They managed to escape within 2 minutes of being in the pen . I did manage to rig it so they can not escape by zip-tying linoleum to the top portion of the pen instead of returning it . With the adjustments I made , it was still cheaper than most rat play pens for sale .
 I bought this for my dog and within 2 days the spikes started falling out . I bought locktite and reattached them but it seemed as soon as I got one back on another one had fallen out . Past that , the collar fit true to size and was definately a head-turner . Just wish it was a better quality .
 Just a warning , I googled Mr Sticky lint roller and this is what showed up on Amazon - This appears to be the original and is advertised as the `` AS SEEN ON TV '' one But its not - I was disappointed when it arrived , and realized it was not the `` Mr Sticky '' brand . I have not used it because I bought them as gifts - I do have the orignal MR Sticky brand and it does work ! I am just hoping this works as well .
 The pink stuff is very thin and not sticky at all.I gave this as a Christmas present because I had one like it years ago that worked really well.This one does n't work at all
 This item works great for only a couple swipes then you need to rinse it . It is useless . If you want to clean the cat hair from your sofa , you would need to swipe and rinse about 30 times . The lint removers with tape work much better .
 I bought two of these Tape less Lint Rollers . I used one yesterday and it was ok , rinsed it and dried it as per instructions . This is the second day and there is no sticky at all . Thought this would be such a money saver , looks like it 's back to the disposable I go .
 I own the genuine Mr Sticky , and absolutely love it . I especially love the one with the long extender handle for cleaning ceilings . No other product does that ! I do have to rinse often , but it 's not that big a deal , as it holds a LOT of dust and dries quickly.However , this is NOT the original . Mr Sticky has 6 holes in the handle . I don ; t own the product shown here and would not buy it , based on the reviews . Mr Sticky will cost you 25.00 for a set of 3 sizes . It 's WELL worth it . ` Companies that produce knock offs are stealing from the original designer , so it 's no big surprise they also steal from their end customer . From the reviews here , it appears that this company is doing exactly that . If your rip off product does n't work - address it with the company and Amazon . And learn your lesson - buy a knock off and you participate in unethical business practices . Knowingly do it and you deserve to be ripped off .
 When I ordered this lint roller I had just seen a live infomercial for the Mr. Sticky which was supposed to do exactly what this one did . When I got this lint roller it worked fine but once you wash it off a couple times it stops being sticky completely . I guess this will teach me to not always go with the off brands . DO N'T GET THIS PRODUCT IT DOES NOT WORK !
 I used to own a reusable roller very similar to this about 15 years ago . It was the most amazing invention when it came to removing pet hair and small dirt particles . After recent frustration with not getting the level of pet hair removal that I wanted from my vacuum cleaner , I remembered the reusable roller . I had high hopes that this would do the job , but was severly disappointed at the results . This particular roller did not regain its stickiness after the first use and rinse . It ended up in the trash . Do n't waste your money . You will get more use from a simple * sheet-style * pet hair removal roller for the same amount of money .
 With all the trips back and forth to the sink to rinse Mr. Sticky , you might lose a few pounds ! After rinsing , you have to dry him thoroughly to get him to work again ... he 's very particular about dampness . Mr. Sticky , you 've proven to be a stinky purchase ... and you 're FIRED !
 The back of the bottle says it `` preferentially buffers at pH 7.8 , but can manage any pH between 7.2 & 7.8 . '' My pH shot up to 8.2 from 7.3 after 1 tablespoon of this in my 15 gal tank ! What 's up with that ? The Goldfish Aquarium Board recommends a pH of 7.5 so now I 'm worried , although I know pH too high is better than pH too low and my fish seem fine . Still , the product seems a bit extreme , but I 've really liked other stuff Seachem has made . . so . . maybe I got a bad batch ?
 My 4 month old Morkie puppy loved the taste of this but it only lasted about 1/2 hour . The product did n't say it was for a puppy but I thought I 'd try it to see if it would be good for her teething . I was sure hoping it would last a little longer so do n't know if I 'll be buying them again . She did enjoy that 1/2 hour so at least it was n't a total waste of money . Do n't know how the description can say it is long lasting though . I do like that it is more natural than nylabones just wish it lasted longer .
 My puppy loved this product but they made him sick . I ordered a couple of packages and will not use them again .
 I poured the entire bottle on some carpet that had been urinated on . Followed the direction and even used a black light before and after . No difference . The urine was still in the carpet and the smell was still present
 Too good to be true . Paid $ 26 for the stuff , and it hardly got out the odor , but my cat continues to pee in the same spot every chance he gets . Nothing short of replacing the carpet will get him to stop , and I ca n't - I rent . VERY disappointing !
 I followed the directions reviewers gave here to use the stuff liberally then cover with plastic , wait several days etc. . Barely budged the urine but I refused to repeat since the smell of the product itself is worse . It is sickly sweet , smells like the vet and you ca n't get rid of it . Now you have the smell of perfume over the urine . Its been two weeks now , I have all the windows open in the room all day in the dead of winter and I can still smell the stuff . I would advise using a small bit of it in a room to see if you are OK with the smell before you spill a gallon of it on your carpets .
 I know I go against the general public on this one , but my cats have some powerful urine ! I was just about ready to get rid of these cats ! Since we have moved , they have showed me their dislike to the shag carpet in our living room . I searched the internet in hopes for a cure to the urine smell that permeates my ground floor . The urine was dry when I got to it ... they especially like to show us how mad they when we go out of town . So , since it was harder to work at since it was dried into the carpet , we saturated the rug and covered it with a plasic tarp when we went out of town for 2 weeks . This also prevented new spots . :-RRB- When we got back , I 'd say the smell was not as potent , but it was still there . It worked at it better than Nature 's Miracle which I had also tried . My guess is it got rid of 50 % of the smell , so I had planned on getting another gallon . Within minutes of taking off the tarp , yes , one of the cats marked his territory again to show me he is the boss ! So , i had to go at it while it was still wet and could n't wait to order Urine Off again ! I remembered back to their spraying days and bought Anti-Icky poo . This did the trick then , so I rushed to Pet People and returned with my gallon of AIP and a smile on my face . You had to smile when the bottle says it gets rid of all different types of odors , including dead body odors . It 's got ta work , right?It did !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hallelujah !!!!!!!!!!!!! I 'd like stock in this company and would even consider cheating on my husband with the brilliant inventor of this product . Ok , maybe not , but he 's the man ! Or she 's the woman !
 Purchased two gallons of Urine Off , my wife 's cats started to mark their territory after we brought our newborn home . The smell of cat urine is awful , and it just seems to linger . First , I never would have expected to need two gallons of this stuff ... so , buy plenty . It goes fast ! I really wish it would have worked for us , but it did n't . When cat pee gets into the carpet and the padding underneath , I 'm not sure what if anything will do the job . We ended up having to replace a section of the carpet and use Kilz primer on the subfloor to lock in / block out any smell that may have made it to the flooring . We also found that a local vet carried a similar product for a little cheaper . If you need a product like this , all I can say is good luck !
 I bought this because my cat had peed on the carpet and the smell was nauseating . I literally drenched the area with the product , covered it in plastic and waited two days . After it dried the smell came back . I tried again -LRB- twice ! -RRB- and I still have n't gotten rid of that smell . Replacing the carpet is not an option -LRB- I 'm in a rental -RRB- and I 'm at a loss as to what to do next.Also , I had a bit of trouble with the vendor I bought this from -LRB- Entirely Pets -RRB- so if you 're going to try this product , choose a different vendor .
 Seems to work for a time but then the urine odor is right back . I have n't found anything that really works but maybe later I 'll have the carpet ripped up and hard wood floors put in . That should keep the cat from wanting to urinate in places she smells the odor . At least I hope so .
 i sprayed and sprayed till the cows come home and the odor still keeps coming back do not buy this
 The product smells great and I followed the instructions . It did n't remove the stains off of the floor or the odor . It did mask the odor , but it was only temporary . I would n't recommend this product for floors that have old odors/stains .
 The cat formula Urine Off is terrible . First of all , it does not get rid of the smell of urine . Second , it leaves behind the smell of a urine soaked old lady 's house who is using perfume to disguise the smell of her own filth . Third , it is damn near impossible to get rid of the smell of the Urine Off.Here 's a tip - use plain , old fashioned white vinegar if your cat or dog pees on the carpet . Just spray it on , let it dry , clean the area the next day with some soapy water . Repeat if necessary . The vinegar neutralises the urine - works every time . I sincerely regret ever using Urine Off ; should have just stuck to the vinegar.PS - the only reason I have given it a star is because it would n't let me not . Zero stars from me !
 We 've purchased two gallons of this product and treated the same location repeatedly -LRB- essentially using the entire 2 gallons -RRB- and the cat still pees in the spot . In fact , I think he 's even more attracted to the spot because of the strong smell of the product itself . We did everything EXACTLY as instructed . Clean the area , treat it , cover it with plastic so the `` enzymes '' can work . COMPLETE FAILURE ! I think the whole industry devoted to pet smell removal products is a scam . After owning cats my entire life , I 'm convinced that the only way to keep the cat pee smell out of your house is to not have cats .
 I bought this product in the hopes that it would remove the urine smell in our carpet from where our female cat has urinated many times , and to hopefully deter her from going again in that spot . I absolutely drenched the problem area with this stuff and covered it in plastic for days , let it dry , and then vacuumed with my wet vac -LRB- only hot water -RRB- . Unfortunately , my cat urinated on the spot again . So , I did the procedure again , using more product and letting it `` work '' for an even longer period . I finished the process yesterday , and my cat has n't gone there again , but the area still has an odor when the light hits it . Other than it not performing up to my expectations , the fragrance of the product is quite strong . So strong that my husband -LRB- who has asthma -RRB- , could n't be in the room for days because he had trouble breathing . Just a warning to anyone who is sensitive to smells and/or asthma .
 I took a chance and ordered due to the amount of positive reviews . But like many other products that claim to get rid of cat urine . . It did n't work for me . I have 5 indoor cats and one has been stressed lately and has urinated on the ceramic tile by the front door . I did try a simple method and with fingers crossed has done a 100 % improvement over anything I have purchased . I mixed Baking soda and hydrogen peroxide into a paste . Spread it all over the area and allowed it to almost completely dry . . Then I used my shark steam mop and cleaned with with plain water ... As of today its still odor free , and this was over 2 weeks ago.Hope this works for others ... but I am done spending my hard earned money on products that do not work !
 I put the Urine Off in a plastic tub and soaked the entire carpet tile for a couple of minutes , and then let it dry . It still smelled so I repeated the process . After using a full gallon of UO on a single carpet tile , the smell of urine is still there . Disappointed . Seller is reliable , though .
 I purchased this product as my cats seemed to love nibbling on the rest of my houseplants and hoped to get them something a bit more suited to them . However , I was not able to get the seeds to sprout very well -LRB- some did -RRB- and ended up disposing of them after a short amount of time -LRB- refills for it are also quite expensive -RRB- . I actually still use the planter they came in but I fill it with some organic wheat grass I 'm able to pick up at a local farmers market for a much lower price -LRB- they just happen to fit in the container -RRB- . As well , the planter does n't respond very well to getting wet but has lasted a surprisingly long time - but if it was n't the perfect fit for the wheat grass I buy elsewhere it would have been in the trash long ago .
 I bought this product thinking that my cat would love it , but unfortunately I had to throw it away before I could even give it to her . Within a day of planting , the whole thing was infested with bugs and little things flying around . At first I thought perhaps it was the location and moved it elsewhere in my home , but there were bugs there in a new room just a few hours later . Eventually I went to check the seed packets , because I had n't used all of them , and they were actually inside the seed packets - I had no idea that could even happen . It was really gross and after 2 days even though one was sprouting , it was covered in mold . There is no way on earth , even if the grass grew - that I would risk feeding to this my two kitties.I have bought loads of Smart cat products before , and while the others have been great - this was a complete disappointment and failure . Maybe it was a dud , but I 'm very upset with the product and company right now .
 got this , started to grow it . one of the seeds took forever to really grow at all , then suddenly it grew the tallest , though with the least amount of grass blades . then suddenly a week later they all stopped drinking water and died .
 Do n't waste your money . You may get a `` good '' batch of seeds . I did n't . Only 2 sections grew anything at all then died in a couple days . Moldy and buggy too .
 Well the big problem is that it grew mold . I do n't feel like I was overwatering it but mold still grew . Before the mold grew my cat would throw up after eating it . That 's more my cat 's fault than an issue with the product I think . She tends to over eat and I think she just ate too much grass too fast , if I let her eat for a few minutes and then put it away . My other cat did n't have any interest in it . I would maybe give it an extra half star if half stars were allowed . The base is nice but the part that the seeds go in and the soil are not so great .
 I purchased this to prevent my cat from chewing my houseplants . Followed the directions , to the letter . Got mold and two sprouts , which she ignored . I would n't recommend or buy this product again , which disappoints me . I thought I 'd be the exception , so sorry .
 I was so excited to purchase this planter . My cat is only allowed indoors and loves cat grass . After following the instructions to a tee , I waited the 4 - 6 days as instructed to wait for the grass . When I went back to check on growth , I saw one or two shoots coming out and a green fuzz all over the soil . Also , in the window that I had placed the planter to grow , was an influx of flying insects that were not there prior to the introduction of the planter . The only way those insects could have appeared exactly at the window where the planter was , is if they came from the planter itself . Needless to say , I threw away the grass and will have to look for other sources . Incredibly disappointed .
 Although the box is nice , the seed does not grow . I put in seed from another kit and it grew just fine .
 I had two of them . The first grew beautifully , but died in about four days . The second did n't grow at all .
 I have been meaning to write to express my disappointment in the Kitty Garden ; I purchased the same product from a different vendor . I followed the instructions to the letter in terms of setting up and maintaining the garden . Although my two cats loved the grasses , they only survived for about 1 week before one molded , and the others 3 dried up and died . Even for 10 bucks , that was a pretty pitiful showing , especially since one of the reasons I got it was because of the reviews claiming the grasses `` last and last . ''
 The box is cute enough , but could they SPARE the seeds ? Only about 1/4 of the poorly rationed seeds grow and in one square only a few sprouts appeared . Do n't waste your money .
 The product is pretty good , grows fast but you can get mold/mildew on the soil very easily . The hot water they tell you to use to expand the soil plug adds to this growth . My cat loved 3 of the 4 grasses as noted by others and you can use 1/2 the seeds to extend the life span by planting it twice . In addtion the cat can get munching and pull this out of the caintier as the container is too light , I have to hold it down with rubber bands.I could take all that but now the proce keeps going up . This used to be $ 5 and is now up to $ 10 !!! I will not pay this price anymore . Save your money and buy in bulk and skip the pretty container .
 The planter is nice but the seeds are no good ! They did n't grow too much at all , just a few sprouts . I want my money back !
 What a waste of money . Can buy five of these at grocery store already fully grown and they last at least a week . For $ 10 this is a rip off . Seeds must be old . Grows in very thinly , cat ca n't be bothered to pick up one or two strands of the `` grass . '' The are only $ 2 fully grown at supermarket . Save yourself the cost and buy the already grown from the market .
 The title explains it all . I followed the directions to a ` T ' and although the presentation and build quality seems great , I highly doubt you 'd be able to get this to grow like the picture . Mold started growing on mine and only one section sprouted up . My cat loves to chew on things but she wouldnt touch this .
 My grass did n't grow more than an inch after almost 2 weeks and very sparsely , in one section only two or three blades of grass sprouted . I know I did everything right , come on - it 's grass . I wish I had read the reviews prior to purchasing this item , it seems like this is a common issue .
 Only two or three seed actually grew.I did follow all the instruction.This is very disappointing!I do n't recommend this at all !
 Natural Balance needs to improve their quality control ! A few months ago I opened a can of the Venison & Green Pea canned food and found a piece of flexible plastic cooked into their food . Needless to say I was surprised and notified the manufacturer immediately and sent the can back to them -LRB- at their request -RRB- ; they assured me that they have the highest standard of quality control and that this would not happen again . I was given a replacement can as well as coupons and an apology for the incident . I continued to feed them the canned Vension & Green Pea , but lo and behold , a few months later and we 're experiencing the same thing ! This time there was a big piece of green plastic in the canned food . I will be notifying the manufacturer again and sending the can back to them as before -LRB- hopefully they can test to see exactly what happened -RRB- , and I will no longer be using this product .
 I also have had inconsistent results with this product . In addition , the labels on the cans are n't always the same -- one indeed looks completely fraudulent . Another is dimmer and the contents were a slick , pasty substance that looked cheap and SIGNIFICANTLY different from cans that have more legitimate looking labels -LRB- they look brighter , crisper as if done on a proper printer , not some fly-by-night -RRB- . So either they get their stuff from different suppliers with haphazard quality control in some cases or , as with SO many other products from drugs to DVDs , someone is canning some -LSB- ... -RSB- crap and passing it off as Natural Balance . In any event , I 'm disappointed , disgusted and dissatisfied with the company 's response and apparent indifference to the issue .
 I fed my cat , for the first time , a can of Natural Balance Venison and Green Pea wet food . First thing I noticed was she did n't eat it as quickly or enthusiastically as other wet foods . This morning I woke up to find that she pooped in her food dish ! LOL , `` Message received ! '' , I thought to myself . Seriously , she has never done this before and has been mad at me all day.I do n't think she 's ever met a wet food she has n't liked until this . I 'm taking the rest back and will never purchase this brand again . What a shame , their website really got me to believe it was tasty , healthy food . After doing some research , found there are mentions on the web about 2 recalls recently involving Natural Balance and many others with similar complaints about cats not liking the taste.One review I read elsewhere summed it up perfectly , `` Even if this food is actually healthy , what 's the point in serving it if my cat wo n't eat it ? '' .
 The collars were great with one HUGE exception . These collars held their dimensional characteristics but , the color came out of the collar and leached onto the white-coated dogs I had them on when it rained . If you buy these , try to wash them or something to keep the color from getting on your pet 's coat . Other than that they had great hardware on them and are durable .
 I am not pleased with this product . It does emit some heat from it , but nothing that I would say is useful . I would not recommend . I was really looking forward to this item . Very dissappointed . someone else may find it to be what they are looking for . I do not find it useful , not enough heat .
 Placed order ... seller never shipped items ... after approx 1 month seller states they are refunding due to loss in mail ... seller not able to provide tracking number ... When asked if I should re-order ... no response ... Not a pleasant experience ... Consider before ordering ... Regards , K
 Our dog would n't drink the water with this item in it . We could not giveit long enough to him to see if it would help the brown spots on the grass . Also tried it in his food , but he shyed away from that as well .
 The Sky Bounce Handballs were not handballs at all . They seem to be the size of racketballs , and I did not even bother to open the package to evaluate them further when I received it . I promptly returned it for credit . Ordering this product was a waste of my time and I advise handball players not to expect the product as described by Amazon.Bernie
 I bought these for my dogs to prevent grass burns . My dogs did not like the taste of the biscuits .
 It 's possible these do work - but to see any noticeable result , I think I would have had to feed my 80 lb . dog half a box every day . These stink to high heaven , do n't seem to work , and are expensive . I 'd try another method before trying these again .
 Dogs wo n't eat ! Leave and maybe eat later . Would not buy again . Ca n't tell if it helps or not . Need to add some flavor !
 My lawn is as yellow as it was before we bought this product . My puppy does n't like the biscuits , but he eats them if I leave it on the floor for him at some point during the day . I was very disappointed and will not be purchasing this product again .
 The product pictured -LRB- peanut butter flavored -RRB- works just fine . I was sent a box that did n't indicate a flavor but had a burst that says `` with cranberry '' on the front of the box . My dog seems to like it OK , but it 's not what I thought I was ordering .
 My dog ate one of the biscuits and then refused to eat any more . Our pet store suggested a liquid `` G Whiz '' to add to the dog 's food . She likes the taste but it 's too soon to tell if the brown spots have stopped .
 I was disappointed with this purchase . 1st off , the house did not stay open in the bottom of the cage , where it was intended for . It closes , the side with the window in the image folds into the side with the door causing the house to be completely unusable . Secondly , the item did not come as pictured . In the picture there is a cute little window in the side house . The one that we received had no side window . Our 10 gallon tank has a cage topper and we ended up putting it at the very top level , right next to the food dish . It 's just the right hight to stay wedged in the open position right next to their food . I gave it 2 stars instead of one since the gerbils use it a little . They grab a bite to eat from their bowl and then run inside and eat it . Every now and then , they will take a nap inside of it as well . Still , I would not buy this again or recommend it to anyone except if you want to use it for playtime but it will not work at all in the bottom of a cage .
 This product was horrible . It was stale and dried out . I purchase these for my dog all the time . When I put one of these and one that I purchased at the Supermarket , the difference was incredible . The color everything about this product indicated it was old and stale . My dog loves these and he barely touches these . I gave him one that I purchased from the supermarket and he gobbled it up . Will never purchase this or any other product from this vender again .
 I have studied canine nutrition for the last 5 years and one of the biggest negatives I see in many commercial dog food companies is putting profit over care.In looking at ingredients in treats and food , many companies are fabulous . However , sadly , some put the cheapest ingredients that often even cause negative reactions in dogs into their products and then add flavors to make the dog want them so they continue to be bought.Ah , but do n't take my word for it.First ingredient in these ? Rice Flour . Not meat . Not whole wheat flour . Not brown rice flour . Rice flour ... bad carb , no protein , breaks down into sugar . But it gets better . Second main ingredient ? SUGAR.Let me repeat that . This contains mostly sugar.Yes they are shaped like bones and you feel like you are getting some good protein in and that they are n't like giving your pet hard candy . Naw . That 's marketing . They only contain 7 % protein and the protein source is derived from `` dried meat by product '' . In other words , meat waste.But lets go back to sugar . You could give your dog a tablespoon of sugar each day and they would crave that too . But you will also have to pay for extra tartar scrapings from your vet which are stressful to your canine companion or have a pet lose their teeth in their later years.But I 'm just getting started . 3rd ingredient ? Wheat flour . Not whole wheat flour ... processed and stripped of it 's nutriotional value . Cheaper . And of no nutritional value . Cheap.So you think the fourth ingredient must be some protein huh ? Naw , it 's Propylene Glycol.Then powdered celluloseThen sodium caseinatebut we dont want our dogs to thumb their paws up at such ingredients so natural poultry FLAVOR is then added . This is what some dog companies do , besides adding sugar , to make a product marketable ... have it TASTE to the dog like it has something they need or want in it but it just be a flavoring . Then they beg for it and owners think it 's great , buy more , and profit is good.BAD.Now then , let me sum this up with the warning under the feeding guide : `` Up to -LRB- meaning no more than -RRB- 5 sticks every week `` and `` not suitable for puppies or dogs under 5 lbs . '' Yet the jumbone mini with a yorkie on the front has these ingredients and then says not to give it to small dogs ! That is called a legal disclaimer should your dog develop issues from the feeding of this product . What more needs to be said?Yeah , you do n't have those warnings about nutritional harm when you just feed your dog some good natural treats or meat.Animal crackers or saltwater taffy would offer your dog the same taste and ingredients for the most part as these and be cheaper.I take it back . The above two would n't have as many artificial flavors and preservatives.Don ' t buy into the hype `` big meaty center `` If by `` meaty '' they mean ` sugar and cellulse '' then I agree ... I so hate seeing profit over care for companion animals.Why did I give it 1 star ? I had no choice , but afterall , If you have to go by will your dog like it ? You bet ! But they like chocolate too ... does n't mean they should eat it.I am not promoting any particular dog food or treat here ... just giving my opinion -LRB- based on 5 years of study on the subject on my part -RRB- that you may wish to avoid sugar and cheap fillers for anything going into your pet . Animals are so little and dependant upon our choices for them . And , especially if you dont brush their teeth daily as most of us do n't , giving them something filled with sugar and bad-carb flours is highly detrimental to thier livers , teeth , livers , kidneys , and full canine systems.Not to mention the artificial fillers and dried meat by products . Meat waste can have very bad things in it . It 's not suitable for human consumption -LRB- these include the parts thrown away that may be diseased or tumerous . Yes , seriously , these ARE allowed to be used in dog food . -RRB- And do n't even consider the vitamins added . When made into a processed dog food of this type , they get baked out at such high temperatures used in the processing . So consider that teeninsy bit added at the very end of the ingredient list null and void after processing.Buy em a real soup bone or give them carrots or NATURAL wet dog food or cottage cheese for a treat.Dogs do n't do well on things like this and it can cost you more in their health than the savings on buying a less expensive brand.I love em -LRB- pets -RRB- too much not to review this honestly ...
 I have studied canine nutrition for the last 5 years and one of the biggest negatives I see in many commercial dog food companies is putting profit over care.In looking at ingredients in treats and food , many companies are fabulous . However , sadly , some put the cheapest ingredients that often even cause negative reactions in dogs into their products and then add flavors to make the dog want them so they continue to be bought.Ah , but do n't take my word for it.First ingredient in these ? Rice Flour . Not meat . Not whole wheat flour . Not brown rice flour . Rice flour ... bad carb , no protein , breaks down into sugar . But it gets better . Second main ingredient ? SUGAR.Let me repeat that . This contains mostly sugar.Yes they are shaped like bones and you feel like you are getting some good protein in and that they are n't like giving your pet hard candy . Naw . That 's marketing . They only contain 7 % protein and the protein source is derived from `` dried meat by product '' . In other words , meat waste.But lets go back to sugar . You could give your dog a tablespoon of sugar each day and they would crave that too . But you will also have to pay for extra tartar scrapings from your vet which are stressful to your canine companion or have a pet lose their teeth in their later years.But I 'm just getting started . 3rd ingredient ? Wheat flour . Not whole wheat flour ... processed and stripped of it 's nutriotional value . Cheaper . And of no nutritional value . Cheap.So you think the fourth ingredient must be some protein huh ? Naw , it 's Propylene Glycol.Then powdered celluloseThen sodium caseinatebut we dont want our dogs to thumb their paws up at such ingredients so natural poultry FLAVOR is then added . This is what some dog companies do , besides adding sugar , to make a product marketable ... have it TASTE to the dog like it has something they need or want in it but it just be a flavoring . Then they beg for it and owners think it 's great , buy more , and profit is good.BAD.Now then , let me sum this up with the warning under the feeding guide : `` Up to -LRB- meaning no more than -RRB- 5 sticks every week `` and `` not suitable for puppies or dogs under 5 lbs . '' Yet the jumbone mini with a yorkie on the front has these ingredients and then says not to give it to small dogs ! That is called a legal disclaimer should your dog develop issues from the feeding of this product . What more needs to be said?Yeah , you do n't have those warnings about nutritional harm when you just feed your dog some good natural treats or meat.Animal crackers or saltwater taffy would offer your dog the same taste and ingredients for the most part as these and be cheaper.I take it back . The above two would n't have as many artificial flavors and preservatives.Don ' t buy into the hype `` big meaty center `` If by `` meaty '' they mean ` sugar and cellulse '' then I agree ... I so hate seeing profit over care for companion animals.Why did I give it 1 star ? I had no choice , but afterall , If you have to go by will your dog like it ? You bet ! But they like chocolate too ... does n't mean they should eat it.I am not promoting any particular dog food or treat here ... just giving my opinion -LRB- based on 5 years of study on the subject on my part -RRB- that you may wish to avoid sugar and cheap fillers for anything going into your pet . Animals are so little and dependant upon our choices for them . And , especially if you dont brush their teeth daily as most of us do n't , giving them something filled with sugar and bad-carb flours is highly detrimental to thier livers , teeth , livers , kidneys , and full canine systems.Not to mention the artificial fillers and dried meat by products . Meat waste can have very bad things in it . It 's not suitable for human consumption -LRB- these include the parts thrown away that may be diseased or tumerous . Yes , seriously , these ARE allowed to be used in dog food . -RRB- And do n't even consider the vitamins added . When made into a processed dog food of this type , they get baked out at such high temperatures used in the processing . So consider that teeninsy bit added at the very end of the ingredient list null and void after processing.Buy em a real soup bone or give them carrots or NATURAL wet dog food or cottage cheese for a treat.Dogs do n't do well on things like this and it can cost you more in their health than the savings on buying a less expensive brand.I love em -LRB- pets -RRB- too much not to review this honestly ...
 Gave this bone to my dog ... the next day , he would n't eat or drink anything , was lethargic , vomiting . This continued for 3 days til we took him to the vet . $ 93 & an IV later , the vet says , yep , it was the Jumbone . It completely messed up his digestive system . No more dog treats for our dog !
 I will never buy another pedigree jumbone or any other pedigree product for that matter . The jumbone made my dog very sick . He had dieria for two days from it .
 We have to Huskies and an American Eskom , and they want touch this chew , they loved the Beggin Chew , but good ole Purina stop producing them . We have tried all the other Purina chews with the exception of the Jumbone Mega Chew , they are still untuched in the back yard .
 Do not buy this product it nearly killed my dog . A piece of the `` filling '' got lodged in his small intestine requiring immediate surgery . Did not think that these would be a problem for him seeing that he is a 120lb Swiss Mountain Dog . Not safe for your pet !!!!!!
 I gave my dog her first jumbone two days ago . Since then she has been super sick , lethargic , and throwing up about 3x per day . If this does not get better tomorrow morning I will be taking her to the vet : -LRB-
 I gave my dog her first jumbone two days ago . Since then she has been super sick , lethargic , and throwing up about 3x per day . If this does not get better tomorrow morning I will be taking her to the vet : -LRB-
 Did nothing at all to relieve my dogs problem . Even though I gave him the complete contents of the bottle . No change I 'm sorry to say as I really hoped it would alleviate his discomfort .
 The number of tablets is not listed anywhere under the description until you scroll down . All of the other sellers of the product list the # of tablets under the main heading felt this was VERY misleading considering the cost is similar to the 90 count by the other sellers . This product is uncomparable in the results my small terrier has had in her arthritis . All of the other products left her limping and favoring her paw . This one allows her to be the `` terror '' she is and run and play and not think of the pain she is . Prouct is a 5 star -- the seller is a 1 star .
 I have a 10 year old medium sized dog of misc . breed that has trouble getting up with what seems to be stiffness in her hip -LRB- s -RRB- and also has swelling in her back leg joint from an old injury . I 've used almost the complete bottle and besides 2 days where she seemed to get around much better , the rest of the time has been what I would say is the same to worse than before I started her on it . I will continue the bottle until it runs out in a few days , but wo n't be buying it again . For the most part , she eats them fine , occasionally refusing , but if I make it a `` treat fest '' with the other dogs , she will get caught up in the excitement and eat them without problem .
 Length :
 I have previously purchased -LRB- several years ago -RRB- a Thermo Kitty mat that looks the same as this one . The electrical unit in the first one I first purchased is approximately the length of the fleecy cover . I was unpleasantly surprized to discover that the heating unit in the newly purchased mat is only a small square , leaving approximately 2/3rds of the total mat surface unheated . I returned it immediately and purchased a competing brand that heats the entire bed surface -LRB- or close to it -RRB- . My two arthritic and very elderly cats -LRB- 17 and 18 years old -RRB- love their heated beds and stretch out full-length . I do n't think they would be as comfortable if they had to curl up tight to get the benefit of the heated area .
 Thermo Kitty Mat -- It seems that those of us in search of a heated bed for a convalescing or elderly pet are a captive market . This unit is a case in point . The exterior shell is a zippered fleece fabric pad with a thin piece of foam folded inside . The heating unit is a simple low wattage element encased in a plastic cover . That 's it . Not only is there no thermostat control , there 's not even an on/off switch -- you have to plug/unplug the unit to turn it on or off . That 's a pretty basic design flaw . This would be a bit of a ripoff at half the price ; unfortunately , from what I can tell , it 's more the rule than the exception . Every heated pet bed I 've looked at is similarly flimsy in design and construction and outrageously overpriced . Anyway , you 've been warned ...
 The mat is 12x24 , the heating pad part is 10x10 , meaning less than half the mat is heated . But , in truth , maybe the deceptive size of the pad does n't matter , because if you hold your hand on the mat -- well , the portion the heating pad is in -- you can almost feel a slight bit of heat . Almost.Save your money .
 If you 're interested in this product , you really should take a look at the video review . I did and I ignored it . And I 'm very , very sorry that I did.I just bought our second Thermo Kitty Mat . I did it despite the very clear video review/warning about how K&H ; cheapened the product -- with the heated coil covering less than half the pad.Why did I ignore that review ? Because we already have one pad from K&H -- the ; identical pad , as it happens , that we bought a couple years ago -- and it had the coil running the entire length of the pad . I refused to believe that K&H ; would intentionally cheapen the product and not make clear to customers that the heating coil was so small.I was wrong . The pad just came . And sure enough , the heating coil covers less than half the pad . I find this not only blatantly false advertising , but I will make sure that everyone I know who is interested in purchasing this product hears about it.I find it absolutely incomprehensible that K&H ; would cheapen a previously excellent product and not disclose that the heating coil was so small in relation to the length of the pad . Yes , your cat , as ours , may love the heated part . But you 're not getting what you pay for , your cat will have a pad that 's largely unheated , and that 's wrong . Period .
 I assumed that the heating element would be roughly the same size as the bed , but it 's much smaller . I already own a pet bed this size that has a heating element which is almost the full size of the bed , and I thought that I was buying the same thing . The heating element on this is less than half the size of the bed , which seems pointless . I 'm sending it back .
 I just received the two Thermo Kitty Mats I ordered . Both are 20 '' long and both have heaters that are only about a third as long as the mat . My hefty kitty boys and I are disgusted and feel we have been cheated of our money ! Good money that could have gone to buy catnip toys and fancy tuna!The video is correct as of Jan. 12 , 2009 !
 Purchased one of these for our Greater Swiss Mountain Dog , a couple days after eating this he started vomiting and refusing food . Turns out he had to have surgery for a blockage in is small intestine . A piece of undigested jumbone was removed from his intestine . Do more research and you will find numerous cases of this . Please DO NOT BUY if you value your pet .
 I applied this product to my two dogs according to the instructions . I applied to both dogs in the house and let them out immediately so our cat would n't get any poison on him . My smaller dog must have rolled on the rug while I applied it to the larger dog . I threw the empty tubes away with all the packaging and washed my hands . I was home all morning and left for an hour to run an errand . When I returned , I found my cat twitching all over , foaming at the mouth , eyes dialated and really in bad shape . I rushed him to the vet and they immediately knew it was due to a topical flea/tick treatment containing permithrin , which is highly toxic to cats and can be lethal . They put him on an IV , gave him several injections of muscle relaxer , an injection to bring down his temperature and said there is no anticdote ... we just have to wait and see if he pulls through . I called the emergency number from Bayer and they were extremely helpful . However , they agreed that there is no anticdote and IV to try and dilute the toxin is the best mode of treatment . Luckily , my cat was fine after 24 hours at the vets on an IV . Bayer agreed that their product is highly toxic to cats but safe for dogs . I explained what had happened and because I applied the product properly and it was a fluke accident they agreed to reimburse my vet bills . Although I was happy they are taking care of the monetary damages , I hope this never happens to another cat owner . This product is far too dangerous to use if you own a cat . The tiniest little drop can kill your cat . If I had n't come home that day , I believe my cat would have been dead . I hope this helps anyone contemplating use of this product .
 This company sucks ... I never got my poster and it took along time to get my money back . They suck suck suck suck
 This is a really good product , but this price should be for the 16 0z bottle .
 Simple Solutions makes the -LRB- very useful -RRB- Male Wrap product that these are supposedly for , so it 's unbelievable that these pads are so useless . I thought these would be large flat pads that fit the wrap ; instead , these pads are just really cheap maxi pads that cover maybe a third of the `` catch '' area . For the same price you can get a much bigger pack of human incontinence pads , and they work a lot better.If these pads totally covered the catch area , were a little thinner , were made with better quality -LRB- more absorbent -RRB- material , and cost about half as much , they 'd be a winner . As it is , I have no idea what Simple Solutions was thinking putting this out .
 I have a large lab mix and these pads are not even a quarter of the size I wanted . If you have a `` large '' dog , you are better of buying the largest pads made for bladder control .
 Just go to the store and buy a bag of generic , thick maxi-pads because that 's all these are .
 These are identical to women 's maxi-pads but cost 3x as much . You 'll save money if you simply buy an economy box of maxi-pads at your local store -- a truly simply solution .
 These pads did little , purchase womens security pads , fit perfectly and does the job . These were over priced for the quality of absorbtion .
 I bought these along with a dog diaper at PetCo . Ther store manager told me NOT to buythese , because all they were women 's kotex . He was right . They are the cheapest type of kotex for a lot of money . I suggest doing what the store manager said , go buy kotex ; they are better quality and a lot cheaper !!! Do Not Buy These !!!!
 To be honest I have not bought these but who in there right mind would ? 10 pack for $ 6-7 ? I do n't think so ! My puppy came into heat , I bought the washable covers that the liners go in . Then I purchased store brand panty liners . They work great and I paid $ 2 for 70 + liners . The great thing about buying Panty pads/liners instead of these is that you can buy higher absorbency Ones , So if you 're using it for urine accidents it wo n't be as messy . Simple solution you have a great concept but way overpriced .
 I have to agree with the majority of the reviewers . These things are so small ... I had to use two of them . Looking for alternatives now .
 These are far too small for any dog larger than the one on the packaging . They are nothing more than a Stayfree maxi pad . And those are not designed for urine . I used the liners with a large full diaper wrap , for my 15 year old German Shepherd that suffers incontinence over night . I used 4 of these liners inside the diaper , yet he and his bed were saturated in the morning . You might be better off getting a package of puppy diapers to use as liners . At least they have an absorbent gel that locks in the amount of urine that a large breed dog can produce . I have had my SnuggEase Washable Dog DiaperSnuggEase Washable Dog Diaper - Two Pack - XX-Large -RRB- , for two days and have had to wash it out in as many days . The whole point of me purchasing the liners was to avoid having to do this . . live and learn I guess . Off to Petsmart for a package of puppy diapers -LRB- free shipping when you go to the store ; - p
 I used this for my 15yr old lab Bailey who has since left me sadly in October of 2011 . This was the best thing I came across to use for his little drip issue we were having . I just remodeled and I wanted to be comfortable and I wanted him to be comfortable as well . Bailey knew he had an issue as he tried constantly to clean up after himself , I started using this and he was so much happier ! Now a few pointers !! I used Poise Ultra Absorbent people pads inside and they were fantastic VS the Simple Solutions pads which sadly were terrible and a total waste of money . Simple Solution pads are just over priced expensive Kotex pads that could not handle the amount of urine that can occur unlike the Poise pads , remember this is what Poise pads are used for . You should get the ones that fit how much you dog drips so it may take some experimenting my dog was large so mine were the most absorbent I could get . Great thing is you can get them in-store and on sale almost anywhere!I bought baby wipes to wipe him down and keep him clean , remember it is the same concept as a baby wearing a diaper and sitting in it , I did n't want to risk any infection . No alcohol!Make sure you measure your dog , to tight can cause a lot of chafing !! Mine was the right size but I ended up sewing micro-fiber cloth on the elastic part where the material scrunched up as this was causing chafing behind his manly area . He was not use to anything rubbing his skin in that area and the material is pretty stiff . I had to leave it off till it healed and sadly I never had the chance to see if the microfiber would have relieved the problem . Make sure you check your dog to make sure this is not occurring due to some dogs have a higher tolerance to pain . It would be great if they could use a softer material in the elastic area . I wish they were a tad cheaper in price , I did purchase one at Petsmart and the other on Ebay for a fraction of the cost , if you do n't mind used -LRB- they are washed !! -RRB- it 's a deal ! I would recommend but def do some shopping as they are not cheap !
 My older male dog has degenerative myelopathy , a crippling , fatal disease , similar to ALS -LRB- Lou Gherig 's Disease -RRB- . Although his hind legs have been paralyzed for over a year , it was n't until recently that he became completely incontinent.Keeping him on piddle pads works during the day , because we 're there to change them and keep him dry , but at night the poor guy gets soaking wet ! When I found these , and read the description , I was hopeful that they would help.I WISH I had read the reviews!When I opened these up , I was disappointed to find that they were simply not designed to fit in the male wrap ! The male wrap needs something that 's square , to fit in the catch area . THESE , on the other hand , are shaped just like cheap , thin maxi pads , so they are both too long and too narrow!The first night we tried them was a relatively low leakage night , and yet my poor boy wound up just as wet as usual , and these had leaked out so that the washable wrap was wet as well!The second night , which was also our last , was even worse . I had put two pads in , so that the catch area was at least covered . It was a normal leakage night , and BOTH pads , as well as my dog , wound up soaking wet!These pads are just cheap fiber surrounded by a cheap , super thin paper lining . They are not particularly absorbent , and the lining winds up soaking wet , which means so will your dog !!! These things are a joke ! If all they claimed was that these are for females who are menstruating , it would n't be so bad , but claiming that these are good for incontinent dogs and for `` overnight use '' , is simply false advertising .
 Our dog liked catching the bubbles -LRB- whether they actually taste good or not I do n't know -RRB- , but the bottle you get is so tiny ! We paid $ 6 and the bottle fits in the palm of my hand ... and I 'm a girl so my hands are n't that big . They are longer lasting than regular bubbles , but all of the ones I blew popped within a minute or two . I 'd buy these again if I found them at the dollar store , but not from here or for more than a buck .
 My three dogs were not at all interested in the bubbles , I thought they were fun , but no interest from my dogs .
 This stuff makes lots of bubbles . The biggest I was able to blow was about 1-1/2 '' dia . My dog does have fun chasing them but what concerns me is the fact that the bubbles dry to a plastic like materal . This stuff sticks like supper glue to your clothes , furniture , the dogs fur , and one of the bubbles landed on one of my dogs eyes and he went nuts trying to get it off .
 My dog did n't seem to enjoy the bubbles which is strange because she is very curious about everything . The wand to blow the bubbles is really tiny and difficult to get out of the bottle .
 IF you are fortunate enough to get any bubbles out of this item , yes , your dog will go bonkers over them , and yes , they do last a very long time . But the wand is very tiny -LRB- the container must only hold an ounce or two of goo -RRB- and it is this odd `` spade '' shape . My dog got so frustrated waiting and waiting for the `` excess to drip off '' -LRB- as directed by the package -RRB- and then I 'd gently blow up -LRB- as also directed -RRB- and almost all the time nothing would happen . And she would be so disappointed and confused . I tried and tried and decided if blowing bubbles is this hard , something is wrong . So I 've sent mine back , sorry to say . I 've purchased something called Bubble Buddy from another source -LRB- Amazon carries the bubbles , but not the gadget that spews them out -RRB- and it works great . Cricket -LRB- the dog -RRB- loves the bubbles . And they are also scented for dogs-bacon , peanut butter , chicken , and one other kind I ca n't recall . I love the premise of this toy , but the execution leaves something to be desired , sorry to say .
 What a waste of money . Sure they work . But not well and not worth the cost .
 all he wanted to do is sniff the bottle of bubbles ! He did n't pay any attention to the bubbles sitting all around him , on the floor , desk , shoe , anything they landed on , they just sat there looking pretty ! These would be EXCELLENT decorations for a party , shower , or centerpiece for holidays or birthdays , because they do last a LOOOOONG time , but MY DOG did not find them very interesting . I 'll give them to my nieces .
 This product does not work . I am an experienced bubble blower , but I could not make this product blow bubbles -- in any climate condition ! NOT ONE BUBBLE!A true dissapointment ... because my little Gigi was so excited when I open the package and she knew it was something for her ... bwahhh !
 My terriers have always liked bubbles . When they were so unintested in these , I wondered if maybe they were losing their eyesight and could n't see them , but when I tasted the solution myself , it was worse than regular soap bubbles . It does blow a lot of bubbles , though .
 This is the SECOND cool pad I 've had that has ripped at the seam . I did not move it much nor was it abused in any way . If you would like for this to last longer than one summer , you will be disappointed .
 I did n't have any problem with receiving the order.My problem happened the 1st day . I put the mat down and my dog bit a hole right through it!Mty suggestion would be to put a cover over the mat so it wo n't tempt the dog to chew on the plastic . Dogs like to chew plastic things .
 A cooler ? Hardly ... it just boils in the car and is too hot to even handle much less be a bed for my dog ! It 's supposed to to be `` cooling '' for dogs outside , in the car , in the home . The maker and vendors wo n't take it back either once it 's filled with water . I do NOT recommend you buy this product ! By their own admission , the makers -LRB- Sooth Soft -RRB- , let me know that the product only cools to 5 degrees cooler than the air temperature ... if it 's 100 degrees outside , it will be 95 degrees . So unless you live up north , I do n't recommend this product ... it 's not safe for the car where it actually burnt my hand .
 I thought they were glass crystals ... they are plastic and float a bit . Not too bad but not what I wanted .
 Overpriced , Terrible Product . Took FOREVER to ship.Save your self some money and go buy a clamp lamp from Home Depot , as that 's all this product is.Can ' t close the lid to my aquarium with the light clamped on . Everything screws on so loosely , that if you barley touch it -- it all falls apart.REALLY DISAPPOINTED !
 The swivel/rotating section is limited because they are not using a sphere for the male section . It is like trying to have a square fit in a circle . This poor design limits the movement of where you can point your light or heat source . The male section should have been sphere in design , just as the female section . I am not sure if the assembler ran out of the correct parts and decided to use spare parts . Nevertheless , I was forced to swap out the incorrect part with a lamp I purchased from homedepot .
 I have THREE of these ... I use them for my turtles.I have had problems with the clamp coming loose andlamp w/bulb falling into the turtle water ... A BAD UNSAFE PRODUCT . DoNot buy.bbp okc 63 retired
 I bought that 10 inches clamp for the 250 watts infrared heat ceramic emitter -LRB- there were shown as matching -RRB- . After a year and a half -LRB- almost constantly on for my two cats sleeping area -RRB- the wire that enters the ceramic head of the clamp lamp burned inside and melted the plastic a bit so there was a short . The lamp clamp stopped working since the wire inside were corroded with the screws and as a result , no longer connected .
 the come apart far too easily . I wanted to use them for a craft , but the folded rubber band kept getting undone and the bow itself was n't knotted tight enough .
 Only last for like a month ! What the -- ! Too late to return ! Ugh ! The other lights I bought at the same time work just fine 21/2 months later !!! This product sucks !!
 Purchased multiple dog toys from Kyjen Plush Puppies for my dogs birthday . This pig was the only one that arrived and did not work . I pulled out to little strip of paper in the back of the pig that said to remove and the pig did not make any sounds . My dog was very disappointed . I even opened up the Velcro in the back and pulled out the voice box and tried to squeezed it myself with no success . Great price , but only if the item worked .
 I just got the one that is suppose to be 7x4x2 and it is more like 4x3x2 it is tiny . I am returning it as if you have a toy dog it may be the right size but my bully would choke on it .
 People , rarely do I leave a review , but I feel obligated to leave one now . This item is crap . Do NOT waste your time or money . If it were worth my time and effort , I would return this defective item for a full refund . But for $ 10 - I am not going to full with it . Instead , I will leave this review for you to think about . I received this item for a new puppy but was misled into thinking it was more than one animal . That was the first problem . The second - the item that arrived was broken . That 's right - the darn pig did not even `` pip '' , squeak , or grunt . Third - the pig is so incredibly tiny that it is laughable . We actually laughed when we realized we had been duped.Save yourself the trouble and find something else . Unless you want a good laugh ...
 I read the description and reviews and they said that the toy makes a grunting noise when thrown ... and reading this I got 2 ; one for my pup and one for a friend who just got a pup . To my disappointment neither of the toys made any noise when thrown . They would only grunt when specifically pressed at a certain spot . Also , the toy is very small ... smaller than an average person 's palm ... the make doesnt look too good either ... i like the color and the texture but thats it . I usually have good things to say about Kyjen toys but this one is not worth the $ $ !
 I am so disappointed , I feel like I was cheated ! I am shopping for the holidays , and I do shop quickly . BUT , when I look at the picture I see 5 little animals , and this is what I truly thought I was getting ! I did not feel this was unreasonable , because they state how small they are . In a store near me , the little squeaky plush toys are $ .99 ea . What you do get is a pig.Amazon , I shop with you because you are fair and give good descriptions . When I see a picture of 5 I expect five . Please change your picture to a pig only , which I never would have ordered . I see now it says something about a pig , but I have spent a lot of time and money shopping with you , and I was not usually concerned with Bait and Switch , but to me , this is exactly what this is!Buyer Beware ! This Pig Only is definitely not worth the money , and a complete disappointment!Even as I edit this review , the description has -LRB- Misc -RRB- beside it . It does not state choose ONE!As for the product itself , I ca n't really tell you . It is a Christmas Present for my 4lb . Chorkie . I can tell you , it is bigger than I thought.At your main rival , I ordered dog squeaky bones , and got 4 for a very low price . I therefore , do NOT think it is unreasonable of me to assume the same for the above toys.I ca n't even consider returning 1 item because I am disabled , and it would be impossible to spend the money and get a ride to return it .
 This is very cute . My teenage daughter who likes eeyore from Winnie the Pooh likes this . I find it hard to believe that this would last very long as a dog toy . Our dog is very gentle with stuffed animals and I did n't even give this to her for fear that it would last only a couple of minutes .
 I would not get this for your animal . I do n't think I will give this to anything . The belly of this is velcro-ed together , so I can only imagine what my dog would feel like getting that in his mouth or anywhere . It 's probably not good for a child either because if the velcro comes open , the noise maker could come out .
 This is not worth the cost , it does make sounds but if you have a chewer do n't get this . My dog is a larger dog but she is gentle with her toys now that she is older so the flimsiness of this is not so much an issue .
 This item is not worth the money . It is not durable at all . I gave it to my dog and she had it ripped to pieces in about 30 seconds .
 I somehow missed the description line that says this toy will &#34; drive dogs crazy . &#34; Thankfully the noisemaker stuffed inside was removable . Overall the toy is really small . I mean , really really small . Destroyed by my dog within a day .
 This toy fell apart immediately when my dogs played it . They had the `` hee haw '' voice mechanism ripped out of the toy right away . I had to take it away from them so one of them would n't swallow it . The toy is not durable at all . I would n't recommend it .
 when it came in the mail , did not work at all . no sound . My little dog was able to almost shred it . I would n't buy it again .
 I wish I would have seen the photo of &#34; actual size &#34; in the persons hand before ordering this . It is about the size of a mouse , so double check your idea of &#34; small dog &#34; before ordering . It is going back . I am going to have to keep a ruler handy when ordering from now on .
 Tore up on day 1 . This was smaller than expected and my boxer broke the noise maker on day 1 . Maybe got an hour or two of funny noises . Only get this if you have a little dog . I did not request a refund because I did not read specs .
 Scottie 's attention was fully focused on this toy as I unwrapped it . I took it outside where husband was sitting and said , `` I give it less than 20 seconds '' , then tossed it over to Scottie . Within the allotted timeframe , the duck 's hard quacking mechanism was broken and duck 's tail was next on his list . Like another reviewer , it was fun to watch the sheer 20 seconds of joy but the toy does not stand up to my dog . As a caution , the toy is much smaller than I expected and could be swallowed and cause a choking hazard for any but the smallest of dogs.I 've purchased other toys by this manufacturer and they have been winners . Unfortunately , this toy would do best with a small , gentle dog rather than a rough-and-tumble Scottish Terrier !
 my dog ripped it apart in 5 min but it was fun watching him kill it , would n't buy it again
 I 've used a famous corn-based litter for several years . Lately their price has gone up , & the quality has gone down . I read the reviews for this , & decided to try it . The first thing I noticed was a huge dust cloud after I poured the litter in the box . I 'm not used to ANY litter dust , & have no desire to start now . I can imagine how the dust will coat anything nearby . The next issue WAS THE SMELL . After the litter had been used for only 2 days , the house smelled like a barn . This is just gross , & I do n't understand all the good reviews .
 Did not cover the discolored leather no matter how much i would use on the section . i let it dry and re applied several times . very messy too .
 I 've never used this product before , but had a coupon so thought it would be worth trying , I looked at their site and checked to make sure that the protein was still adequate -LRB- which was 28 % -RRB- , when I got to the store , they received new bags , which is now only 22 % protein , which is not enough meat to grain ratio . Theres better options on the merket , they make cost little more , but at least you 're not getting jipped .
 Ingredients and reviews look good . However , this is the first time I 've ever found mold in my dog food . I have a specific container that I put my dog food in so it does n't get any moisture . It 's even air tight . This could be the best dog food out there , but if the quality control is bad , I wo n't be buying it . I 'll add pictures of the mold or whatever is growing on the dog food.Update : So when I placed my initial order , there were two bags . The first bag had the stated problem and was tossed but I did n't have any other dog food on me at the time so I went ahead and opened the second bag . I kept a closer eye on it this time and it 's been close to two months and I 've not had any problems . My dog 's fur seems to be in good shape and he 's very active . Because of the horrible experience with the first bag , I still have to give this product a low rating and will stick with other brands . If there 's not QC issues though , this would be a very good brand to try .
 We discovered in puppyhood that our boxer was allergic to chicken , beef and pork and had to be restricted to a fish - and vegetable-based diet . He has been on the veterinarian-recommended Eagle Pack anchovy , etc. fish-only dry food for eight years ... his entire life , and with fabulous results . We noticed recently that his allergies were acting up . I just sat down to order another 30-lb . bag and while price-comparing , the ingredients list caught my eye
 We have a corgi and this kibble is one of the only two things that the breeder recommended . Unfortunately our dog does not like this food . He would NEVER eat a pellet on its own . We always have to mix it with real food and even then he sometimes refuses to eat it . On top of that none of the pet shops in our area carry this food so overall big PITA.We are still ordering from Amazon but looking for an alternative .
 Was expecting more with the high price but my dog barely touched this , and when he did eat it he would have food allergies
 I have been feeding this brand to my bulldogs for 2 years . Petco stop carring it , so I have been buying from Amazon . I buy two 30lb bags at a time . . I never thougth it would make by bulldogs sick . I stop feeding them from that bag , and opened the new one after I had taken them to the vet and they eventually got better . I ran out of the 2nd bag so I put them back on original bag , and they started vomiting again . . It 's hard to see my pupps so sick , and do n't know if I should keep buying this brand .
 I want to be clear , I am not speaking of nor picking on just this one product , but like most dog foods out there that have these lovely names , `` Holistic '' , ` Natural ' , ` Healthy ' , etc , there is usually nothing to back up claims of being healthier nor of better quality than the less expensive brands . The ingredients often are the same as most other dog foods , comprised of substances of the poorest quality , including ingredients that are not even considered food . ` Made with chicken ' can mean as low as 3 % chicken legally . Generally , only meats totally unable to be used for any other purpose at all are added to dog foods , and often includes feces , talons , feathers , hide , teeth , tumors and worse . Many of these poor grade and disgusting ` meats ' are also then soaked in chemicals before being added to dog foods , the FDA 's great idea to keep the meat from actually being used in ` people ' food -- but I doubt you want your dog 's food soaked in chemicals . People truly love their pets , and for some of us , it 's all the family we have or certainly the ones that seem to understand us best . I 'm working on a recipe that will work well for my dogs , human-grade . In days gone by , we raised our ` mutts ' often on just left over table scraps and they flourished ... because they were getting ` people grade ' food . If you use canned dog food , smell the opened , refrigerated can on day 2,3 or 4 -- if it smells good , you will know . If not it 's rancid -- bad , spoiled , musty . We feed organic dog food now , not much more $ $ but I do n't ` trust ' any of them , & try to make sure it 's not from China or anywhere but the USA , and I keep an eye on ingredients and smell regularly , and I rotate . Even those with added supplements and vitamins may use those that are useless , poor quality that are not absorbed.Manufacturers preserve with either synthetic or `` natural '' preservatives . Synthetic preservatives include butylated hydroxyanisole -LRB- BHA -RRB- and butylated hydroxytoluene -LRB- BHT -RRB- , propyl gallate , propylene glycol -LRB- also used as a less-toxic version of automotive antifreeze -RRB- , and ethoxyquin . There is little information documenting their toxicity , safety , interactions , or chronic use in pet foods that may be eaten every day for the life of the animal . Propylene glycol was banned in cat food because it causes anemia in cats , but it is still allowed in dog food.Potentially cancer-causing agents such as BHT or BHA , and ethoxyquin is permitted at some levels . The use of these chemicals in pet foods has not been thoroughly studied , and long term build-up of these agents may ultimately be very harmful . July 1997 the FDA 's Center for Veterinary Medicine requested that manufacturers voluntarily reduce in half the maximum level of ethoxyquin by half . Some pet food critics and veterinarians believe that ethoxyquin is a major cause of disease , skin problems , and infertility in dogs . Hey , who loves my pets more , me or these companies ? Hmmm ?
 I used this product today and I also returned it today . This has the most horrible taste ever and it took me over an hour to get the taste out of my mouth even with using mouthwash . This spray gets into the air and you breathe it in which in return gets into your mouth . Sorry but its not worth the taste in my opinion . I would rather replace everything in my house than to keep using this spray and having to deal with the taste which says a lot.Now on to the product as far as my puppy goes . My puppy did not seem to mind the spray . She was still right there at the place where I sprayed it at chewing . It may work for some pet owners but just not for me.Even if the product would of worked as far as my pup goes I would of returned it due to the taste it has.I traded this product in for the sour apple as it has better reviews and no bad taste for the human owners.Please use at your own risk and do not breathe in as you are spraying it .
 I have a dog -LRB- Shiba Inu breed -RRB- . We were having problems with her chewing into the wall , molding , and wooden fence in the back yard . I applied this product as instructed and it did n't deter her at all . In fact she just licked it up and continued to chew on whatever it was . Some of this dribbled on my finger when spraying so I was curious how bad it actually tasted . I 'll give it to them that it is bitter and tastes horrendous but fact of the matter is that it did not do what it is supposed to do in the slightest . It just does n't work and is a waste of money .
 Have a 2 year old neutered male indoor rescue cat who was eating my -LRB- non-toxic -RRB- live plants . Tried using this spray on the leaves and stems since it supposedly was safe for use on plants and nontoxic to pets and humans . Had absolutely no effect whatsoever on deterring my cat . I would kiss his nose and get the horrid taste of the spray in my own mouth -- it was all over his face from his continued chewing on the plants , which continue to show freshly chewed areas . Only deterrent effect was on ME . Do not waste your money . Going to try Bitter Apple next .
 when i got the product it was taped down and leaking everywhere . The product itself is n't bad but is cheaper if you go to the store and its not damaged .
 We sprayed this on the wood railings around our deck . It did n't stop our labradoodle puppy from chewing at all .
 I told my mom to purchase grannick 's bitter apple for her yorkie that has decided that chewing electrical cords was a better idea than his kong and plush toys . she asked a rep at petco for something to stop chewing because she could n't remember what i told her to get and the rep gave her this . We decided to test it on a piece of cardboard first . two spritzes , one to the front and back . we gave it to the yorkie and he played with it all around the house ! not a minute later my mother and i were gagging and choking from the strong odor in the air and disgusting taste in our mouths . i literally felt sick and threw up from it . we both brushed our teeth and rinsed with mouthwash but the taste was still there ! it took about 8-10 minutes before the scent cleared the air . after washing our hands five times each the taste is still on our hands and i can still taste a hint of it if i lick my lips . we 'll be returning this immediately to petco with gloves on . if i could give this lower than a 1 star i would .
 Do yourself a favor and do n't spend your money on NaturVet Bitter Yuck No Chew Spray . My wife and I recently purchased this to keep our puppy from chewing on the carpet . It was n't a big problem yet , but we wanted to prevent the worst . The day after we sprayed around the edges of our carpet we left our puppy alone for a couple of hours in the house . We came home to a chewed up carpet . She chewed up a patch , six inches by four inches in the exact same place were we sprayed this thought to be No Chew Spray.To make matters worst we caught her chewing on a different area of the carpet that was sprayed also . What is this `` Lamb '' flavored no chew spray.Don ' t buy this product and please report non-working products to your favorite pet stores .
 I tested the product like the bottle said and it seemed like the pups were not going to like it once it absorbed into their mouths but the next day one of my pups decided to go ahead and chew the outdoor carpet that I had sprayed and then she threw up , drooled and had diarrhea .
 We have three dogs
 Purchased this for a cat that needs to stop licking himself for medical reasons . I was suspicious since the ingredients are water , baking soda , and rosemary -LRB- my cats actually like the smell of rosemary -RRB- , but I wanted to try something natural.I applied the spray to the cat 's fur and he promptly licked himself , paused , and then continued licking himself . I , however , got some of the liquid on my hand and later in the night touched my lips . Regretted that inadvertent action for the remainder of the night due to the lingering taste on my lips and tongue.The cat has continued to lick himself in the area of application and actually spends even more time grooming himself now.I am returning the product for `` bitter apple '' , which is more effective .
 I ca n't recommend this product at all . I bought it to stop my cat from eating cut flowers . After spraying the flowers my cat jumped right on the table and started chewing -- he was n't bothered at all . Meanwhile , I had the grossest taste in my mouth from the spray being in the air . Within a minute of spraying this my kids -LRB- who were in another room -RRB- began to complain of a nasty taste in the air . Even now , a week after using the product , I still get hints of it -- it seems to be coating every surface in the house and anytime I touch something it clings to my hands . Definitely not recommended ! I 've used a bitter apple spray with great results . Only bought this because the shop was out of bitter apple and the sales person told me this was `` about the same '' . It 's not !
 Sprayed it on the newspaper in the driveway & let destructor-dog out . Five minutes late newspaper was all over the yard & I was still trying to get the bitter taste off my fingers . Waste of time and money .
 I ca n't say the if the product does or does n't work , I can only tell you our experience with Bitter Yuck and our dog . Below is my experience with the product.My dog had surgery and wore an e-collar for a few months so she would be more comfortable and not disturb the area that was healed . Upon the vet 's suggestion we purchased Bitter Yuck . A few hours after administering the first dose we fed our dog her dinner ; within a few hours she threw up . She threw up the next morning as well . We had not correlated that the vomiting was related to the Bitter Yuck so we applied it again that evening . The next morning she threw up again . At that point , I called the vet and spoke with them as I realized it might be this product . The vet concurred ; saying the taste of the product is bad and might make my dog feel queasy . I was not worried about the product per se as I knew it was not toxic . I took my dog to the vet -- and she was slightly dehydrated . I told the vet I shampooed my dog 's leg to take the product off and she explained that it is difficult to wash off -- the taste would be there for a while . My dog is now on a few meds , the product has not been used for 3 days , and she is still vomiting . The e-collar was working just fine ; I wish I 'd never listened to the vet.My dog was sensitive to this product and it 's use proved to be at much too great an expense to her health . I would never have used something like this to prevent a certain behavior on my human child and I should never have used this on my 4-legged child ! She is equally important and loved by our family!I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this stuff to keep our puppy from chewing on furniture around the house . It was meant to replace another product we had purchased at PetSmart that worked fairly well -LRB- but whose name I can not recall -RRB- . I swear this stuff has the exact opposite effect as intended.I came home from work one day to find a new chewed spot in the cats condo . Oh well , at least it was n't our nice couch , right ? So I sprayed some on as a deterrent for future chewings . Came home the next day to find the spot had grown larger . I sprayed more on and even sprayed parts that had n't been chewed yet . Next day , once again more chewed spots and even on the places I sprayed that had n't been chewed before . Maybe it 's the condo itself , I foolishly think.Later , I catch our dog beginning to gnaw on the bottom-most corner of the railing at the top of our stairs . So I spray some more on thinking surely it must help here . Oh no ! I wake up at 5am to the sound of chewing and find our dog going wild on our stairs and our wall . WTF , Mate ? Really not wanting this to continue and now suspecting this product does not work as advertised , I decided instead to try some Tabasco Sauce . Now that stuff works ! Sure , it stung my hand thanks to a hangnail and sure , my house now a smell reminiscent of a Mexican restaurant but , damn , if that sauce did n't work 100 % better than Bitter Yuck . So the dog had moved on to chewing other parts of the wall now , but at least it 's not because she likes the taste of Bitter Yuck .
 Which is not a good thing . I purchased this product as I have a teething puppy who is chewing everything she can fit into her mouth . I was hoping Bitter Yuck would discourage some of the chewing , but I was finding that it was n't . So to test it further I spayed a healthy puddle of it in the palm of my hand . The puppy went crazy over it and licked my palm clean . I called my adult dog over and the result was the same . He loved it as well . I tried a similar product -LRB- also water based -RRB- called Phooey . Both dogs went nuts over this product as well licking my palm clean . Lastly I tried some Bitter Apple . This one they did n't like at all , but dogs took a lick and pulled their heads back in disgust.While a nice concept , Bitter Yuck instead is an attractant and a treat . It encourages the exact behaviors it is marketed to prevent . At least with my two dogs , YMMV .
 Do not spray in air or on human skin . It is very difficult to remove odor , taste from hands , mouth , and anything you touch.The only thing I found to remove it from my hands was `` Black Jack Asphalt & Tar Remover '' found at Lowes or Home Depot.It claims to be gentle on skin and IT IS !!!! You can use it on clothes , tools , fabric , skin and hair . VOC compliant . Biodegradable , and 100 % organic . I 'm extremely allergic to all chemical , odors . Fortunately , I have a knowledgeable husband .
 I 've heard from plenty of other people that this worked for their animals ... but it did n't work for my dog . After we sprayed the things that we did n't want her to chew on , she would chew on the sprayed items !!
 Do n't even waste your time . This item is also a waste . My pup actually likes the taste .
 This stuff does not work as described , my cat actually enjoys the flavor and licks the stuff off my hand ... it doesnt stop him from biting at all
 My dog has a habbit of biting my feet , and stealing pillows . I continuously sprayed this item like they said , and he continues to chew and bite .
 We bought this because we have a cat that literally chews like a dog . She has chewed through the cables to a webcam , cables for computer speakers , cables on three sets of headphones , a cell phone charger cable , the cable on my iPod earbuds , a corded BlackBerry earpiece , and the cables on three Wii remote sensors . Maybe she has a thing against music , cell phone talking , and Mario . Anyway , I bought this at PetSmart , and the bottle looks the same except the label has a cat on it . I promptly sprayed it all over the different cords and cables and found out that it was well-named when I inhaled some of it.However , the cat went on chewing totally undeterred . Maybe it 's because cats ' senses of smell are better than taste . Like other posters have said , it lingers on whatever it is sprayed on for days , and washing your hands afterward does n't always work . It is best used when standing upwind from it , as I quickly learned.What I found did work for my cat was anything citrusy . Cats usually hate citrus and putting some citrus essential oils diluted in water around my house did the trick .
 I have never written a review on Amazon before but after experiencing the horrible scent , gagging , and ultimately violent vomiting from just having inhaled some of this product I feel morally obligated to warn everyone against it . My puppy has licked but stopped chewing the 2 household items I sprayed this stuff on but the lingering , vomit-inducing scent is n't worth it . wow .
 Sprayed it on my cat to get him to stop licking . He promptly went back to licking . He was n't phased at all.The stuff is impossible to get off of my own hands and you do end up tasting it in the air when you spray it . Nasty stuff .
 I sprayed this on my houseplants and the cat still likes to chew on it . The dog does too . Just to test it out , I sprayed it on a treat and the cat still ate it all up . To be fair , I got some in my mouth and it was truly vile tasting and I could n't wash it out fast enough.So if you want to prevent humans from chewing on things I guess that 's what you can this for ; if you want to prevent your pets from chewing up your plants then look somewhere else .
 I recently adopted a 10-month old cockapoo puppy who despite having lots of good chew toys and physical activity would rather chew my things . In particular he had eaten a chunk out of my composite wood trim as well as chunks out of my pillow shams and duvet cover . My solution has been to watch him like a hawk and discipline him or distract him everytime he would try to chew on something that was not his . However , this had become really draining and I felt bad about constantly having to redirect him.After reading many product labels I picked this one primarily because it said it would not stain fabrics and also because it claimed to be no stinging . I have since used about half the bottle spraying down everything from my bed linens to my furniture to my wood trim and cabinets . At first I thought it was working because when my dog went to lick my comforter he seemed to acknowledge the taste . However , he has since continued to lick and chew as if nothing was done . I have continued to spray in the hopes I have just missed a spot , but am starting to doubt this is the case . Worst of all , it seems more likely to bother me than my dog . Anytime I touch a surface that is sprayed -LRB- even if it has had time to dry -RRB- I end up tasting it later when I eat food with my hands . I have also found that if I spray a large quantity of it at a time I end up tasting it in the air . Yuck.I am hoping that this is just a puppy phase and something that can be addressed using the training classes we will be attending , but if someone else has another solution I would appreciate it . I am also open to trying other spray products if someone has found something that works better . Just leave a note as a comment to this review . Thanks!As a follow up
 i spray it on the rug and let it drop the 1st time i use it , it lasted for 2 days before the dogs chewed up , i tried to just spay on another and put it out right away , toke my dogs 10 minutes before they got to it also .
 We used this to try to keep our pet rats from chewing the plastic parts of their cage . We applied it every two days and it did n't deter them at all . We now have an all metal cage .
 this is not worth it . it did not work !!! we have a ten week old puppy and we sprayed it on the wall and he smelt it and started chewing the wall . the spray also affected our breathing . do not breathe it in !!!
 This product did not work for my dog . She continued to chew ! I think she liked it ! So I did not like it and find Yuck to be YUCKY !!
 Have a cat that chews on your fingers , wires , toys , or other things that they are n't supposed too ? Well I can honestly say that this product is n't for you ! Your cat will lick this foul spray , pause , and continue on with his nomming of your personal belongings.But wait , every time you use this disgusting liquid , an odorless spray will permeate through the air right into your nasal passage and mouth ! Like bitter tasting yuk ? Well , great ! Because you 'll be tasting it for hours and hours ! Wash those hands and then wash them several more times!If a nonplussed cat and a noxious odor on your lips is n't enough to deter you from this product , I suggest using it for a far more sinister threat.KIDS . Once tasting this stuff , they wont touch or eat anything you spray it with . So if you DO buy this and do n't follow through with the brands 100 % money back guarantee , then have some fun with it -LRB- at your child 's expense -RRB- .
 I have a very `` busy '' 5 month old kitten.She is into anything she can reach , plays with or chews anything hanging , and defies me when I say no.The long wand that controls my blinds is her newest challenge . She licks where I applied Bitter Apple and likes the taste.I just applied Bitter Yuck , and tasted it to see what it was like ... BIG Mistake ! I managed to get rid of the taste in my mouth with vinegar . However , that did not get rid of the taste where it got on my fingers.I tried vinegar , and clorine bleach and I can still taste the bitterness , if I lick my fingers ! -LRB- Yes I know , that sounds dumb ! -RRB- I worry that I can spread it to any food or item that I touch!Or if she licks my fingers.I do n't want her to be afraid to come near me.Can anyone give me help with this?Susies `` mom ''
 It only deters the animal -LRB- cat or dog -RRB- for the first 1/2 hour then dissipates to no effect . One of my dogs actually likes the taste !
 This is a very very bitter 5 % rosemary extract . I touched it with my fingertip and then touched my tongue ... I took me a while to get even that tiny amount out of my mouth . So far so good.I 've then applied a good amount of that spray to my MacBook Pro charger cable , which our 12 week old kittens like to try their little teeth on . Seconds after applying it , they started to lick it right off the cable ... Well , at least they were not chewing on the cable - for that moment.Result
 Bought a bottle of this a little over a year ago when our first beagle was going through her chew phase -LRB- a year later we 've got a second beagle who 's at the same point -RRB- . The stuff tastes terrible . Occasionally when using it I 'd somehow manage to get it into my mouth and it tastes kind of like ... tires.But it did n't really stop our dogs from chewing on things . In fact , I remember one time where I sprayed some on a shoe and our beag went right over and resumed chewing on it . She made some strange faces and kind of smushed her mouth around oddly after I took the shoe away , so I think she NOTICED the taste , but it certainly did n't stop her from chewing.I 'm giving it two stars just because I think it might discourage chewing , though I 've little evidence of this .
 The title should explain this product effectiveness , it does not work . Used this product for a 7 week old puppy to stop chewing up a part of the carpet . Did not work .
 My cat got spayed and would not stop chewing/licking . The pet store said this would be a good alternative to an E Collar . I hate the collars so I wanted to try this . It was about $ 7 . Let 's just say my cat almost seems MORE attracted to her spay site now -LRB- I applied it with Q-tips to ensure I did n't get any in her wound -RRB- , and she then licked the Q-tips afterward . I , on the other hand , can not get the taste out of my own mouth and I washed my hands after using it . BLECH ! Works great on humans , awful for my cat ! What a waste !
 I bought this stuff and my dog did n't act like anything was different it still chewed on everything and worse this stuff leaves a smell that is very unpleasent even though it claims it does n't .
 Had to share this , as I could do nothing but laugh . I ordered this to spray on `` Sticky Paws '' that I put on the furniture to stop the cats from clawing . One of my cats LOVES the sticky stuff , and chews it off . So the Bitters seemed to be the solution . Put new ` Sticky Paws '' on couch , cat came immediately to inspect same . I said ` hah , I 've got you now ! '' Then watched as she proceeded to lick off -LRB- and seemingly enjoy -RRB- the bitters and remove the sitcky stuff .
 We had a hard time getting the harness on the rabbit , and then when we finally did , he managed to get his front legs out of it . Once we got it all settled , we kept the harness on him for awhile and he chewed through it .
 My dog Maddi took this thing apart in less than 30 minutes . I turned my back and the next thing I knew the yellow was coming off and the squeeker was out . Too bad ... I was really hoping that Kong 's other toys would be something like the rubber ones . They 're not . I bought sixty bucks worth of Kong toys today . Maddi 's working on the Wubba now . We 'll see how it does . Oh ... nope ... the stuffing is coming out of the head already . Not even five minutes . I bought 'em at Petsmart ... they 'll take 'em back tomorrow .
 The Air Kong Squeaker Donut is our Welsh Cardigan Corgi 's favorite interactive toy . He prefers chasing his donut to chasing tennis balls and Frisbees . He typically waits for us to retrieve any tossed tennis balls he misses and he has trouble carrying back Frisbees due to his short legs . But he returns almost all donuts tossed to him -LRB- whether caught or not -RRB- , which makes the play sessions as much fun for his human family members as it is for him.Update - January 2012Well , our last batch of 3 was just very bad . Each of them lasted 3 weeks . I put some photos up on the main page of the product . What used to be a very tough toy is now a joke . Sad , because my dog loves this toy . But I can not afford to buy a new one every three weeks . And this is playing for 20 minutes a day , being supervised , so my dog is just catching the donut and bringing it to me , not lying around chewing it.I contacted Kong , but no response .
 The product I received reeked like tires and was made in China , not the USA as advertised.Returning product .
 My dog has tennis balls and does not destroy them , however this toy was no good in 5 minutes . He found the squeaker and pulled it out and the fabric around where the squeaker was inserted . I contacted Kong products and they offered to send some coupons and they have not done so yet and it has been 4 weeks . Not a great toy !
 I do n't know how much I paid for this toy but they should have paid me to take it . When I took it out of the shipping carton the dogs -LRB- 3 Labs -RRB- loved it so much . The first thing they did was proceed to denude it of the felt covering . The they decided to play tug of war and break it in two . Then they started making little pieces all over the rug . One day and it was no more . Maybe your experience will be more satisfying .
 Kong is typically a great brand of durable dog toys . This particular toy however , did not hold up to my expectations . This was purchased for a year and a half old Vizsla with hopes that she could play with it for at least a few weeks before breaking through the barrier and removing the squeaker . She opened it for Christmas Eve and had the squeaker out before bed . I think we will be purchasing more Wubbas .
 Very disappointed , I thought Kong toys were supposed to be the best . My labrador destroyed the squeeker -LRB- which she actually loves -RRB- within 30 minutes of being given this toy . The very next to go is the fur on the outside , it did n't take long and was n't hard for her to do . I gave it 2 stars because it did provide her some entertainment but this toy is not for avid chewers .
 This toy is okay , but I 've found the Pet Buddies version to be more durable.Pet Buddies PB1907 Plushy Tube
 Since this is a Kong , I was hoping it would be a bit sturdier . My mid-sized mutt had this torn into pieces within just a few minutes of play . Cheap tennis balls last longer . Stick with the classic Kong toys if you have a chewer .
 Our Lab spent less than five minutes with this toy , and it was ruined . Squeaker quit when the ring leaked air , the yellow tennis ball fuzz pulls off , and this toy is useless . Kong rubber toys are great , but this one was absolute worthless .
 Our puppy chewed off the yellow exterior fabric the first week . The whistle was pulled out the second week . I should have read the previous reviews .
 it works fine but i wish it had different type of snaps on it , i live in sandy area and they pack with sand and i can not get them open . also the plastic coating on the cable cracks easily . now it is like many short pieces of coating that are rough on your hands when you run cable through to get to snap . knots failry easily and i have no idea how the dog did that !
 This tie out is not the red color that is pictured . The one that came is bright neon orange and the clasps were peeling some sort of silver material that covers them before I even put it out . Also this is probably fine for my 25lb dog but this cable is thin like I would expect for a small dog not a large one . I was not impressed with the bright neon orange color or the cheap coating on the metal . I will be surprised if this lasts me more than a few months.Note
 Scatmat worked for a couple of months and then just quit working . It was too expensive and not worth the money !! They only allow refunds for 30 days ... within 3 months the scatmat completely quit working . I have changed batteries numerous times to no avail . Do n't waste your money !
 This power adapter is not compatible with the large scat mat that is also sold by amazon.com . I have another scat mat that has a different control and it has a place on it to plug the power adapter into . The control on the large scat mat is different and has no place to plug in the adapter . It can only be used with batteries .
 This AC adapter does n't fit all scat mats regardless of the product description . It does n't fit the 60 x 12 mat . BEWARE .
 the scat mat works perfectly well with batteries we got the power adapter so that we would n't have to spend money on and change batteries but when we use the adapter and plug it in the scat mat continually goes off even when not being touched by anything
 The scatmat 's control box is NOT designed to accommodate a power cord of any kind . It takes 9V batteries only . I do n't know why Amazon is wasting peoples ' time with this .
 It was recommended as a purchase in tandem with the 48x20 mat . It came weeks before the mat , at which point we tried to figure out how it worked and have concluded it simply does n't fit together in any way . Went on to return it , but since the adapter came weeks before the mat , the return window expired * yesterday * . Now I have a useless power adapter . Anybody want one ?
 We have so many of these mats that I thought adaptors would be a great way to save on batteries , but our 48x20 scat mat also went off every minute or two when used with the adaptor . The clicking would drive us crazy . The mats are against a wall and no one went anywhere near them . I bought both a 48x20 extension mat and the adaptor from Amazon at the same time , before the reviewer who says he had a similar problem had posted . I did n't know whether it was the extension or the adaptor at the time and was afraid it was going to zap out both mats because the adaptor was extremely hot where it was plugged into the wall .
 Do n't buy this . It makes the mat activate on its own every few seconds . The mat works fine with batteries , and although I 'd much rather not waste batteries , this power adapter is no good . Amazon should n't be selling it . On the positive side , Amazon is paying for shipping on my return .
 I bought the adapter to avoid buying and disposing of batteries ; like several of the other reviewers here I found that when I use the adapter the mat constantly goes off and makes a clicking sound the entire time , even though there is nothing touching the mat . I gave it 1 star because at the moment it still does provide power to the mat but I wonder how constantly misfiring the powerpack will affect the unit over time . Gave a second star because I think the kitty now actually avoids the mat because of the noise . Stays at two stars because I found that clicking sound going off every few seconds very annoying and for the fact that this is NOT how the unit is supposed to work . I will be calling the manufacturer to see what can be done about this since it was purchased more than 30 days ago and will update with the result.Update
 Bought this for the ScatMatt Training Strip but it does n't work with it . Amazon did send me a refund UPS label but what a waste of time !
 This was a waste of money . The battery pack is all you need and the cord is just a wasted addition and useless purchase .
 I am certain that this will be a good birdcage once I get it put together -- IF I EVER DO.The company does not provide instructions to assemble . I saw that in previous reviews and figured - `` eh , how hard can it be to put together a birdcage ? `` It is EXTREMELY difficult and non-intuitive . You 're flying blind.Neither the company that manufactured the product -LRB- YML -RRB- or the company that is re-distributing it in cheap ripped-up cardboard packaging -LRB- Xtreme Cages aka Desmond Pet Depot -RRB- has any website presence to explain how to put this together.If you call the manufacturer via the 800 number on the side of the box ... once you wheedle your way past the language barrier ... they will tell you flat out - they do n't HAVE assembly instructions . And these are the people who made it!They will also tell you to call the distributor . Good luck finding that number . No links to Desmond Pet Depot or Xtreme Cages online . No phone number , and emails to them are ignored.Caveat emptor . You paid a low price , and you 're left swinging in the wind . This is one of those purchases that makes me wish there was a LOWER rating than one star to signal my extreme dissatisfaction.It has also shaken my faith in Amazon to the core . They have been apprised of this exact problem in reviews previous to mine . Why are they allowing companies that have ZERO followup customer service to hawk their wares on Amazon ?
 I have an Old English Sheepdog , Jasper , who is prone to ear infections and is allergic to California native grasses -LRB- yes , a dog allergic to grass ! -RRB- . We first used this product per a vet recommendation and it ended up irritating her ears -LRB- making them more red and itchy -RRB- . So , the vet suggested Virbac Epi-Otic and that seems to make Jasper much happier . Some other reviewers suggest soaking a cotton ball and squeezing the solution out into the ear canal as more tolerable for the dog than squeezing it into her ear canal -- I 'm going to try that out because Jasper definitely does n't like having the bottle squeezed anywhere near her ear . My vet also recommended that you do n't have to worry about putting a decent quantity into the ear canal and then you should massage the ear to give the solution a chance to break up the debris in the ear before you let the dog shake it out or if you wipe out the ear canal with a paper towel -LRB- big dogs -RRB- .
 Did n't realize we were ordering a used product . And it 's hard to believe that I would be sent a half full/empty bottle ! Dissapointed is putting it lightly .
 I 've had glass water bottles before and never had a problem . When I got mine , though , I was disappointed . There was a small plastic floater inside the glass bottle , and try as I may , I could n't get it out . I know people who buy glass bottles typically do so because animals will chew on them and that can be bad for their health , however , the toxins in plastic can leech out into water , so having any plastic prolonged direct contact with water is a bad idea . Most people probably are n't worried about one tiny floater , and because this is only my rabbits travel bottle I 'm not too concerned . But if the product description had said there was a floater then I would n't have bought this product .
 Something I did not know before buying this item
 Yes , it was my fault for not looking closely at the size of the bag , but this is $ 19.99 in the stores and the 11 lb . bag is $ 40-ish . Fool me once , shame on me but shame on you for overpricing a product .
 Having seen the TV adds for Blue Buffalo pet foods I was very optimistic to try this for my adult cat . She is very finicky , preferring canned shredded meat to dry food though she will nibble on food like some major brand Cat Chow during the day . So , I ordered a bag of this and she hardly touches it . If I offer it her in the morning and then fresh servings at lunch and dinner , she barely nibbles at it and sits by her bowl and mews . Usually it 's not until close to dinner time when she ; ll actually start nibbling on this . I was very disappointed because I really liked the health benefits for he but if she wo n't eat it then that really dos her no goof . I will have to try the wilderness variety next .
 My cats would not even touch the stuff . Not one of my 3 cats would go near it , not even Mr. Piggy . Which is a shame , since it means this $ 20 item is going into the wastebasket .
 I groom professionally , and I ordered this comb as a cheap temporary replacement for a professional -LRB- metal -RRB- comb , until the professional one I really wanted was back in stock . To put it simply , I used this comb a total of three times before I got fed up and asked to borrow one of my coworkers combs until I could get a better replacement . This comb is flimsy , and it does n't penetrate nearly as well as a real grooming comb . At all . If anything , I think it 's more painful for the dog too , because it has too much bend and give , making it snag and pull too easy instead of going straight through the hair . For LESS money , you can buy a metal/durable comb that will not only last longer , but will be easier to use , and less of a strain on your poor dog . I recommend a stainless steel comb from safari , if you 're looking for an inexpensive , yet fantastic comb -LRB- I believe it 's 6.99 , which makes it cheaper than these plastic/crappy bamboo ones -RRB- .
 Nothing to say except it was not the item I ordered . They are balls and they are round , that is about as close as they are to what they were supposed to be and no resemblance to the picture . Probably just picked them off the shelf and shipped them because I had to follow up 2 days later to see why they had not shipped already .
 We bought this and put it together . It is SO low to the ground . Our parrot has had the bottom of his cage at least 3 feet off the floor for 30 years . Also the demensions stated were not for the actual cage , so it was really not tall enough . the measurements were for the total height . We tried to exchange , but were told you can not exchange with a bank card ? So now other things have come up and our bird is still in his old cage .
 After trying vinegar , oils , and Excel Ear solution , nothing worked . I used vinegar and oil everyday for about a month -LRB- my poor cats smelled like a salad the whole time -RRB- there was no difference.Next I used Excel for about 2 months , it helped a little but I had to stop using it because my cats hated it ! They were in pain every time I applied it . I think it burned them . My one kitty 's pink ears became bright red for 2 days every time I used Excel . It was n't worth it to me to put them through extra pain when very little was being accomplished.Finally I decided to try boric acid . For those who are alarmed , I 'd just like to tell you to do your own research on Boric acid . Yes , it 's used as an insecticide but it is virtually harmless to mammals . It 's about as harmful as salt . Also , I learned that boric acid is commonly used for medicinal purposes -LRB- wiki it ! -RRB- . I mixed a cup of water to about 1 teaspoon of boric acid , shook it up really well and used a cotton ball to apply it . I kept it in a lidded plastic container so I wouldnt have to keep making it over again . For the first week I applied the solution every other day . For the second week i applied it every 2-3 days . By week 3 there is barely any signs of the trademark `` coffee grounds '' specks but i will continue to apply it 1-2 times a week for another month .
 My dog is only a 20 # Daschund and within just a few times of using this frisbee it was ripped in half . I was n't happy with the quality , as I thought it would have held up better than that .
 I wished this product was more sturdy . My dog chewed pieces off of it within of few minutes of playing with it .
 My medium sized springer had this chewed apart in a day . Poor quality.Price is OK for the product you get but I 'd spend more for better quality product.Delivery time was great though .
 I 've been looking for a RED ball for my son 's westi and when I saw the picture of a red ball I ordered it and received a purple ball . If the dog can tell the difference I was hoping the vender could too .
 My Puppy Lab did chew this toy apart with in 15 minutes . But she had fun going it . So one star for this product .
 I assumed this product would `` magically erase '' pet hair or at least have the pet hair stick to the pet eraser with few motions , which it did neither . After several -LRB- read
 I do not think that this helps me get my furniture any cleaner than just using my vacuum with an attachment . If you have a lot of pet hair , of course this will help , but it 's not going to get it clean down to the upholstery . If you push too hard , the sponge starts to flake off leaving another mess to clean up . I 've gone back to just using my vacuum and a sticky lint brush for cleaning up my cat 's favorite chair !
 I am hoping to use this product for some other chore -- like dusting . Perhaps it works with longer hair pets.In the case of my short haired Chihuahua , almost nada!The hair doggedly stays on the sofa , stays on me.I am considering a pet vacuum because doggietape does not work well , either .
 This product may be good for spotty problems . But , I have a white cat that sheds allot and on my dark colored shirts & jackets the hair is like a magnet . If you get lots of hair on your clothes this product has very little value . But then again nothing works that well on cat hair . Still find 3 '' sticky tape -LRB- the type yopu close cartons with -RRB- is the best . I would say do not waste your money .
 I liked this product but was not able to use it for very long . unfortunately , it did n't keep it 's form and I only had 2 weeks of use .
 My rabbit refuses to eat his and his body odor has significantly increased since he started eating this -- it isnt a bad product on it 's face -- just not good for my little guy
 Unfortunately Zupreem has completely reformulated this product and it is ** no longer soy - and wheat-free , ** as described here . What possessed them to do this is beyond me , since this was its `` claim to fame '' and the only reason some of us bought it and not one of the other timothy-based feeds out there . A huge disappointment , since some of my rabbits with chronic issues did better on this than anything else , and now it 's gone .
 When I went to the pet store last week , they no longer had the soy-free/wheat-free Nature 's Promise food I have been feeding my rabbit . Instead it was the new `` Timothy Naturals '' which has both wheat and soy . I did not buy it because I did not want to switch my rabbit onto new pellets , since that will be a strain on his digestive system.So I bought a 20lb bag here , because the description and image were of the original variety.Instead - I got sent the Timothy Naturals!I 'm not sure what to do now . Zupreem is closed on weekends so I could n't call , so I sent an email . I will call on Monday . If the original food is discontinued , I guess I will have to use the food they have sent me . Or if I find a company with food that looks better , I will return it . But I have had a heck of a hard time finding food I feel comfortable feeding my rabbit.I am quite upset , as I pay very close attention to my rabbit 's health and nutrition . I do not eat wheat or soy , and I do not want my bun eating those either!I think it is quite irresponsible of any company to send their new variety of food in place of what you have actually ordered . They are NOT the same product.Also - the original said `` no pesticides '' while the new variety says `` tested and monitored for pesticides '' . Not the same thing ! What sneaky wording .
 Looks just like the picture , but I did n't realize how heavy it was ; it is made of solid heavy rubber not soft , flexible rubber . My 3-month old mixed-breed-retriever could n't keep it in his mouth and after 5 months , he has yet to express interest in it for fetch or chew . This definately made for Extra-Large dogs - you could knock someone out if you are playing fetch . ALSO MADE IN CHINA . We use it for humor decor on our bookshelf - might also make a good paperweight .
 I would love to review this item , but is has been more than 2 months since ordering , and I have yet to receive my dog 's lips . I have received a couple of emails with excuses ... but still no lips . I have paid and am still waiting . My dog had these lips in the past and loved them , but wore them out . I finally located new ones through this vendor and am still waiting . We are not happy . All we want for Christmas are our two front lips ... Please Santa !
 My medium sized springer had this chewed apart in a day . Poor quality.Price is OK for the product you get but I 'd spend more for better quality product.Delivery time was great though .
 I 've been looking for a RED ball for my son 's westi and when I saw the picture of a red ball I ordered it and received a purple ball . If the dog can tell the difference I was hoping the vender could too .
 Who could resist seeing their dog pick this smile up in their mouth and run around with it ? Adorable , right ? Well , it would be if it ever happened . My dog , at least , has not once picked it up by the correct spot in order to give her the rubber dog lips smile . When she does play with it -LRB- which is few and far between since she really only likes squeaky toys -RRB- she just gnaws on the end or the nose . So , it 's a worthwhile chew toy , as it 's one of the few she has n't destroyed ... but your mileage may vary if you 're buying this to get some cute pics of your dog with rubber lips .
 I am always looking for a good quality rope toy . On this one , the rope came out the first time we used it .
 My pigs dont like this brand.I think oxbow is better . So I will purchase the oxbow hay next time .
 I purchased the large size ball-in-ball . Inside the red ball is a blue ` pimpled ' ball with a bell inside of it . When this toy is correctly sized for your dog - sized according to the outer ball 's size of course - this inner ball is the perfect choking size for your dog.My dog managed to get this inner blue ball out the side holes of the red ball -LRB- in pic , you can see part of this hole on the top side of the ball in its package -RRB- - without actually damaging the red ball in any way -LRB- no tears , etc -RRB- . It does n't look like it 's possible , but trust me it is !! I found him choking to death in the backyard , on what I did n't know . As he started to pass out and fell to the ground , we managed to get a hand down his throat and pull out ... . the blue pimpled bell ball . Thank goodness I noticed him when I did . I was within a minute of losing my dog . Trust me , it happened so quickly that even though I was watching him , if I had simply taken a quick trip to the bathroom for those 2 minutes he 'd be dead now.I 'd advise anyone with a playful dog who 's a strong chewer to get another toy for your dog . Kongs are great toys !! There 's also lots of other companies who make rugged dog toys that your pet wo n't kill itself with . Please do n't find yourself like I did , thinking your dog is going to die right in front of you as he collapses into your arms .
 My 10 month old lab destroyed this within an hour of me giving it to him . I should have read the description much more carefully , so that 's on me , but I wanted to try something to help keep his teeth and gums healthy .
 I do n't like the way they break apart if a larger dogs bites on them . They do not smell like beef , chicken , peanut butter , or cheese so they do not get my pups interested in chewing them . What is the use of a chew toy if it is not appealing .
 Puppy did n't care for this . Older dog chews on it . Not sure how much gets chewed up and digested . Not too crazy about this .
 The flexi bone basically turned to rubble after a short time chewing . The pieces are a choking hazard . I threw out the flexi bone after an hour .
 Warning to other dog owners
 White bone is made of kryptonite so super puppy wo n't even look at it . Left bone entertains for two minutes once a day . Right bone was consumed in two days ! Buy three throw away two , not so great .
 My 4-pound Bichon puppy went straight for the bacon bone , and quite frankly , she ate it so fast that I could n't figure out where she 'd `` hidden '' the bone . Turns out , she had literally devoured the WHOLE bone within a few minutes . I did n't particularly like that concept , mostly due to the potential choking hazard of a bone that crumbles that easily -LRB- she was 4 pounds at the time ! -RRB- . The rubbery bone did better than the bacon bone , but I ended up having to take the bone away because my pup would bite off shavings of the bone instead of eating it . This left quite a mess around my apartment , so that bone was pointless for us.The white bone has actually become her favorite bone over time . It does n't make a mess , and now that she 's a year old , she chews on it daily . So , if your pup does n't like the white bone , hold on for a while and there 's a chance that will change.I would not buy this set again , but I would be tempted to buy another of the white bones when this one runs out .
 I got this for my puppy , The dark brown one is soft rubber and he tore it up in 1/2 houre.The light brown one is hard but brittle . he ate it before i noticed.The white one is hard plastic and it seems safe . he 's still enjoying it .
 I brought Nylabones because of a friend 's recommendation , but my 10 week old puppy does n't even give these a second glance ... I have n't given her the edible one yet , but the white bone and the `` gel-ly '' bone simply lie around gathering dust .
 These treats are tiny and break apart easily ... my Shih Tzus & Pekingese ate them in less than 5 minutes ! Very expensive for only 300 seconds teeth cleaning and fun .
 We even measured our dogs against the dimensions provided for this product . We 've got a small boston terrier and this did n't end up fitting him . We should have ordered a medium . The quality was there , but size was off .
 Looking at the picture it looks very light , this ornament is honestly very dull . It does n't match well with the other suggested objects either .
 My 20 lb Cockapoo loved this toy insanely , however , within 5 minutes it was destroyed with the stuffing easily pulled out . What a drag . He chewed and tore into the seams of this toy literally within seconds and in 5 minutes he had a mouthful of stuffing and stuffing hanging all over his chin like he had instantly grown a beard . I had to bribe him with Pupperoni to get the darn thing from him . I have found so few toys that he 'll play with rather than destroy and quickly eat . The only things I can leave out for him are Nylabones , and antlers . He either does n't have interest in certain toys -LRB- like Kongs ; figures -RRB- or he destroys , chews and swallows -LRB- yikes ! -RRB- most everything else . Love him like crazy , but sure do wish I could find toys he will just play with . Yes , I play with him everyday and walk him very often so he is not `` under exercised '' . I also have a fenced yard that he can run around in as he wishes . He 's just a busy body with extremely active jaws . Feel free to respond to my review if you 've found a particular toy that works for dogs with character traits like I 've described . :-RRB- He 's only 14 months old , perhaps he 'll settle down as he ages .
 I turned my head for a minute and the polyester filling was everywhere.This product is not for dogs that possess teeth.It ripped apart at the seams right away . What a waste
 Product was used in a tattered previously opened package . It was also chipped and does not appear to function properly . It arrived in 4 days with a 2day shipping payment . Would give 0 star if I could .
 I have been using pet safe doors for over 20 yrs . I have a Great Dane , a Doberman and a German Shepherd so the doors get plenty of use . I have had the sliding glass door panel as well as the ones that fits into the door . I have the old double flap system in the door that goes from the laundry room to the garage and it works fine but the U flap wears out . If you reinforce the U shaped outside flap with duck tape and use large washers and wing nuts you can keep the flaps closed pretty well and the flap will not pull out from under the screws , when the dog runs through it and gets a caught , which is a safety thing I guess ; when you have 100 lb plus dogs it is not a concern they will just take the flap with them . I have also attacked some extra heavy duty magnets to the old frame . It is not the prettiest thing but it certainly is superior to this new door.Well I needed another door to go out from the garage into the back yard when I bought this new house and I bought the new and improved door ... sorry it is not . The magnets are a little stronger but it leaks on both sides . It is not a good fit at all and the flap is already curving from the dogs heads hitting it . Maybe this will work o.k. for a 20 lb dog but not for my big boys . It keeps the rain and snow out of the garage pretty much but would not work for the door into the house , just to much leakage around the sides for direct inlet . Insects get around it for sure . The flap wo n't come off but it doe not keep the cold or heat out . It is not any better than the old door , but what are you going to do . I would not think of the animals not being able to go in and out when I am gone .
 After putting in the new door flap 3 time and unable to find out why it would keep falling out every time the dogs would use it . I then got the old one from the trash and measured the top only to fine the replacement door had smaller attachments at the top where it was held in place . Then I had to remove the door again and put the old door flap back in until I could get a whole new door to replace the old one . A lot of wasted time . I will never buy a replacement flap again . The door is just to easy to replace then to put your self through a lot of frustration with a replacement part that did not fit properly .
 I have been using this brand , petsafe , dog doors for 18 years . We had to replace the door a couple times through out the years . They have all work great in keeping out the weather . The last door we had was great . We tried to find a replacement flap for it . But could not find one to fit the door we had . So we had to buy a whole new door . This new door is the worst one that we have bought from this company . Their quality has gone down hill . The flap is very light weight . The magnets on this door do not always hit . And the door stays open letting in all the cold air . The flap is smaller than the frame . There is a half inch space on the side letting in the cold air . The reason for the dog door is for the dogs to have the freedom of going in and outside when they need too . With this door I have to keep it closed . No freedom there . I wish I was able to bring this door back . But I bought it last year and no longer have a receipt . When the funds are available . We will be looking for a new dog door . I will no longer be buying the petsafe brand .
 Sorry guys , this was advertized as 2 inches wide , maybe 1.3 at most . to thin for a 40 - lb cocker . Go Dolphins though .
 We tried this with our new puppy and gave it a good month of effort . We even discussed it with our dog trainer thinking we were doing something wrong . We could not get the puppy to use these , which is a shame since it would have been so nice when we travel . We wasted money and training time on this one , our dog would not use it.If you try it I hope you have better luck than we did ,
 My puppy only wants to play with them and tear them up . She will go right beside them , but no on them .
 PURCHASED THIS BASED ON WHAT WAS WRITTEN AND PICTURE . WAS ASSUMING THIS WAS ALL FOUR SMALL ANIMALS IN NATURE COLLECTION . NO WHERE DOES IT STATE YOU WILL ONLY RECEIVE ONE AND THAT IT IS THEIR CHOICE OF WHICH ONE . WITH SHIPPING I PAID OVER $ 10 FOR ONE SMALL STUFFED ANIMAL OF THEIR CHOICE . MY ADVICE IS , YOU WOULD BE BETTER OFF GOING TO ANY STORE AND PURCHASING.VERY VERY MISLEADING.SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!WORD YOUR PRODUCTS MORE CAREFULLY
 I bought this based on what was written and what the picture showed . I assumed that I was getting all 4 small animals in the nature collection . When , in fact , I only got one , and they picked it out ! The bunny rabbit is n't even worth it ! It does n't state anywhere that you only get ONE ! I would agree with the other person and advise you to NOT buy this item . VERY MISLEADING.SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!WORD YOUR PRODUCTS BETTER .
 I purchased this item and found when it arrived that it did absolutely nothing . It did not buzz nor did the eyes light up as advertised . I notified the customer service department and received an e-mail stating that the person would have to check on my order . Two months later , nothing has happened . I have a worthless piece of junk and have been brushed off by the so called `` customer service '' . I will not be doing business with this company again despite the fact that I was satisfied with the other items that I received in the same shipment .
 I have been using pet safe doors for over 20 yrs . I have a Great Dane , a Doberman and a German Shepherd so the doors get plenty of use . I have had the sliding glass door panel as well as the ones that fits into the door . I have the old double flap system in the door that goes from the laundry room to the garage and it works fine but the U flap wears out . If you reinforce the U shaped outside flap with duck tape and use large washers and wing nuts you can keep the flaps closed pretty well and the flap will not pull out from under the screws , when the dog runs through it and gets a caught , which is a safety thing I guess ; when you have 100 lb plus dogs it is not a concern they will just take the flap with them . I have also attacked some extra heavy duty magnets to the old frame . It is not the prettiest thing but it certainly is superior to this new door.Well I needed another door to go out from the garage into the back yard when I bought this new house and I bought the new and improved door ... sorry it is not . The magnets are a little stronger but it leaks on both sides . It is not a good fit at all and the flap is already curving from the dogs heads hitting it . Maybe this will work o.k. for a 20 lb dog but not for my big boys . It keeps the rain and snow out of the garage pretty much but would not work for the door into the house , just to much leakage around the sides for direct inlet . Insects get around it for sure . The flap wo n't come off but it doe not keep the cold or heat out . It is not any better than the old door , but what are you going to do . I would not think of the animals not being able to go in and out when I am gone .
 After putting in the new door flap 3 time and unable to find out why it would keep falling out every time the dogs would use it . I then got the old one from the trash and measured the top only to fine the replacement door had smaller attachments at the top where it was held in place . Then I had to remove the door again and put the old door flap back in until I could get a whole new door to replace the old one . A lot of wasted time . I will never buy a replacement flap again . The door is just to easy to replace then to put your self through a lot of frustration with a replacement part that did not fit properly .
 I have been using this brand , petsafe , dog doors for 18 years . We had to replace the door a couple times through out the years . They have all work great in keeping out the weather . The last door we had was great . We tried to find a replacement flap for it . But could not find one to fit the door we had . So we had to buy a whole new door . This new door is the worst one that we have bought from this company . Their quality has gone down hill . The flap is very light weight . The magnets on this door do not always hit . And the door stays open letting in all the cold air . The flap is smaller than the frame . There is a half inch space on the side letting in the cold air . The reason for the dog door is for the dogs to have the freedom of going in and outside when they need too . With this door I have to keep it closed . No freedom there . I wish I was able to bring this door back . But I bought it last year and no longer have a receipt . When the funds are available . We will be looking for a new dog door . I will no longer be buying the petsafe brand .
 We purchased 4 of these gates from another seller - because we thought they were very pretty . After installing them we realized how tall they were ! We kept them installed and carefully stepped over them but it was n't a week and I fell over one ... right on my backside !! That was it . They are pretty but not for short people . We went to target and got the automatic open gates and WE LOVE THEM !! Besides , what use are they if they are stationary , they only open for the pet and not the person , the person is still trapped ! NOT Good for us maybe good for tall folks ... I got 4 for sale cheap ! ; -RRB-
 I was very saddened by this purchase . I will admit upfront that I am a person that does n`t have time , patience , or thew will to send things back , which means that i have a high standard for things I order online . This was one item that I decided I would just need to make work . It came broken - the joint to make the door swing open was broken right in half upon arrival . Nothing a little take and glue would n`t fix ! Then i went to make it work in the doorway ... now to be fair , i do think we have wider-than-average door frames , but once I used all / of the extenders that the gate came with , it fit , but does n`t look great . I would not reccommend this product .
 Product was damaged when received.But I was able to return it without a hassle and received a full refund.I do have another Richell One Touch Gate and they are very nice gates . Disappointing thisone did n't work out .
 My three month old collie chewed right through this gate . It 's a beautiful gate but should have metal bars instead of rubberwood . Would n't recommend this one .
 We were very happy with this gate at first -LRB- our dog ... not so much -RRB- . Our 7 pound Maltese has discovered that the inside portion is chewable . I saw in previous reviews , before I purchased this gate , that other people had had this experience . Thinking that our dog is not much of a chewer , we thought it would be OK , so we ordered it . It took him about 6 weeks to discover that the inside bars can be chewed . I do n't understand why the sides are metal , but the central panel is not.On the plus side , it latches fairly easily , and was easy to install . Before it became a `` home improvement '' project for our dog , it looked nice . If the company changed the design , to make the gate all metal , I would purchase that product . I like the color , and since we have the gate in a central location , this matters . If Richell can make the sides and bottom in this nice metal color , why not the central panel?For now , we 're using a baby gate we got at Babies ' R Us .
 Several years ago , we bought three of these gates to confine our new puppy to only part of our house while we were n't home . They worked great . We subsequently moved and gave them to a friend who also had a good experience with them . We recently moved again and found ourselves needing another gate . We bought the same one , hoping to have the same experience . Unfortunately , the design of the gate has changed . It now has a clamp that goes over the bottom bar , rather than a dowel that goes into the bar . This is not an improvement . My medium sized Brittany can push the hand lever high enough to throw his weight against the gate , move the clamp over the bar , and open the gate . So it is completely worthless . It 's too bad , because it is a very nice looking gate .
 I loved the look of the gate and if it were n't for the plastic gate handle/latch it would have been perfect . Due to Amazon 's return policy , I could n't just return the handle to exchange for one that was not broken . I would have had to try to repackage the entire gate and ship it back and wait 4 weeks for a refund and then repurchase the item . Well I do n't have that kind of time and there 's not really another way that I could keep my dog out of the back rooms for the 4 + weeks it would take for me to repurchase and receive a replacement gate -LRB- hoping that the new one was not damaged either -RRB- . With everything else on the gate being either wood or metal , I do n't even know why the handle was plastic to begin with . Now I just have to hope the super glue will do the trick.Amendment
 I am so disappointed in the new latch lock ! I returned 2 already !! It does n't close properly at the bottom ! It was the best gate that I 've ever had and I am so sad they tried to improve it . They ruined it !!!
 This gate seems to be well designed . We bought it because of the overwhelming positive reviews . Unfortunately , our own experience was quite different . We were looking to use this in our kitchen to stop once and for all the kids from feeding the dog . The opening required that we use the extensions -LRB- included -RRB- on the gate . Upon reaching maximum width , once pressure is applied to the sides the gate bows from the joints and pops right out of place . I tried cutting extensions from pieces of scrap wood to fit the endings inside to try and offer a bit more support but not even this worked . I 'm pretty disappointed in the lack of stability when it reached the maximum length.So , if you 're looking to use this at the minimum suggested width , you 're probably in good shape . I 'd stay away if you 're on the longer end of the suggested width for this item .
 This feeder IS NOT squirrel proof . The little darlings hang from it and reach in between the `` fortress '' guard and help themselves . The squirrels also gnaw on the plastic tube . The feeder is also hard to put back together because any seed that 's in the base of it gets in the way of the `` locks '' on the bottom ... you almost have to empty it each time you put it back together so there is no seed blocking the locks .
 I bought this feeder from wally-world for ~ $ 20 specifically seeking a squirrel-proof solution.This item 's name seems to claim that it 's squirrel-proof . I do n't think our squirrels are card-carrying Mensa members , but they can certainly figure out how to hang on the outside of this mis-labeled product and shake seed into the bottom trough 'til it fills up enough that they can reach it . We do n't feed many birds with this , but we pump a lot of seed into these rodents.If I wanted a squirrel-feeder , I would n't have spent $ $ on a Squirrel Proof Bird Feeder . Gets a Zero on a scale of 1-5 .
 Not even an hour after I filled and hung this feeder I saw a red squirrel , hanging off the wires upside down , reaching in the feeder with his paw , eating seed.So ... I sprinkled habanero powder on the seed and feeding ports . This worked for less then a day.Day three I noticed half the seed was gone and there was n't a bird in sight . When I went out to add water to the bird bath I discovered the squirrels had removed the top of the feeder , dropped it to the ground and most likely were the culprits of massive seed loss.Bottom line , IF squirrels are a problem , keep shopping . This feeder is definitely NOT squirrel proof !
 I just bought this locally -LRB- Nov. 2012 -RRB- because it offered 12 feeding perches and perhaps some squirrel resistance . I think the screen will limit gnawing if a squirrel does come aboard , but my feeder location does n't have much trouble with squirrels.I 'm more concerned about the central , plastic tube . It is made of three sections that fit together , overlapping maybe half an inch . Those friction-fit joints do n't work reliably . My unit came with the tubes jammed together too far , and the central tube ended up bowed up against one side of the cage . I had to disassemble the whole thing and take several tries to put it back together to have it all look straight . I suppose it was assembled wrong at the factory , or else jammed in transit.I fear the plastic central tube may not stay where it should.Updated Jan. 2013
 Bought this on Friday returned it on Monday . Save your money this is a total waste of space . The only birds that were able to get any food were grackels and an occassional house fince . The squirrel found the metal cage a wonderful thing with many sturdy places to hang on to while he dined on seeds from the bottom feeder tray .
 In about two days my squirrels had figured out this little chestnut . They hung upside down , marked the feeder and used their paws to scoop out the seeds . This was Birdfeeder Cracking 101 for them . On my model the top was n't even secured , which might have been a problem if the front door was n't wide open . This ended up in the trash fast , where it probably will for you if there 's any squirrels within a square mile or so of your house . Do what I did and buy the Heritage feeder instead , still working like a charm after 6 months
 Opus , Fortress Squirrel Proof Bird FeederFortress Bird FeederFor an expensive bird feeder , this one did not live up to its claims . Squirrels find it easy to get at . Also , the bottom stays wet and the seed sticks together and rots making it impossible for the birds to get at the seed from the lower stations . It is necessary to take it apart all the time to clean up the clogged and moldy mess . I am very disappointed .
 Opus Top Flight Fortress bird feeder IS A SQUIRREL FEEDER.It 's not squirrel proof.The squirrels love it and are on it all the time , so that the birds ca n't get on . The top screw lid is weak and easily pops off so squirrels get down in from top too . They are cute however hanging upside down and pulling the expensive black oil SF seeds out of the bird feeder holes while the birds sit in adjacent trees watching.I thought there were laws against false advertizing ?
 My dog really enjoyed playing fetch and tugging on this . After playing with it for a bit , I left her alone with it for 10-15 mins . In that time , she nearly chewed through the ring . I did n't expect it to last long , but I figured something described as ` virtually indestructible ' would be more durable .
 This collar is heavy for a small dog . The `` sonic '' noise is easily heard by all of us . The directions suggest giving it `` several weeks '' to work . Apparently not waterproof . Our dog was quieter for a day , but continues to bark -- at the noise the collar makes , it seems , as well as the initial motivator.The collar that holds the battery-sound box is a piece of poorly adjustable nylon webbing.I 'm looking for a better tool .
 The collar packaging states one size fits all , but this is not the case . I bought the collar for a chihuahua , but the collar was so big it was useless .
 Not only is this collar WAY TOO big for my 15 pound dachshunds to wear -- We can also hear the `` ultra-sonic '' beep loud and clear . I do n't know what is more annoying -- listening to my dogs bark thier brains out - or the ear splitting tone that this lets out .
 Got this as a gift and it leaks like sieve . Save your money .
 Our Alexandrine is n't a picky guy , and he certainly munched on this contentedly . My first clue that maybe this was going to be a one-time only purchase - the much touted easy open zip top seal died the second time I tied to open the bag . To add insult to injury , I think the bird food at Amazon sits in the warehouse for awhile ; it was full of seed moths ! I ended up throwing it out before we 'd used 1/4 of the bag . So if you decide to bit the bullet and buy this , keep a bag clip handy and either store it in the freezer , or invest in some of those pantry moth pest traps .
 This food is inappropriate for any rabbit 's diet . It is filled with seeds , corn , and other high calorie pieces not suitable for a rabbit 's diet . Seeds and corn can lead to health risks such as G.I. stasis -LRB- very serious and fatal health problem -RRB- . I do n't understand why companies still sell this as being rabbit food so I advise anyone who cares about their bun to stay away from this food . The best diet for a adult rabbit is one high in fiber . It 's recommended to feed 1/4 -1 / 3 cup of timothy pellets and unlimited amounts of hay . 0-6 months rabbits should be fed alfalfa pellets.Please visit -LSB- ... -RSB- for information on rabbit care . They offer great information
 At least 75 % of this bag was cheap fillers , such as sunflower seed , dry corn , peanuts , and soybeans . I sat for over an hour and worked through it , cupful by cupful , pulling out much of the junk , and ended up with half a bag of semi-acceptable food for my 8 parrots - and that was leaving the sunflower seeds and the garish artificially-colored bits and neon-dyed seeds in the mix . I always combine several brands together in my feed jar , and it 's only for this reason that I did n't return it . The outside birds got the junk , and I 've mixed in extra portions of the high quality foods to make up for the inferior quality of what was in this bag . What a shame that I spent money on this .
 I was surprised and disappointed that when I reordered `` Paraket Gourmet Diet '' food , I was instead sent a lesser , non-gourmet version `` Parakeet Diet '' described in the other one-star review . This is known as `` bait-and-switch '' and it is dishonest .
 Guinea pigs are not seed eaters and do not need the artificial colors or other nonsense added to this food to make unsuspecting buyers think there 's something healthy about it . Chock full of choking hazards for guinea pigs . Stick to a quality brand like Oxbow .
 I used Hartz brand food when I had hamsters , and it was great . Hartz knows how to manufacture quality foods for SOME rodents . However , many people are not aware of the specifics of guinea pigs ' diet , and mistakenly think that Hartz food is okay for them.Shame on Hartz for selling this product specifically for guinea pigs , because this is not what pigs ought to be eating , and they ought to know better . As my vet put it , pigs technically can eat the seeds and artificially colored cereal bits in this mixture , but it 's a lot like feeding a human Twinkies 24/7 . Guinea pigs are not built to digest seeds , in particular , and there is risk of digestive problems , which can be very serious issue.Buy a simple , quality pellet from Oxbow or Nutriphase for your piggies , and stick to hamsters and gerbils if you 're going to buy Hartz .
 This is so blatantly unhealthy and inappropriate for rabbits it 's shameful that they 're actually allowed to make the statements they do on the packaging . It 's NOT ` nutritionally complete ' or anything like it , and most of the ingredients they use are things rabbits should n't be eating at all ... They might like it , but only in the way a child would like being fed a ` nutritionally complete ' diet of oreos and snickers bars . No wonder so many pet rabbits only live a couple of years if this is the kind of stuff people believe is OK to feed them .
 I 'm very disappointed that what we received is the blue packages of Hartz in the mail . I thought you still had some of the original food in the warehouse . The picture shows the original packaging . The new blend is completely different than the old food . I hope and pray our little bird will get used to the new food in time . I mix the old & new , but he wo n't eat very much of it . I have shopped all over and finally found some of the old food .
 If your guinea pig has a history of stone formation , or you are not sure about the health lineage of your guinea pig , choose a different food!I THOUGHT I was feeding my guinea pig a healthy chow because of all the seeds , nutrients , and fruit and veggi bits . Shamefully , I did not pay attention to the ingredient list on this chow or read up on stone risk in guinea pigs.This chow is PACKED with calcium supplementation and has a very high amount of alfalfa -- which is very high in both calcium & oxalate . Some guinea pig lines are at risk of urinary stones from such a diet . I fed my piggie this diet for 3 years and he had to have surgery today for a large life-threatening bladdder stone . Vet is highly suspicious of this high-calcium , alfalfa-based chow.I am switching immediately to Oxbow timothy-hay food pellet for guinea pigs . Hopefully this will keep my piggie out of surgery a second time around.Can I PROVE that it was the Hartz Bonanza chow ? No . But I 'm not taking chances where I can make changes . The manufacturer of this small animal food product should do the same .
 I saw good reviews and ordered it but what i got is `` Parakeet Canary & Finch Nutritionally Compelte Blend '' Lesson learnt check what you have ordered and what you got , It has lot of wheat and lentils , almost 20-30 % is going waste , my birds are not enjoying it and feels bad to throw a cup full of seeds every 2 days .
 Sorry Hartz , but I think you missed the boat on this Guinea Pig Food . Mine knocked most of it out of her food bowl , and I ended up throwing it away . She always pushes the food aside that she does not like , and only eats what she does like . So , I would say that 3/4 of this food went to the trash , which means this is a waste of money for our Guinea Pig . While she eats the compressed alfalfa pieces , that is about the only thing she liked in the mix . The bag only lasted us two weeks , because I ended up throwing most of it in the trash . A typical bag of Guinea Pig food , in this same volume weight , lasts us about six weeks . You do the math . I generously gave you 2 stars for the alfalfa . But , I certainly find NOTHING ` gourmet ' about this food .
 This shows that the product has a lot of colorful/flavorful food bits when in reality the bag is mostly just the pellets . We were looking for a food with more than just pellets so this did not live up to our expectations . If the shipping would n't have been in play I would have returned this product .
 I would n't buy this product again , are dog is n't even that bad of a chewer . In a mater of of 15 min . she was getting pieces off it .
 Previous reviews regarding flimsy construction are accurate . The minuscule &#34; compartments &#34; on top of the roof ca n't hold more than a single dog biscuit or two , max , and the lids arrived broken and unusable anyway . Construction quality screams &#34; China . &#34; The included &#34; food and water travel dish &#34; ca n't hold more than half a dozen pieces of kibble and a few drops of water ... a joke , really , and completely useless . I bought the &#34; medium/large &#34; size for a medium size -LRB- 15 lb . -RRB- dog -LRB- small beagle -RRB- and found it is far too small for a dog , even of that size . Cats , maybe , but not dogs , no way . I 'll now be returning this or trying to resell it to a cat owner at a discount .
 I have a twenty pound cocker spaniel that I use this kennel for . Not only can I not carry the kennel with the dog in it because the side clips will give way , but the dog is able to remove the door to the kennel while it 's latched by pushing on it until it pops loose . What was wrong with the old Pet Taxi kennels that had screws that held the top and bottom together ? I am basically unable to keep the dog in this kennel . Definitely will not be buying this brand again .
 this pet carrier is too small to use on anything larger than a pet rat -LRB- no , make that a pet mouse -RRB- . the picture of the dog sitting in the door of the carrier had to be photochopped . yes the size is listed so it is my fault for buying . make sure you realize how small this pet carrier is .
 We purchased this for a cavalier king charles spaniel , now 6 months old . While the product looks great , it 's just not constructed well enough to trust with a live animal . Ours separated when the bottom flexed and the clips on the sides sprung . They were snapped securely , but just could n't handle the weight of a 16 pound puppy . Needless to say , we are quite disappointed . Now that this is over 30 days old , it 's just junk . My recommendation is to spend a few bucks more to get a quality product .
 Total waste of money . I bought this small crate for a 5 lb puppy and it is too small.Since i bought in preparation for the puppy and got the puppy at 10 week rather thanThe orginally planned 8 weeks , the 30 day return period expired.I hate that . This is an unused crate i can not use and the company should accept the product back.They count time from the day you order ...
 Both the Product Features and Product Description mention a `` Seat Belt Slot '' in this kennel . The one that arrived at my house did not have this very important safety feature , nor did it have the tie down holes that the larger kennels have , so I sent it back . I am happy with all my other Petmate kennels -LRB- that have seat belt slots or tie downs -RRB- , but this kennel should not be used for traveling anywhere since there is no safe way to secure it down . Dog crates should never just be placed inside a car without securing it down , as they become projectiles in the event of an accident .
 I would n't buy this product again , are dog is n't even that bad of a chewer . In a mater of of 15 min . she was getting pieces off it .
 Picked one up and gave it a try on my in ground pool . More water splashed out of the top then went in the pool , keeps the pool deck wet all the time . Spent all weekend trying to get the unit to hang level securely and look neat , wife says trash it . I guess I can put it on the dog bowl out side . Oh well live and learn .
 Had this model in my little garden pond for a couple of years.Very primitive assembly , was leaking very early on and the housing disintegrated quickly .
 I have no issues with the product , in fact it is an excellent product and our puppies love this food , but I do object to it being represented as a case of 24 cans and being priced like 24 cans only to find out it is a `` half-case '' of 12 cans . Enough said ... it 's worth it to drive 50 miles and buy from the store . This is the second provider that represents the product as a full case and delivers a half-case !
 Not unless your dog is a really wimpy chewer.I was hoping that I would n't have to even rate this as one star , but that 's all it let me do.This bone is absolutely useless . Says on the packaging `` maximum strength and durability guarantee to make playtime fun '' If that 's maximum strength , I 'd hate to see anything less . I gave this toy to my dog and next time I looked at him it was half gone . Buy a KONG . They 're much more expensive , but at least it will last you a lot longer than this piece of crap .
 My Lab had chunks all over the place within 2 minutes , we had to throw it away becasue he was swallowing pieces .
 My boxer mix loved this toy ... she 's still whining at me to give it to her ... however I had to take it away from her because she chewed the first knob off in 20 minutes . I was afraid she was going to swallow the big piece of rubber and choke . I had just had an emergency bill with her 5 days ago from eating an ice pack . I did n't need a bowel obstruction on top of it.If your dog is a determined chewer , I would not recommend this toy .
 It pays to read the fine print . I ordered what I thought was a harness to fit my lab because of the pictures of the dogs on the ad . WRONG ! I read NOW that the one I ordered wo n't fit his paw . Why would I pay 22 bucks for a TRAVEL harness on a pet that would fit in my purse ... Live and learn . Now I have to ship it back and wait months to get a partial refund . Never again !
 We bought this spray to help keep our cats calm during travel . They took one sniff and were n't impressed . They screamed the whole way so product certainly did n't help . Do n't buy this stuff .
 I bought this to calm down two cats
 It came in a plastic envelope . Half of it had squirted out . I used it in my cat 's kennel ; and it did not calm him down a bit . No behavior change in any of my cats .
 I moved back home to my mothers place of residence Wed September 1 , 2010 and she has two cats and a dog , I have one cat . My cat at the time was pregnant , she had her kittens Tuesday Sept 7 , 2010 . I kept my cat in my room a few days so she could calm down and get use to the move . Finally , I let her roam the house and she was fine until she came in contact with the dog . She growled and hissed , attacked and then ran , the dog did n't back down but also did not bark , scratch or bite . The next day she was lying close to the dog with no problem . The morning after , Sept 5 , 2010 my dog was put to sleep . The only ones left were the cats . Unfortunately , unlike the dog after she encountered the cats she did n't become friends after they growled and snapped at each other . Actually , after she had her kittens she even started to bully one cat . She would seek him out and attack . It has gotten to the point where the other cats are afraid to eat or roam around the house . I just got the bottle of At ease Thur Sept 9 , 2010 . My mother and I lost sleep over the random attacks from my cat in the middle of the night . I sprayed it everywhere . I was hoping it would relax them enough to where they can at least not attack each other . It did not work for my cat at all . So , she is now confined to my room.The reason why I gave it an two stars is because one cat is a scaredy cat . The funny thing about him is he is a main coon -LRB- in other words huge -RRB- yet he hides . Since I sprayed , `` At Ease '' , he does n't run from my cat anymore . He hid majority of the time and only came out to eat and as soon as he heard my door open , he would disappear . Once I sprayed , `` At Ease '' , he stopped hiding and was acting like normal . He still growls at my cat , when she growls at him but he is n't in hiding anymore . Too bad I ca n't get the one she picks on , out of hiding and he is the friendly cat , who loves everybody.Since , it has only been a day for me , I am still going to continue using and update my review if there is any changes . I am thinking maybe the cats were so stressed from the loss of my dog and the cat fights and new kittens that maybe the , `` At Ease '' is n't strong enough to calm them down at this time . I will see ... It is Sept 19 , 2010 and I sprayed the At Ease all over the house for a few more days to see if there were any difference . I stopped using it because it seemed pointless . The main coon still picks up for myself so it is uncertain if it were from the spray or just him having enough of her taking over .
 This was sold to me as an XXL . I measured dog , but costume would n't fit . I tried to modify costume but my dog was so uncomfortable I could n't put her in it . They would n't even discuss an exchange much less a return . A waste of money but worse than that ... disappointment .
 Warning , this is a really small sweater , Tiny would have been more appropriate . I have a Puggle and it went round her neck like a scarf . Also , Its made in China so its not Irish or Irish Wool ...
 The coating on this cage came off just like bad paint . Some of the welds were broken . The top was mashed in shipping . I ordered a replacement . I had to return it because of the same damage . Not worth the money .
 I ordered this cage from the product write up , and this is a very cheap cage . The construction is poor and the coating is more like paint then the stone coating advertisised . I would not buy their product again . I own many cages and this is by far the ceapest I ever bought .
 In a period of less than 10 minutes following receipt of toy , our ten-pound Boston Terrier had torn cover on and was shreddingcenter ball such that item was no longer usable.An absolute waste !
 My dog really enjoyed this product , but she managed to remove the small tennis ball in the first couple hours of having the toy and proceeded to shred the small tennis ball to pieces . Now she 's working on shredding the fabric , but at least she 's enjoying it .
 I gave this toy to my dog at noon today . When I came home at 5:30 , he had eaten 2/3 of the `` tennis ball . '' He has been throwing up pieces of rubber and is now becoming lethargic . I just came online to see if I could find out anything about the toxicity of this product . I am now taking him to the emergency vet clinic . My dog is small -LRB- a pekingese/pomeranian -RRB- . He should not have been able to eat this toy in a matter of hours . YIKES !!! Do n't buy !!!
 Great cage , but i got it for $ 50 on ebay brand new . This is a super rip off . DONT BUY FROM HERE !!
 This item as pictured is very hard to find so I was happy to see it offered here even though it was in a smaller size . Unfortunately when I received the product it was the Pet Authority Digestive Supplement NOT the Organic Cat Acidophilus . Although they are similar I have used both and have had much better results with the Oganic Cat Acidophilus . I feel mislead and hope that they replace the incorrect picture with the much smaller squeeze bottle that says `` Digestive Supplement '' .
 i have a yorkie and he does not like them , he grabs them in his mouth like he is going to eat them , but he just drops it on the floor .
 when you order this item . Mine did not come with it and I ca n't find a security door anywhere to block the doggie door in the night . There was a homeless cat came in to the house and my house was flea infested .
 This door does not lock to your existing sliding glass door and it does not have a slider to block small animals from getting in or for when you want your dog to be temporarily locked out . Also much cold air seeps through the single pane glass .
 My pup had it for about 3 days.She is a small chikkpoo and it came off very easy.I would not buy again.Price is OK compared to others.Maybe would be better for a dog less active .
 My husband and I bought these for our 2 cocker spaniels . We 've been having trouble with them since DAY ONE . They 're constantly getting clogged with fur in the weirdest places . I had to use tweezers to clean the fur out of one spot . The blades are so finiky that almost everything causes them to seize up . If you tighten the screws enough to keep the blades on , the blade does n't move . If you leave the screw even slightly looser so the blade can move , the vibrations throw the screws out in a matter of seconds . Do n't bother with these things .
 I bought this to shave my long haired cat . I could n't get it to work from the beginning . The blades slip and slide and the screws fall out . However , if you tighten the screws enough to keep them from falling out , the shaver does n't work AT ALL.I wish I could get my money back .
 I acquired the clipper and although the video was a bit useful , it must be one of the worst grooming kits I 've ever purchased . The one thing I did like was that it did not make too much noise ... However ... after within a haircut somehow it would manage to get hair inside which would clog up and after a while if you were really getting into getting your dog 's haircut over with it would sort of explode -LRB- it would smell it something was burning and would throw out some of the hair that managed to get trapped in between the machine -RRB- . I do not re commend this machine , at all ... Even when you do take the blades off to clean up the machine it will eventually scare you and your dog with a little surprise . I ended up buying a new one after this one exploded like three times I figured first time maybe I did n't clean well enough ... second ... and by the third time I said no way I am using this again ! My best advice to anyone looking for a good hair clipper is to invest in a professional hair clipper , because even though they do run above the 100 's chances are within a few haircuts the price of the equipment will be `` paid off '' had you taken your pet to get groomed elsewhere .
 nothing to add to the negative commentary ... just felt it necessary to add a negative affirmation
 I 've had the same problem with these as most of these reviewers , except my kit did n't come with the oil so I had to buy my own , and it sparked and caught my cat 's fur on fire within the first use ! Sounds like one out of 10 of these will work as expected , not good odds in my book !
 I got these clippers to groom my cocker spaniel . I did n't even get through one clipping before they stoped cuting hair . Thankfully I can return them .
 I purchased this clipper set 5 years ago at a pet store . I paid about $ 65.00 for them . They were used on two pekingese/pomeranian mix dogs approx 4-5x / year . The clippers did a fair job up until the last year . I contribute their breakdown to my lack of maintenance -LRB- ran out of clipper oil -RRB- and I finally tried to take them apart to thoroughly clean them and could n't get them back together again . The instructions were too vague on how to properly maintain the clippers . I am now going to bite the bullet and upgrade to a nicer set . You get what you pay for . If your dog only needs a couple trims per year or if you 're a newbie that needs the blade guards I suppose $ 25.00 is not a bad deal .
 I have a Lahsa Apsos whose fur is too thick for the groomer . I will just have to look for a bigger and stronger groomer . I am really sorry it does n't work as all I can do now is try to find another . If your manufacturer has a recommendation I would appreciate hearing from them . Thank you in advance for your kind help .
 I bought these clippers to do a maintenance trim on my Lhasa Apso . He was groomed last about 1-1/2 months ago and his fur is about 1/2 inch long , clean hair , no tangles , and no mats . Sad to say these clippers became bogged down in his hair immediately and would not go through at all . They were absolutely useless . If I could give a lower rating , I would . I was very disappointed in the -LRB- non -RRB- performance of these clippers , which I bought based on the `` Oster '' brand name and the information on the back on the package . Fortunately , I was able to return them .
 As others have stated it in the reviews.The biggest problem is the blades getting stuck.They just do n't cut.Had these for about a year . Using it on my two cocker spaniels.Fur gets stuck , and the blades just stop moving.Just ca n't get it to `` comb '' through the coat.And yes it does get hot easily .
 I bought these to groom my Mini Dachshund . Let 's just say that these did not make the cut , no pun intended . I first tried to use the length attachments which only got caught in his hair . Then I just used the clippers and it was like they were n't cutting at all . All they did was barely take any off and then I had to constantly get the hair off the clippers to have them work at all.I am very disappointed in these . I realize they were cheaper but come on . If only I had n't lost my receipt , I would take these back ...
 Your dog needs to be ok with the sound of nail grinding or it wo n't work . I have medium sized breeds and I felt I could have used more power to effectively and in a timely manner , grind my dogs ' nails . This is sitting in a drawer right now .
 pretty simple ... The grinder was NOT in stock as advertised by EntirelyPets . Not only was it not in stock , but there was no communication from the seller to inform me there would be a delay . I only found out once the estimated delivery date had come and I curiously sent and email asking for shipping information.I 've asked for a refund , but so far I 've not heard back from the seller.I buy a lot for my pets and I will certainly NOT place another order with this company via amazon or otherwise.fyi , i 've read good things about the grinder - reviews by buyers and pet mags.EDIT : Within a few hours of leaving this review I received an email stating the grinder had shipped . I 'll return to update review for product once I 've revieved and had a chance to use and evaluate .
 My Oster dog nail grinder charger fell out of the outlet and would no longer operate . I was not able to replace the cord because it is attached to the piece . Could not find anyone close enough to repair & would have to ship back to Oster which would be an extra cost . Not happy considering how much I paid for it . I ended up purchasing a Dremel -LRB- approximately $ 10.00 -RRB- from Walmart -LRB- recommended from my Vet -RRB- which I 'm now very happy with the price & performance !
 My daughter gave me this Nail grinder ... but one day it refused to work . And I have been on the hunt for the Class 2 Transformer AC/DC Adaptor Model
 I received the trimmer the other day and found the instructions very lacking in information . When I barely touch my dog 's toenail with the band the thing slides all over the place . The band seems tight until I try to trim my dog 's nails . Of course , with no good instructions there is n't a way to find out how to correct this issue . Hopefully , someone out there that enjoys this tool can help answer this question .
 I ordered this grinder from Entirelypets.com via Amazon . After having read the reviews , I figured the overwhelming number of positive remarks about this grinder , I would be satisfied with this grinder.HOWEVER , after having received my first grinder , it would NOT power on , AT ALL ! Nothing ! I tried several outlets , tried the adapter in two positions -LRB- vertically one way , and the opposite -RRB- , and to no avail , could not get it to power on.I called Entirelypets.com right away to explain my situation , and offered to ship them back the defective product , but they said not worry about shipping it back , and that they would send another right after the holidays . -LRB- There was quite a delay in this , but I figured that FedEx was closed for Christmas and New Year 's , so perhaps that was the issue . -RRB- I was so excited to get my replacement product , BUT AGAIN IT DID NOT WORK ! Would not even power on ! I again called Entirelypets.com and offered to ship back , but they said they would contact Amazon to issue a refund.I expect to be fully reimbursed , and I hate to say that a product is not worth it , but 2 NON-WORKING grinders shipped in sequence seem to be beyond `` the odds . '' The representative from Entirelypets.com noted that they were no longer selling this item on their website and that perhaps it was because it is not a good product.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT!I will follow up with this review to update the status of reimbursement from Amazon for these non-working products.UPDATE 1/9/13After contacting the seller again , I was promptly reimbursed for the non-working nail grinders . I have changed my rating to a 2-star rating for the prompt reimbursement after a subsequent email a week after a phone call , but with neither product having worked , I feel a rating of 2 is fair to reflect this product .
 Purchased it to replace clippers and so we do n't have to take the dog to the groomers . It would take me all day to use this thing to completely trim his nails . I use the regular clippers first still and smooth out the nail with the grinder since its too late to send it back .
 This product works well at low speeds but when you use it on high speed and try to grind a dog 's nails , it slows down considerably . Motor needs more torque ! I returned this product and purchased a Dremel variable speed 35000RPM model that works great ! Amazon is GREAT about processing returns and ensuring the customer is satisfied !
 I used to love this company and product . I have show dogs and depend on short perfect nails and use grinders . My first Oster was awesome , and interchangeable with Dremel replacement sanding bands . Then I bought the newer -LRB- blue -RRB- one at Petsmart . While doing the nails I turned off the tool and set it down hastily , it never worked again . Totally would not turn on . I tried to repair it but everything is so small I could n't figure out what the problem was . So the next day I bought another out of the store - same kind . While I was doing nails on the grooming table the puppy ran by and snagged the cord and pulled it off the table onto the carpet . It only fell 2.5 feet onto soft carpet but it never worked again either . Same exact situation.These need to be tougher because they are so light and the cord is so long , things happen and they need to be able to withstand a short drop.I would recommend this for the cautious pet owner only . People that groom often or groom on a table should really beware . I wo n't buy this product again .
 I am a dog groomer and I have bought many of these grinders and they are awesome . But they never last , the chip board shorts out . Starting 4 years ago , the grinders used to last our whole salon months close to a year , but when they were remade they would last only a few weeks . But now they are so bad we bought one and used it TWICE and it never worked again . I will now only use the Andis brand . I have also had many clippers and had to send them back to be fixed and they sent me new ones that later broke in a month !
 This should have said `` for small dogs '' . I have an old english sheepdog mix and the grinder took so long to shorten his nails , my dog grew anxious and would n't let me at his feet . I tried to return the item , but never rec 'd an answer from the seller to my e-mails . If you have a small dog , this would be great , but do n't bother if you 're a large dog owner .
 I did n't like this ginder . After a few months , the dial that controls the rotation speed became loose and I had to tape it in place , which was annoying . I used this thing for grinding my dogs nails , and it is so horribly loud , it made my dogs very unhappy . After about 14 months it broke so I bought a Dremel 400 , which is soooo much better . There are no attachments other than the grinding bands for the Oster , so if you buy a Dremel instead , you 'll have a MUCH more useful tool , many times over . The Dremel 400 is also significantly quieter than the Oster , so my dogs are much happier now.Dremel 400-2/51 Variable Speed Rotary Tool Kit With 51 Accessories
 This peice of junk stopped functioning correctly . After only using it lightly a couple of times , it only functions on the highest setting , which means that I ca n't use it on all my pets anymore . Waste of money . Do yourself a favor and go to a hardware store and buy a multi-speed dremmel .
 I 've been using nail grinders for years . This grinder would not work at low speeds , and the grinder part kept coming loose . It was noisy and stressed my dogs who are very used to sitting quietly to have their nails done . I 've packed the grinder up and will be returning it .
 When I received the product , I was surprised there was a warning in the cord -LRB- of all things ! -RRB- stating the cord contained lead and you should wash your hands after use . Do n't you think , after all these years , a cord could be made without lead . Big surprise ! It 's made in China . I sent it back . What a big disappointment . When I e-mailed Oster about my complaint , they e-mailed back telling me to contact someone else . What 's in a name anymore when it comes to trust ?!
 The first one I received did n't have constant power and the second one does n't work at all , no power goes to it . This is a real pain to spend all this time trying to get a product that is obviously defective yet a second time .
 Just got this and it does n't work at all ... will not even turn on !! Spent way too much time on this and Amazon is absolutely no help with the return or exchange ! Was excited about getting this but now ... I am NOT impressed ! And the `` instruction manual '' is a piece of paper -LRB- only one small section in English -RRB- and is a JOKE !
 I purchased this grinder through Amazon . I got it today and lo and behold , it did n't work at all ! It wo n't even turn on ! Of course I ca n't return it to Amazon because I opened the package of grinder heads to attach one ... assuming it was going to turn on . So , I had to call Oster and now am having to deal with shipping it to them . So , not only did I have to pay the initial shipping to get the defective one from Amazon , I now have to pay to ship the defective one to Oster ! If I knew this was going to be so much trouble , I would have gone to Walmart and purchased a regular dremel ! At least if it did n't work I 'd only have to take it down the road to return it ! Save yourself the aggravation and money ... go to Walmart !
 Received this nail grinder and was immediately taken aback by how loud the thing was as was my dog . Oster 's website describes this item as `` Super-Safe Operation
 This did n't work right out of the package . Looking at other reviews on here it seems to be a common issue . Too bad Oster used to be a name that meant quality . I was going to try an exchange , but I guess now I 'll just try and fight to get my money back.I have the Pedipaw but wanted something a little more powerful and one that I was n't constantly buying batteries for .
 It works okay - not as good as I had hoped . The biggest problem is getting the grinder heads to stay stable - they are supposed to be secure , but tend to slide in further upon use .
 It 's an ok product . When you apply a little more pressure it does n't work . My dog is so afraid of this grinder , we never used it for the 2nd time . It 's very noisy and gives off a vibration that scares my dog so much that he has to run and hide for hours . Not what I 've expected to do .
 Giant litter pan from Petmate was obviously designed originally as a tub for washing pets NOT as a litter pan . The concave front corners make it difficult to scoop waste and storage compartments are most likely on the wrong side for the place you plan to place it or they will just fill with litter and cat waste . Terrible design . The Petco Mega Rectangular Litter Box is probably better , but whenever Petco gets a few in stock they sellout in a few hours , supply chain problems ! Better solutions for large Maine Coon and Ragdoll cats , small dogs etc are Mortar mixing tubs , large or medium both are cheaper and much stronger than any litter pan , but black and ugly . More attractive but smaller from Restaurant supply is a large , deep Bus Box about $ 10 -LRB- flat bottom only , no ridge -RRB- or a standard Food Storage Box 26 '' x 18 '' x 9 '' or more shallow . These are more attractive and made of high quality polycarbonate for about same price as Mega Litter Box . My large cat and kitten prefer the 36 `` x 24 `` x 9 '' mortar tub , it is easy to clean , but it takes a lot of space & is ugly . So spray paint it or coat with colored mortar mix to add texture which will keep cats claws trimmed down naturally . Empty out with small garden trowel/shovel then power wash on weekends . Works for me.Maccourt AT2606 26 `` x20 `` x6 '' Plastic Utility TubCambro Poly Cambox 15 X 20 Dk Brwn Plastic Bus Box W / Flat Bottom - 1520CBPF131
 I have 3 cats and a fairly small home , no upstairs or basement . It 's basically a long ranch . We have tried 1 litter boxes at each end of the house but all 3 went in the same one and left the other alone . So , I wanted to find a big litter box , well I did and boy is it big . Initially I thought that it was a great idea , more room for each to do their business ; however , when you have as big of a litter box as this you need a lot of litter to fill it up to the appropriate level . Now , most people with cats know that to keep the litter fairly fresh it should be cleaned daily if not immediately after use if possible . In addition , you should change out all the litter and clean the box with a cleaner at the most every 2 weeks , ideally every week . The problem is when this litter box gets filled up with litter , not to mention if there are other `` things '' in it , it becomes extremely heavy and very cumbersome to try and carry outside or to the garbage . Needless to say after a few times of doing this either in the snowy winter or hot , humid summer you do n't look forward to this task -LRB- not that anyone does -RRB- . If you start to slack and not clean out the box entirely it starts to smell bad even if you scoop it out and put fresh litter in . Also , invariably as the cats move the litter around some always winds up in the 2 side compartments , which are very difficult if not impossible to clean unless you can dump the whole thing over.oIn my opinion , one is better off having 2 smaller litter boxes together rather than this huge one ; they are much easier to keep clean and easier on your back .
 My two bengals love Da Bird and its various attachments ! I HIGHLY recommend getting this for your cat -LRB- s -RRB- . This pole is NOT durable . I went through 3 of these before discovering a better pole . Some reviews complain about fiberglass splinters . I never had this problem myself but all the more reason to avoid this pole!This pole comes in two pieces for easier shipping . It attaches with a small piece of flexible plastic . It stays together reasonably well . I dislike the pole because of the string . This string is NOT durable and it knots VERY easily . I would have to unknot it every other week or so . Each time with cats at my feet eagerly waiting to play . After some time , this string will eventually break and you have to by a new pole.Save yourself the trouble and buy this other pole : Da Bird Cat Catcher Cat Toy by Go Cat Feather ToysThere is no assembly because it is not as long . I do n't see this as a con ; in fact , if you have kids , this is a pro . The smaller wand makes the toy much more manageable for youngsters . It is not made out of fiberglass so there is no concern for the fiberglass splinters . It also does not have a string but a wire instead . One cat would chew on the string -LRB- BAD ! Not safe . We had to put the toy away when play was not supervised -RRB- . Neither cat chews on the wire . This wire is much more durable , does not knot , and is much more durable . The con is that it does not come with a feather attachment . It comes with a mouse attachment . My fat cat likes the mouse attachment but my skinny cat holds out for the feather . Make sure to order some feather attachments if you get Da Bird :3 Pack of Da Bird Guinea Feather RefillsThis is a great way to actively engage your cat in play !!! Thanks for taking the time to read my review , and I hope you found it helpful in making a purchase decision .
 Da Bird has always been my cat 's favorite toy . She would leap and pounce and basically be in ecstasy when a new one arrived . However , Da Bird has completely changed the design and , in my opinion , has ruined the product.The new version has two handles that are meant to stick together , but come apart easily with vigorous play . This long plastic tube has no flexibility and the feathers just hang there.As hard as I 've tried to get my cat involved in the new version of this toy , she simply walks away from it.Save your money . I 'm sorry I ordered three and will search local pet stores to stock up on the original version.By the way , does anyone know how we can contact the manufacturer to let them them know of our unhappiness ?
 This review applies to the `` da bird '' fixed rod and the `` easy store '' 2-part rod . I ordered both.Great idea for the feathered toy to flutter . The rod is slender with some bend in it to make whipping the toy around easier . My cats love it and get some surprising air . Even my older girl -LRB- 13 -RRB- gets interested when she sees the kids playing.But ... the girls ate through the cheap , cotton string in less than a minute . The feathered bird will last one maybe two play times before it 's destroyed . Just like the photos other customers have provided . -LRB- My thanks to all of you . -RRB- It 's just not worth the money for the basic toy with the rod or the replacement feather toys . Really , $ 3.50 to $ 4.50 for each toy ? Come on.I can use a wooden dowel rod from the hardware store , 1/8 inch suede lace from the craft shop and a couple of plastic wire ties to make a sturdy replacement . When the cats chew up the plastic end of the feather toy , I can just tie the leather lace around the feathers and it works just fine -LRB- until they break the feathers . -RRB-
 I would love to have received a useable cat toy ! This Da Bird Value Pack was supposed to include the original 3 foot wand toy and 2 replacement feathers . I only received the replacement feathers ! We ca n't use that . Am returning it for a refund ! My cat is upset , too ! Hissss !
 Okay , so if my cat was reviewing this toy , he 'd give it 10 stars , super fun & he loves it . However , after less than 2 weeks of use , the string is all bunched up on itself and wo n't straighten out . After just a couple swings back and forth it goes from about 3 feet length of string to about 1 foot , all curled up on itself . I need to figure out how to replace the string and still keep it attached . Very disappointing .
 A $ 10 cat toy with $ 7 refills -LRB- my local price , or amazon + shipping -RRB- should last more than 24 hours . The stupid toy is MEANT to be pounced on and chewed , why is n't it made to tolerate that ? One of four feathers came off it as we took it out of the package , the other 3 were gone by next morning . MAJOR rip-off !
 this toy seems great at first but has caused my kitty to have a seizure everytime she plays with it . It went in the trash tonight after casuing the 4th episode since we purchased it . BE CAREFUL !
 The feather end attaches to the string/cord via a small metal thing-a-ma-jimmy . Whilst playing with my cat with this toy , that metal piece wacked her in the eye . She ran and wont play with Da Bird again . -LRB- Thank heavens her eye was not damaged . -RRB- This toy is a waste of money
 The product arrived quickly and intact . However , the design of the product is such that it tangled and knotted up within the first week . I wound up buying a different toy at Pet Smart with a better design .
 We recently purchased a `` Da Bird '' cat toy , as it was recommended on the ASPCA website . We 've had the toy for about 1 week and used it approximately a dozen times with our two 1.5 year old cats . We were initially very pleased with the toy - our cats loved it and we were excited to find a simple and affordable toy that provided so much enjoyment and exercise.However , last night as I was using Da Bird with our cats , I felt some sharp fibrous needles on my hand where I was holding the wand . Upon closer inspection it was apparent that the wand , made of fiberglass , was splintering and had left hundreds of shards of fiberglass in the palm of my hand and fingertips . The shards are painful and tiny . Removal was only possible with tweezers and a flashlight , even then only the largest shards could be extracted from my hand.Needless to say , we were quite alarmed by the hazard Da Bird was causing , not only to humans , but more seriously , to our cats . One of our cats is especially fond of playing with and chewing on the wand end of other ` fishing pole ' type cat toys we have had . Had he gotten a paw or his mouth on the splintering fiberglass wand , he would have been in serious danger.Upon doing a simple Google search of `` Da Bird fiberglass splinter '' we came across several product review sites and online cat forums where people had suffered from the fiberglass splinters , however these warnings are not obvious when buying the item for the first time . Given that Da Bird 's manufacturer , Go Cat , prides itself on `` Quality interactive cat toys handcrafted in the USA '' , we highly recommend that they issue a warning to resellers of the toy , post a warning on their website and immediately change to a more safe and durable material to prevent serious injuries to cats and humans . We have also contacted the ASPCA and Go-Cat -LRB- the maker -RRB- in hopes that they will take steps to improve the safety of this product .
 We have a full house when it comes to felines , so we have purchased numerous Da Birds for at least the past 10 years . In May 2010 , we purchased a new Da Bird and noticed the design is completely different from the Original Da Bird . In the original design , the feather was a ball-chain connect and the handle was one long , heavy piece of plastic . The new design uses what looks like a fishing lure -LRB- which is very sharp and I had to cover it with duct tape -RRB- , and the handle is in two pieces , which separates , thin and flimsy . The feather no longer flutters like a bird , but merely soars through the air . It 's obvious from my review that I am displeased with the design changes . I will now be on a mission to find a different bird toy that is sturdy and emulates a flying , fluttering bird . Sorry Da Bird , this feline lover has flown the coop ...
 Da Bird is my cat 's favorite toy . She can play with it many times a day and never gets tired of it , which of course is not the case for other toys . However , my most recent purchase has a bad string that tangles up after a few swings . We need to pause our play and spend a minute or two to get the string straight again . Then repeat this after another few seconds of play.Comparing this string with our old one , I can see that they are made from different materials . The new one looks cheap . I am not sure if all Da Birds have this problem or just the ones from my seller . I am searching for a replacement string in craft/sports stores but have not found a good one yet .
 My cats loved this toy . My 12 year old Siamese was excited to see the latest version of his favorite plaything , but after 15 minutes the shaft shattered and my daughter was left with fiberglass splinters in her fingers . Very hard to remove . This toy needs to be redesigned or taken off the market . There is no excuse for it failing in this manner .
 Thus collar gave my cat a terrible sore after being on for 2 days . Even after the collar was removed and wound cleaned out it took months to heal entirely .
 Maybe my kitten is just a cat Houdini , but he keeps getting his collar off . Not very helpful with keeping the fleas off him if the collar keeps coming off first . Thumbs down !
 Though this flea collar is cheap , it does n't do anything against fleas . For the period that I used this product , the number of fleas actually rose on my cat . Granted there may be a different reason for the increase of fleas , the fleas were generally located on my cat 's head , right by the collar . In fact , many of them were right behind his ears , and he would actually scratch around the collar where the fleas were biting him . Also , there is a lot of white dust on the collar when you get it . Some of the dust fell onto my cat 's coat around his front legs - so watch out for this and make sure to get the dust off of them before they clean themselves .
 Wellmark cat flea/tick collars . The product I ordered was ` breakaway ' flea collars . Their sku on their website is # 46200 for this product . The product I received was SKU # 46200 , but it was NOT a breakaway collar , but the much cheaper buckle type -LRB- can not use on outdoor cats -RRB- . If you order , you will undoubtedly get the wrong item as I did because they have not fixed their problem .
 My dog has no interest in this toy . I thought this was rubber like the Kong toys that hold a treat inside . However its just a hard plastic toy that my dog has hardly noticed . It was supposed to be &#34; chicken flavor &#34; not sure how they did that . Waste of money .
 My dog loves chewing , and loves bones but has shown no interest in this . Even when i slather it in peanut butter . Waste of money for me unfortunately .
 Unfortunately , my big chewing dog who goes through a large rawhide bone per day was absolutely not interested in this bone . I tried putting peanut butter on it -- she licked it off . I ended up sending it back and getting the large , black Kong rubber bone that allows you to put treats in either end . She loves it ! Plus , it 's soft enough that it does n't bang on our hardwood floors .
 My new basset hound -LRB- a rescue -RRB- is extremely active , so thought maybe a bone would give him a way to expend energy . Read reviews , five stars , I guess.When the bone arrived , read the small insert about the products of the company . Indicated that the bone was not for any dog with permanent teeth . Felt cheated . Reviewed the product information . In some one star reviews problems referred to.No problem , since my basset sniffed it once and would have nothing to do with it.Feel it is almost false advertising to not include the `` no dog with permanent teeth '' in product reviews . From the way I read reviews , many happy people were giving the bone to fully grown dogs.All I know is what the included product information says , but , as I say , to omit that from the product information is almost false advertising in my opinion .
 Our 1 year old APBT loves this thing , he truly does and we also got the lower level black rubber version which he has damn near destroyed completely after a few months . But this Nylabone does pose a threat because they can actually chew off little jagged sections of the Nylon/plastic material and then swallow it . Now anyone who gives dogs a bone , they want to knaw and eat it , it 's just natural.Imagine swallowing something like that ... they sit and hack and yack their brains out trying to get it down their throat or out . After the 4th time I ended up just throwing the bone out . Got sick of watching my male hacking his brains out trying to clear the piece.So even though it 's really nearly indestructible , it 's also not very safe for very large powerful dogs . I 've had dogs for over 30 years and it 's nearly impossible to find something that 's totally safe and indestructible for powerful large dogs . I guess we 'll have to keep searching .
 It seems like good quality but it has no natural feel it doesnt smell like beef or feel like a beef bone , my dog showed no interest in it .
 This product broke my and many other dogs ' teeth . Nylon is not a suitable replacement for bone . Worse news
 We humans may find this an attractive and safe bone alternative - but it seems to be totally boring from a canine perspective . My dog who usually loves to chew anything -LRB- bones , rawhide , wood , etc. -RRB- could not care less about this `` bone '' . I tried several times to get her interested in the Nylabone - to no avail . At this point , she will not even take it into her mouth when I try to hand it to her .
 I read the reviews on this product and figured I would spend the money -LRB- even though I thought it was too pricey for a chew toy -RRB- ... But , if the dog loved it , and it lasted as long as the reviews claimed , it would be well worth it.The nylabone arrived ... I gave it to my dog ... and she was not interested . AT ALL . She is a doberman , and a big chewer . She loves all types of rawhides and bones , she will gnaw on them all day until there is only a slobbery stub remaining . Maybe this was too expensive for her tastes ... ? I thought maybe if I gave it some time , she would decide she really DOES like the nylabone , and all would be right with the world ... After about a week and a half of trying to get her to see things my way , we have decided that no , she really does not like it at all ... Before you spend all the money on this bone , you might want to start with a smaller nylabone product to see if your dog will like it .
 We have a 52 lbs Boxer who had done serious damage to this on the same night he recieved it . 2 days later with other bones/toys to play with the bone was nearly unsafe to continue to give him . Most likely will be contacting Nylabone regarding this purchase .
 We had to return this because it was not as described in the Amazon website . It was supposed to be for a large dog , but it was for an extra large dog . We could see that it was HUGE , but we opened the package -LRB- which was a struggle in itself -RRB- and tried it with both of our dogs . It was just way too big .
 We have a pit bull mix and the knots at either end are too large for him to carry it and the `` shaft '' between the knots is too short for him to carry it . Thus his mouth is too small for the knots and too big for shaft .
 I have a German Shepherd who likes to chew non stop . I thought this would be a good , may be slightly more durable chew toy for him , but unfortunately it did n't work . He showed no interest at all , despite my several attempts of encouragement.I tried taking all the other toys away , stopped giving him rawhide -LRB- even the toughest rawhide takes no more than 30 mins for him to go through , by the way , but failed . I think part of the reason is the weight : this bone seems to be a little too heavy and clunky , and he has no interest in carrying it . That , and may be the lack of flavor.It might work great for some dogs , but make sure you try similar and cheaper products before you get this one .
 Whatever you do , do n't buy any of the hard plastic Nylabone products for your dog ! I made the mistake and am now paying for it with major dental expenses ! My two year old Corgi has slab fractures on his big molar teeth both sides from chewing on these bones ! It is not fixable and will likely result in tooth extractions , and for a young dog , this is just horrific ! Stay clear !
 I was so excited to finally find a product that my 1 yr old Rotti/German Shepherd could probably have fun with , and purchased based on all the positive comments . She 's constantly over-turning and tearing up my mother 's plastic flower pots or any other hard plastic product she finds , so I know she wants something she can chew on -LRB- her other favorite toys are the rope toys and her squeeze ball -RRB- . I got this yesterday and after a brief `` training '' session on her commands , I presented her with this bone as a treat to play with ... she licked it a few times and walked off !! I could n't understand why as it 's the beef flavored one and she loves the rawhide chew bones , but she goes through those in no time , so I thought giving her this would at least last a while . I tried several times to get her to play with it , put it in her mouth , but she just let it drop when she realized she could n't chew through it ... it 's just too hard.I left her with it hoping she 'd eventually use it . I went inside and read the little slip of paper that was inside the package , with the guidelines and read that non-edible toys -LRB- made with nylon , etc -RRB- are specially designed for young teething pups and should NOT be given to dogs with ANY permanent teeth !! There is absolutely no mention of this in Amazon 's product description or on the back of the package itself.When I went back out , she was making a few attempts to play with it , but I had to take it from her as I did n't want her to damage her teeth ... I 'm so disappointed . I 've asked for a refund . I 'll just have to continue my search for another chew toy she 'll like : - -LRB-
 So I bought this kennel to place inside my garage for my dogs to stay in instead of having to place them in a crate when I cant watch them . This kennel weights about 100lbs and it not sturdy enough to hold in any dog over 40 lbs . A dog over that weight , if wanted to , can easily knock the entire kennel over and just walk out . It does come in a small box which is easy to transport and the packaging is pretty fair . I love the 2 configurations but just cant get over the fact that they stated that the kennel is made for large dogs as well as small . This kennel IMO should strictly be used for puppies or small to maybe medium sized dogs . A determined Lab or shepard WILL be able to knock it over and just walk right out . It also comes with a roll out chain link which is pretty weak , not sure what gauge it is as it is not stated . The chain link was all tangled up that it did take some time to untangle . Any adult would be able to lift a side of the kennel up if they wanted to , this is just to give you a idea of how light this product really is . For the price you get what you pay for , so all in all ; if you are using this kennel for puppies or small dogs as a dog run or play pen then this kennel would be able to serve those purposes . If you have a shepard or lab or collie you would then have to reinforce the kennel by maybe attaching it to the wall or whatever you can think of . It is pretty easy to put together or take apart .
 Missing pieces -- terrible directions -- and it 's so heavy that once it 's out of the box and you realize pieces are n't what they should be -- it 's too much to pack back up and return -- we made it work -- we 're using it to surround a vegetable garden -- but if it was to be used for what it is intended for -LRB- a dog run -RRB- it would be a total loss ... I always have the feeling that somewhere in China someone is laughing at stupid Americans trying to assemble Chinese products ...
 Recieved this contraption about a month ago . Bought it for my dad who acquired my pitbull/doberman mix when i moved and our baby come along.It looks great in its pictures and you would think that it should be easy enough to put together . Thats not the case . When we got it out of the box and tried to unroll it , the bottom/top of the fencing was not twisted , just loose ends like it was uncomplete . It was so bad that after hours of unrolling it inch by inch and twisting ends back together , we gave up . Weeks later , its still not up due to the aggravtion factor . Not to mention the fencing itself has got to be ther thinnest , cheapest metal i have ever come across.For such a pain in the a. . , you would be better off going to home depot and buying material and doing it yourself . You have to assemble this as you would your own material , so the only difference would be quality of material and starting from scratch , not someone elses headache.DO NOT BUY . unless you have way too much time on your hands .
 even with all the hold down wires in place , a 6 months year old GSP chewed a hole through the bottom of the fence on the second time in there ... . can i still return it ? ...
 I received this product very quickly from Amazon , it was well packed and easy to move.The instructions were clear and the parts are all marked clearly and the frame took all of 10 minutes to put together , not too bad right ... . wrong !! . The chain link was all kinked up and took an hour to unkink . Once that was done , I was able to stretch it around the frame but the links are so low grade that unkinking and stretching damaged half of it !! The quality of the product is very low grade , if it was n't so badly damaged I would return it but I guess you get what you pay for.My advise , if possible have a nice one professionally built or build your own if you so inclined , you will get alot more time out of it and have something that will secure your precious pet .
 I first realized that I needed a small hold area for my playful hyperactive rescue dog . He is an escape artist and I thought this would be a good option for him to hang out while mopping and cleaning . All the parts are included and assembly is not that bad . I assembled this product by myself and took about an hour . For the money the frame assembly is okay.However , the chain-link fence roll that comes with it ... is totally worthless . The metal ties are just as useless . Rolling out the chain-link is next to impossible and will be easily damaged if the installer is not patient untangling the metal roll . I used my own metal ties to secure the fence to the frame , due to the manufacturer supplying soft aluminum ties . If your dog is more than 40 lbs , you may want to use a better ties also.I moved the location of this box kennel a month after purchase , and the chain-link fence is definitely worthless . You 'll understand if you decide on this model . I would not recommended this product to anyone , and I will pay the extra money for a quality product when the need arises .
 we felt robbed when we got them . I thought I had got a great deal and it was sure not . We paid to you 40 % more per bone then at the pet store . You showed more bones then what you really get . Great advertising but I am sure for allot of people it will be a one time deal .
 Nasty smell ; I went back to Virbac dental chews . My dogs preferred the V. and even act like they 're treats .
 doge save for later , wo n't eat . after one bite , the dog leaves rope alone . i wo n't buy anymore of these .
 I purchased the Lucky Dog 5 x 15 foot weatherguard Kennel Roof System less than a year ago from Atwoods and the tarp is disintegrating . It is shedding small silver flakes all over the place and has developed a large tear . This cover is in an open area that is not exposed to falling limbs or excessive pine straw , just a lot of hot Arkansas sun . I am very disappointed in this tarp because I have car covers , boat covers , motorcycle covers , propane grill covers , etc. that are several years old and they are holding up fine . This tarp did n't even last a year . I like the kennel , it was n't to difficult to put together and it gives you the option of 5 x 15 feet or 10 x 10 feet . But I do not recommend this cover . You can purchase a much cheaper tarp that will hold up for several years .
 Bought this for a very sick cat whom I 've been force-feeding for two weeks . She has thyroid cancer and ca n't swallow regular food , and I was hoping she would be able to lap it up , since she still drinks water . She would not drink it , so after reading a couple of reviews here I tried force-feeding her some . She vomited it back up within a couple of minutes -LRB- she does n't vomit the other food -RRB- . For comparison , I tried giving it to my healthy cat who loves everything . She would n't touch it , and when I rubbed some on her nose to give her a taste , she shied away from the saucer I set in front of her.I looked for an expiration date on the can , but found none , so I ca n't tell if it could be spoiled . It does n't smell spoilied . Worst , I got this at PetCo , and paid $ 10 for a single can . So , neither cat liked it , and my sick cat could n't keep it down . From other reviews , it looks like results vary .
 The one-star rating is for the company , not the product . As was a previous reviewer , I too was misled in thinking I was going to receive the meal replacement , but instead received the meal supplement . These are two totally different products . I should 've listen to person who reviewed this previously , but I was thinking that maybe that was a one-time mistake as no one else seemed to have the problem ... WRONG ! This misrepresentation really needs to be corrected ! If you are looking for the meal REPLACEMENT , order elsewhere .
 I purchased the Lucky Dog 5 x 15 foot weatherguard Kennel Roof System less than a year ago from Atwoods and the tarp is disintegrating . It is shedding small silver flakes all over the place and has developed a large tear . This cover is in an open area that is not exposed to falling limbs or excessive pine straw , just a lot of hot Arkansas sun . I am very disappointed in this tarp because I have car covers , boat covers , motorcycle covers , propane grill covers , etc. that are several years old and they are holding up fine . This tarp did n't even last a year . I like the kennel , it was n't to difficult to put together and it gives you the option of 5 x 15 feet or 10 x 10 feet . But I do not recommend this cover . You can purchase a much cheaper tarp that will hold up for several years .
 I expected my cat -LRB- 7 months or so -RRB- to love this mat , from seeing all the reviews . She sleeps on it sometimes , but usually only when I put her on it . Not that great , would n't buy again !
 I bought this at a much higher price at a pet store recently.It looks great but our cat does n't seem to care much about it.Since it never seemed that warm when I felt it after the cat did lay there , I decided to try it out myself - both sides - and for some length of time.No noticeable warmth at all .
 No problem with the seller . The product , though , is a slab of polyester which does not resemble the picture . Polyester is famous for NOT retaining heat and I almost suspect that some of the other reviews on this product are plants . Maybe it is strictly designed for cats -LRB- ? -RRB- , but my dog has no interest in laying on this thing even though she shivers in any temperature below 70 . On the bright side , it 's not ugly , so maybe my dog will be interested when it gets even colder . So far , no good , though .
 I 'm sure these are wonderful mats for cats that will actually lie on them . However , my cats refused to go anywhere near these mats . I do n't think they like the crinkly noise it makes when they walk on it .
 Even though this thing is obviously hideous , I bought it thinking it was a good price and it would be great when the winter comes around -LRB- and my cat tends to be cold with the a/c on anyway -RRB- . I liked that you do n't have to plug it in , but I think it 's crappy . My kitten has zero interest in it and she does like things that crinkle . I do n't see that it provides any significant warmth , either . I do n't know what people are raving about , but this thing pretty much sucks . I should have returned it .
 My cat wo n't go near it ! The mat makes a crinkle sound likes a space blanket and really scares the cat . She runs from it . The dog is n't interested in it . Maybe it would work as a kind of heating pad for me . It uses reflected heat rather than electricity so it could be used with a back cushion .
 Bought this bed approximately 1 month ago . My cat does not like/use this product . It simply does not get warm enough for her . She would rather sit on the computer or other warmed surface . I regret my purchase and have now purchased a plug in variety . This product 's application should be limited to areas where electricity is not available for a plug in heated bed , as it is an inferior alternative.It appears to be a generally well made product . If I had to guess , it is a mylar/aluminum `` emergency blanket '' inside 2 pieces of `` fleece '' . The mylar would account for the crinkle noise , which my cat does n't mind . it only took her seconds to get used to it . It is quite large and I ca n't imagine that any housecat would not fit on it . At $ 15 the price is reasonable .
 I do n't think my cats get what this mat is for and they just avoid stepping on this mat . Too bad
 I read the reviews and then bought 2 of these for our cat . She does n't like them . We have put them in all her favorite spots and repeatedly tried to get her to stay on one . Nope , she just moves somewhere else . I think it 's the sound the pads make , crinkly . The size is good , no problems there . Well , you know how cats are ... go figure .
 We have 8 cats in our household ... from a 4 month old kitten to a 15-year old cranky cat . None of the cats go out of their way to sit on this mat . I 've tried placing it on the cat tree shelf , in one of the kitty condo cubes , on a bench that several lay on , near the wood stove , etc. . The cats do n't go out of their way to use the mat . The do n't necessarily avoid it ... since I have seen three of the cats sit , lay or sleep on it , but it happens infrequently and they do n't seem to care about it one way or the other . I do n't feel I 've wasted money , because I had to try out the mat , but I probably would n't buy another .
 I take care of cats who have been dumped in my neighborhood so thought getting three self-warming mats would make them happy campers . They hate them and pull them off of the large chairs I have on my front porch . I have three older self-warming blankets that I bought at Petsmart many years ago and some of my cats will sleep on them and stay warm . Good idea but the fabric might be bothering them even though I have washed them twice in case there was a smell to them .
 They seem well made but my cats do n't care for them . I got these so my cats would sleep on them and would n't get fur all over my bed . To my great frustration my cats happily sleep right next to them instead of on them . I have only occasionally seen a cat sleep on one of them . There certainly is n't any magic cat attractor about them . Might as well be old towels which work just as well , which is to say , hardly at all .
 This is a nice , well-made mat , but for some reason my cats do n't like it . I 've tried it in several places where they lay , but they stay off it . I think maybe it 's the crinkle . They just like cheap fleece blankets better than anything !
 I would not buy this product again . My cat will lay on it for an extended time and yet it is still cool to the touch . Should have bought something else .
 i brought this just a little over 3 weeks , seems like i have to force my cats into layin on it and follow them around so i can place it were they are laying . it was on sale and had such good rating i thought they were for sure would love this mat . am dissapointed since i had high expectations . the only place that i seen them actually lay on it is on the dryer . will not recommend nor buy another one .
 I have a 12 year old cat and maybe that had something to do with it . She wont get near it . I heard such great reviews and thought it would be for wonderful for her but it did n't work out .
 Sorry , this is not what it is said to do . Any blanket would have done the same thing . Not happy at all
 My cat does not like this mat , as it makes a crinkle sound when she walks across it . I did wash it to remove the odd smell , and hung it over a towel rack to dry . Will place it in a window where she can watch outside again in a few weeks .
 I 'm not sure how anyone gave this five stars but to each < cat > his own , I guess . My cat would n't go near his new igloo with this thing inside . It 's flat and crinkly ... not at all puffy and fluffy looking like the picture . I 'm not even sure where it is now . I think my cat nudged it out of the igloo and the wind must have blown it away . Saved me the trouble of tossing it . I could n't even think of another use for it . Pity .
 My cat is one of those who just wo n't stay on this mat , no matter what we do . My husband and I have tried leaning on it , and we ca n't perceive any feeling of warmth , so maybe our cat does n't either . I 've been too busy to return it , but I should , if it 's not too late . Guess I 'll have to try a heating pad or electrified pet mat for her .
 My cat hates this mat . The inner `` thermal '' layer is made of some material that makes a high pitched crinkly noise that repels my cat . He wo n't go near it . It 's going back .
 I bought this thinking my 2 new kittens would love it . It may as well mot be in the room - they could not care about it less . On the other hand it is pretty and has a soft rustling sound .
 I agree with others that it may be the crinkly sound this item makes when my kittie walked on it that made her not like it . It now just sits there ...
 This mat is a total waste of money . A friend and I ordered mats at the same time and we agree they do nothing . They make noise and DO NOT reflect back any body heat . Do not purchase . She ordered two and I ordered three !!
 After years of not having a pet , I adopted a Maine Coon cat this fall and after reading the favorable reviews for this product I purchased two of them . The idea was that I would put one in the chair where he liked to sleep and one on the floor near my computer . Unfortunately , he hated them and he ended up flattening out a large paper bag to sleep on . I bought some catnip spray that supposedly would help a cat get used to a new bed . That did n't work either . You can check out my picture on this product -- he sleeps fine on the paper bag . Some people said the mat is too small for a Maine Coon but so is the paper bag . I do n't hate the product at all , it just does n't work for my cat .
 I can not verify that this mat keeps my pets any warmer whatsoever . Like other reviewers , when I feel the bed either while my cats are on it or having just left it it feels like any other pet bed . Not scientific , I know . I would give it three stars if it were just that but when you add in the crinkling you lose a star ! Not a terrible mat , but not a warmer mat . Just get your pets a regular bed with a less offensive print and no crinkle factor . -LRB- NOTE
 These drops were so harsh , yet did nothing . We followed the directions to the best of our ability -LRB- appplying 4-5 drops a day , then swabbing out -RRB- , but after 5 days we had to stop because our cat 's ear had become so irritated she was rubbing the fur off of her paw and ear from cleaning it so much . Once we stopped , the entire inside of her ear scabbed up and flaked off , shedding disgusting ear nuggets all over our apartment for several days . The scab-shedding has finally stopped , but she still has ear mites !
 My poor cat has ear mites . I diligently followed the instructions and her ears are all red and scaly . Terrible terrible product . You 're better off going to the feed store and buying ivermectin paste . Now that 's about the same price , maybe a buck or two more and figure out the correct dosage -LRB- 24 MICROGRAMS / kilo -RRB- . Sucks sucks suck !
 I 've had cats for over 50 years as pets , and ear mite problems have occurred occasionally over the years . Other ear mite treatments I 've used in the past seem to work fine . These do n't do anything . Not only that they are expensive but the packaging is misleading . It says each tube has 100 drops . I got 40 out of the second tube -LRB- the only one I counted -RRB- . Buy another brand .
 This only gets one star because it wo n't let me rate it as zero . DO NOT buy this to use on your pet ! I decided I would use it for a couple of days between when I noticed my cat had mites and when the vet could fit her in . I only used it once and I 'm glad that was it ! The vet said that he has seen animals die from using it . She 's now on prescriptions to knock out the infection caused by it irritating her ears . Do n't take the risk !
 Wondering how Hartz even stays in the pet product business.I am guessing it is from a lot of one-time customers!We already knew to not use flea products from them , and not to buy theircatnip -LRB- it comes from China , and the last box infected an entire tub ofcatnip I 'd had of another brand with some sort of strange little bugs . I hadto discard a huge amount of catnip ! -RRB- . Now I am passing on this product too , and will never buy Hartz items again.We just used this for our two cats . While they had no visible ear mites , both were starting to scratch at their ears quite a bit , which is often thefirst sign of mites starting up . We always treat both cats at the same timeso we can mark it on the calendar.Well , this product irritated their ears so much ! I did the right amount of drops ineach ear -LRB- and this item is extremely oily -RRB- . I rubbed it in , then carefully wiped off the outerear with a cotton ball to get any excess . I did this a couple times that evening , becausethey 'd flip their heads and get more oil on the outer edge . I did n't want them ingesting thisif at all possible , so was pretty diligent about wiping the outer ear.By the next day , our older cat 's ears were fiery hot to the touch ! It was like he had a fever.He was still messing with his ears , but this time , it seemed more from discomfort than itchiness.He was also trying to rub his ears on the carpet , never a good sign . By the following day , hisear was so red , I was afraid it was going to need a vet trip . I took a warm washcloth and gentlywashed his ears off to get any remaining medicine off his ears as much as possible . I took a Q-tip toremove what I could a little bit further in , but you ca n't go very far in on a cat 's ear.Our youngest one hid from me for the rest of the evening , and I can only assume that she too wasnot feeling well from the medicine . Around midnight , I went into the bathroom and found that shehad thrown up all of her dinner -LRB- from around 5 pm -RRB- into a big pile on the bathroom floor . She feltmiserable ! I cleaned her ears as much as possible too - she probably ingested a little bit thoughsince she hid for several hours.This stuff must burn like fire to the cats!I know a fungicide is going to be a little uncomfortable - medicine does have to work.But it does n't have to be so painful , and cause the cats so much misery.Hartz needs to get out of the pet business , or stick to just making dishes or balls.Most of their stuff comes from China , and I think it must have a lot of loose guidelines there forpurity of product.I am DONE with all Hartz items . You 've caused my cats problems for the last time !
 I noticed my 35 week old cat had ear mites . So I bought this stuff as a quick fix and turns out it can cause more problems than I thought . I knew the Hartz medications werent all that effective to begin with , but figured I should at least try the treatment and hope it helped at least a little bit . . However , my cat has gotten sick from ingesting the medicine . After the 2nd day of treatment , he started acting funny so i called my vet and she told me to immediately stop use . He had been cleaning himself after treatment and ate too much of the medicine . After speaking to my vet I stoped use and will NEVER buy Hartz products again . They are not safe and very irritating to the animal . He still rubs his ears and has been vomiting since the first day of treatment . Not a good purchase at all . Just go see a vet for ear mite issues .
 This is just a terrible product . Total waste of money and energy put into treatment . The directions were followed precisely and did absolutely nothing in treating the ear mites of my two cats . Save the time , money , energy and trauma of treating your cat 's ears and try another product . I just treated with the Otomite Plus product you can find here on Amazon and it seems to have done the trick .
 it is so sad to see the reviews hereI had read that ear mite treatment can be very harsh and clearly it is the case as the reviews showwhy would anyone want to put chemicals in their ears anywayI found a natural treatment which is a lot more medicine in the bottle and without harmful side effects , who needs to cause more pain to ears that are already sore . not me!this is good for getting rid of ear mites in cats , dogs and other animals tooDr Dogs Ear Oil 60 mL Pet Ear Infection Treatment/Ear Cleaner
 The first several times I purchased this ball at the grocery store . They then stopped carrying this brand of ball . I was forced to find the product online . My dog is very picky about his squeaky ball . It has a great annoying squeak that he absolutely loves !! However , the company changed the ball slightly and now my dog hates it . The vinyl is harder and thicker than it use to be and the spikes are actually Pokey SPIKES . They use to be softer and rounder on the end and it was easier for him to squeak . The dog I purchased for is 21 lbs , and the 3 inch ball is too hard for him . Might be okay for a bigger dog but then they might chew through the ball if they are an avid chewer or squeaker.Today , I purchased six of the Ethical brand three-inch-squeaky-ball with colored tips , it looks softer and the tips are more round like the one he use to play with . Hopefully these will be better . Vo-Toys go back to the design you had a few years ago please ... . The only thing that stayed the same was the annoying squeaker which is what my dog LOVES !!! I would not mind paying more for a product that my dog loves . If it is made cheaper and he wo n't play with it , then I still wasted my money .
 I bought the 10 Gallon setup , It was not like the picture that is showed when you select the 10 gallon . it does NOT look like its worth its $ 24.55 price.again , it looks nothing like advertised . it looks more like the 20 gallon set up . also it dose not come with tubes for the air .
 I ordered the 15/20 gallon model . It should have been 12 X 24 inch . A 10 gallon model showed up and wo n't cover the whole bottom of the tank . I have these in all my fish tanks They are great and they work as good as they say . Just wanted the one I paied for .
 It had alot of filler , rice product I guess . I usually buy the Natural Balance Lamb Roll , and I will go back to that .
 We treated our cat and dog with this product , both of them became very ill , vomiting and shaking for some 8 hours . Symptoms presented themselves approximatly 2 hours after application . We followed the instrustions carefully .
 THE PRODUCT DID N'T PROVIDE ME WITH DESIRED RESULTS.IT MAY WELL PROVIDE OTHERS WITH EXCELLENT RESULTS .
 I got the lupine collar and leash for my new aussie pup . While the collar and leash was quite pretty , it was not a very usable for us as the collar was too hard and the leash clasp pushed in which made my thumb get in the way when trying to put the leash on the puppy . I tried getting a thinner collar , but the puppy still did n't like it and kept on scratching at it . I finally wound up getting at PetSmart a Top Paw buckle collar and leash with a clasp that pulled down which allowed easier attachment to collar . The collar was much softer and my puppy has taken to it easily .
 I got this for my pug-zu puppy because the one I originally bought her was too big , this one fit really good which is the only good thing about it . She did not even wear this for a week before I noticed it was completely frayed . When I did notice the fraying I took it off her only to realize that the couple of times that I had adjusted it -LRB- because she seemed to be gagging a bit -RRB- it was only loosening on one side of the collar , the other side remained tight , almost like it was a mistake in how it was sewn . Over all I loved it when I recieved it but if it 's going to be ruined in the first week , why bother ?
 I was not happy with this collar - it is way to stiff - it felt like it would dig into the poor puppy 's neck . I gave it one star because it is cute .
 I thought it would be more substantial than it is . It is not usable for us - maybe for a toy dog .
 I bought it because the man at Petco said that it had a lifetime warrenty . It stopped working after 7 mos & Petco wo n't give me a new one . I need to go thru the manufacture . My fish ca n't wait a week or 2 + for a new heater , so I need to buy one today . I will not be buying this one nor will I buy from Petco .
 Do n't buy this item here . Get it at your pet store or even WallMart for half the price -LRB- without shipping -RRB- . It 's not their fault . Their charge for shipping is equal to the price of the comb .
 The picture in the description is NOT the item being sold . This one is the tiny 1 pint sized feeder without a center chain holder , and the stated diameter is that of the seed catcher at the bottom - not the feeding tube . I seriously doubt more than one bird could fit on this feeder at a time.Don ' t get snookered like I did .
 This APPEARS BROWN , what you RECIEVE is GREENThis product appears brown however what you recieve is green.I have emailed the merchant to see what can be done but , be aware .
 really cool toy for a puppy , my chihuahua loved it when she was really young but she got tired really easy of it , i had to give the toy away . really good material and colors are a little more opaque in real life .
 My little dog is very used to having her teeth cleaned -- she likes it . She was not that happy with the gel but she still allowed me to clean her teeth . I did n't see any improvement in her teeth and I found it very difficult to use -- getting it out of the container onto the finger brush was just impossible . I had to open it and put it on a little plate and then dip the finger brush into it -- too fussy for my life . I did n't like the smell either.It 's Feb 17 and I have gone back to her usual tooth paste and she and I are both happier . She likes the taste of her old paste and I prefer the efficiency of how much easier it is to use .
 I bought this for my dogs teeth . Then I read that one of the top ingredients is alcohol . So I have n't used it . How can giving alcohol to your dogs be good for them ? And they do n't mention it , just the herbs , etc. , so you do n't know until you buy it .
 Brandy , just hated it . Had to return it . She got stomach aches and acid reflux after 2 use of it . I did n't see a noticeable improvement of her teeth . Returned the damn item , they charged me $ 6 for shipping , so got almost nothing back .
 I ordered a bottle of this gel last year , and my dog absolutely loved it . I had no trouble putting it on his teeth , and he would even lick it off of my hand . I recently ordered a bottle of the salmon oil gel , and he went crazy when I put it in his mouth , shaking his head and slinging saliva everywhere . I decided to try the peppermint gel , and the same thing happened . Something in this gel does not agree with my dog , and I would never use this on him again . So now I am back to using a toothbrush and toothpaste , which he does not mind at all . I emailed Petz Life about this and asked if I could get a gel without a flavor like the first bottle I ordered , but they have never responded !
 I initially reviewed the pink cream PetzLife Oral Care Cream approximately 4-5 years ago.It was a terrific product that eliminated my rescues ' serious dental health problems -- bleeding gums , significant plaque ridden teeth , loose teeth , and poor quality breath . I rated it as a miracle product.I have recently started using the peppermint gel and I find that it is not as effective on my dogs ' teeth as the original cream.It did not adhere to the teeth and it tends to be too thin . I went back to using the thicker cream in the much larger size , and it was not as effective as it was 4-5 years earlier.I do not know what has changed about the product , but it no longer provides the quality it once did .
 This did not work , I have since returned it . Do n't waste your money on it . Glad I was able to return it as it was pricey .
 Encouraged by the reviews , I bought this for my rat terrier . No results with the first bottle so I contacted the manufacturer . Felt I was n't using enough of the gel so bought a second bottle and tried again , being careful to follow their instructions to the letter . After 2 bottles I still see no change in her teeth . Looks like we will have to get a cleaning at the vet after all .
 Please be careful when using this product ! My dog developed bilious vomiting syndrome the day I used this product , after just one time use ! I had to give her meds to treat the condition . This is obviously too harsh for delicate stomaches !
 My chipin 's breath has improved but he threw up almost everyday when I used it . I thought it might have been something else but as soon as I stopped using the spray , the vomiting went away . As soon as I started to use it , the vomiting came back . Alcohol is n't good for humans , how can it be good for dogs ?
 I got Zero results with this product . I used it as directed twice a day . Applied it with a toothbrush or q-tip . I saw no results at all - not even on my dog 's teeth that were just starting to show signs of tartar . I bought the gel after reading comments for the gel vs spray . Do n't see how the product stays on long enough to work . My dog allowed me to apply it but did not like the product whereas she likes pet toothpaste . It has a strong peppermint smell . I purchased it based on the reviews here but was disappointed .
 Have bought it before at Petsmart must have gotten a bad one this one from Amazon had almost clear gel inside very little peppermint smell to it returned it for a refund .
 This product contains alcohol . I am afraid that alcohol given to a dog will not be good for her/him . I did give my Jack Russell Terrier some of the product and she developed a condition similar to lock jaw . I do n't know if this was alcohol related and I ca n't prove it . I do know that she got this problem right after I brushed her teeth with it using the precise directions on the bottle .
 I initially rated this item 5 stars because it worked well and quickly at softening the tartar which allowed it to flake off . However , both of my dogs -LRB- 15 year old border collies -RRB- started to get sick after about 6 days on the product . They started vomiting and got diarrhea . My other dogs that were not on the product did not get sick so I attribute the digestive upset to this oral gel . I used less than the recommended amount , but perhaps the product is just too strong for elderly dogs ' digestive systems.In summary , the product worked well at softening plaque but the digestive side effect was troublesome . I switched to an algae powder food additive that worked much more slowly but did n't make my dogs sick -LRB- Proden Plaqueoff , which I also got through the Amazon site -RRB- .
 My dogs have a small amount of plaque on the back teeth . Being a new dog owner , I did n't know I should brush their teeth until they were six months . I brush them every day now but would like to get rid of the initial build up . So this old plaque is over one year old . I took photographs over the two months I tried this product and noticed no difference . Maybe it works better on `` new plaque '' that is just building up .
 I have to warn small dog owners about using this product without researching the ingredients . Yes , it is all natural but did you know that rosemary oil can be lethal to small dogs ? It can cause seizures . Our mini dachshund had a full blown seizure within a week of starting this product . PLEASE , for your friends sake , do not use this product until you read the warnings on using herbal oils in dog treatments or food . I can not prove that this product caused the seizure but the dog has had no such episodes in his four years of life . He is healthy and full of life . I will not continue using this product on my dogs after reading the effects and dangers of essential oils , specifically rosemary oil , in dog treatments and food . Essential oils are much too concentrated and are nothing like the whole plant . A drop of essential oil is 100 times stronger than a pinch of the herb plant . This product may work great but I will not risk my pet 's well being for the sake of a quick fix .
 After using this product on my dog 's teeth for a month , I noticed that my dog 's teeth were getting cleaner . But then I brought her to the vet and I found out that she lost 10 % of her body weight in the month since starting this regimen . I immediately stopped using this product because I am very worried about my dog 's health . After doing more research , I found out that since it contains grain alcohol , other owners have reported that their dogs have had major damage done to their liver as a result of using this product . I would recommend against anyone using this product if they want to keep their dog healthy .
 Its a little early to see if it really does the job -LRB- one week -RRB- but wanted to get this out to all of you considering purchase . I can comment only on use of product at this time . I have a squeeze bottle rather than the spray . The product is very thick and difficult to squeeze out of bottle . So I remove the cap and squeeze ir to the top and put it on the toothbrush . The cap opening is very small for such a thick liquid . It may be better to use the spray and I may do that the next time , if product truly works as advertised . My Doberman has no problem with rejecting me putting this on his teeth.April 8 , 2011This is an update . It was impossible to squeeze the product out of the bottle . I cut the plastic bottle and removed a very thick goopy gel . There is no way this would easily come out by squeezing . I placed the gel in an open glass container and will continue to use the product . I suspect this product was very old , so I ca n't tell what the outcome will be on my dogs teeth . I a couple of weeks I will try to update.April 24 , 2011After having used it twice daily for many weeks , I see no improvement my dogs placque . I just received my dental scraper and used it today . In a half hour had 90 % removed . I would suggest you purchase one of them and give it a try . This product was a waste of money . The scraper was $ 8.90 and I am very happy . Very disappointed to say the least.November 7 , 2011I now have some concern about this product being unsafe for some dogs . Around June 2011 I noticed my dog was not eating and lost energy . A Vet visit resulted in testing blood . He was diagnosed with Billi-Rubin , which is a liver bile problem . I had stopped using this product around May 2011 . Dr. suggested taking dog to Specialist . I decided to wait . After about 2 months he is now eating and has his energy back-so my feeling is you may want to be very careful using this product . As of this date he is just fine . He is scheduled for Vet appointment in Dec. . No special blood work as I feel is just fine . This may not happen to all dogs but beware and watch your dogs eating habits closely .
 this product is not working . i dont see any inprovement in my dog 's tartar . besides , he does not like the taste of it . if i give him a toothpaste that i bought from the store , he likes the flavor . but with this product , you can really see that he does not like the taste of it . the yellowish discoloration in his tooth is not getting any better .
 For being called a &#34; Variety Bag &#34; this product offered very little actual variety . It contained maybe 5 or 6 other chews , and the rest were cow hooves ! I was definitely not pleased . If I had wanted a bag of cow hooves , I would have ordered one.I wanted actual variety to divide up among the pups and keep them from getting bored . I wound up tossing way too much of the bag , so the value was bad . Hooves are n't very safe for your dog unless they 're fresh and kinda soft , which of course these were not . They splinter , get sharp , and can be dangerous to pet 's gums , teeth and tummies.I 'll clarify
 The shedding does n't seem to be any different but my dog does like the treat.I would suggest just using the Furminator brush , no need to buy this unless your dog really likes it.Mike C.
 I have used these treats faithfully and my Lab is still shedding like a beast .
 I have a shih tzu and bought this groomer clipper kit to keep him shaped between visits to the groomers . Unfortunately , I wasted my money because the clipper will not even cut through his hair . I think I would do better with a mustache trimmer than this clipper . Do yourself a favor and save your money , this clipper is n't strong enough to cut through short hair .
 I 've tried 3 times to trim up my 2 pekepoos and the only thing I 've accomplished is wearing the dogs and myself out . It 's like I 'm combing my dogs with a huge comb . I 'm so disappointed in the trimmers and have wasted my money !
 I bought this last year . It would n't cut any hair on my lhasa poo . I had to use my old one instead . What a waste of money .
 I had purchased this same exact model of clippers almost 5 years ago and they worked perfect so I bought them again expecting the same quality . The first one that I received had less power then the one I purchased years ago which is a major factor especially when trying to use them to trim dogs hair . I returned them for a new pair thinking that the first one was just defective but when I received the replacement it had the same amount of weak power as the first . I 'm really upset with Oster for changing the power of this product over the years .
 These clippers SUCK . I 've tried for quite awhile to get them to cut my dogs one inch hair with the shortest guard and all it does is comb the hair . I took the guard/height guide , started with her legs and now they 're BALD . I want my money back . Marsha
 Brass has Zinc & Iron in it that makes it toxic to birds ... this cage would slowly poision your bird.It is actually big enough for a cockatiel though ...
 I bought this waterer in blue and thought it would be a great alternative to filling my dogs ' water dish every few days . I was n't sure how clean it would stay , but the stickers about the `` Microban '' protection to help prevent mold and bacteria convinced me to give it a try . I realized there were some problems pretty soon .1 - The water resevoir is difficult to fill . The opening is smaller than a regular water bottle . It is n't too difficult to fill if you 're getting water from the tap and do n't turn the sink on too strong , but I wanted filtered water from the fridge . I could n't line up the small opening w/the dispenser in the fridge w/o letting some water trickle down the side of the bottle . This would end up making a puddle on the floor -LRB- or my feet -RRB- .2 - While the le bistro looked clean , some type of slimy film would build up on the bottom of the bowl . In order to clean this off , I would have to dump all the water out , clean the bowl , and then refill the resevoir . Doing this every couple of days before the resevoir is empty defeats the purpose of having a resevoir at all ... I ended up cleaning the le bistro bowl and refilling the water just as often as I did w/a regular bowl -LRB- and the le bistro was more difficult to fill ! -RRB- .3 - You ca n't clean the resevoir . This is what finally made me quit using the le bistro . After about 2-3 months of use , I noticed a section of the resevoir was discolored -- it had mold inside . I ca n't fit any type of wand/brush/sponge / etc inside the resevoir to wipe it off , and I do n't feel comfortable pouring cleaner inside the resevoir since my dogs drink out of it . The opening is so small that putting it in the dishwasher would be useless . I thought about just letting the resevoir air out and see if the mold would dry out and die ... well , it 's been sitting on my kitchen counter for at least 2 months now w/no change . Even if I could clean the resevoir , I 'm sure the mold would be back in another few months anyways.I would n't buy this item again , and I wish I had n't bought it in the first place . I love the idea of giving your dogs a week 's supply of water and not having to worry about refills , but this just wo n't stay clean for that long . With the extra effort involved in cleaning and refilling , I think a regular water bowl is actually easier to use . I simply was n't comfortable letting my dogs drink out of something that looked slimy and was growing mold .
 I bought this product based on others ' success reviews . The first night I tried to give my hermit crabs these , they would n't eat it . I tried again later and they have n't touched it . In my opinion if you have finicky hermit crabs like mine , I would not suggest purchasing this product . I guess I will stick to 100 % cranberries bought at Walmart and some food that the local pet store gave me to try .
 Wire spacing is almost 1 inch and is dangerous , a small or medium bird can easily trap its head ! I returned this to Amazon ASAP !
 So my cat must be the party pooper because she has very little interest in this toy . She will bat the ball a few times and walk away . I wish she 'd use the scratcher , but she prefers my furniture where she can stretch and shred simultaneously . -LRB- wah-wah -RRB- As far as the price , well it appears that you could buy the base with a ping-pong ball for $ 10 and a separate starchaser lighted ball for $ 5 . Or you could buy this for $ 30 . Something just does n't add up .
 Upon receiving my product I opened it . The ball had a tag on it that requires you to pull it out before the ball will light up . I pulled the tab and then rolled the ball . It flashed twice and then failed to flash at all after repeated efforts to roll it .
 I 've ordered this product three times now and each time I get a slightly different version.To me , the product is old and it is hard to pull apart , has very little smell and lacks moisture.When the product has been &#34; good &#34; it is completely different texture , smell and consistency .
 This is just from my experience with my two toy dogs . I bought this after searching the web for something more economical than Pill Pockets , with which I had great success . Both my dogs refused to even lick this after a brief sniff and one of them eats anything.I gave the tub away to someone else to try with their larger dogs.YMMV Hope it works for you if you take a chance and buy it .
 BEWARE ! The item is NOT as pictured . I received a box of the standard beef , chicken , sausage , bacon , etc flavors which is NOT what I wanted at all . So be careful ! This item is NOT returnable.UPDATE
 1 -RRB- Under `` Programming Feeding Cycles '' , I noticed that the instructions for `` Programming 1st Feed Cycle '' require one to not only set the TIME that one wants the feeder to dispense food , but it also requires one to set the NUMBER of `` feeding rotations '' . If someone sets the time , and then hits `` SET '' , and then forgets to set the number of rotations , then the default number of rotations is `` zero '' and no food is dispensed . This increases the possibility that human error will cause the device not to operate as intended , and the fish will starve while you are away on vacation -LRB- the default setting for `` number of rotations '' should be ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- , not ZERO , as it should be obvious to anyone that the user set the timer for a reason ; you do n't expect nothing to happen -RRB- . Why did n't the manufacturer think of this ? 2 -RRB- The feeding device relies solely upon gravity to dispense food ; if the food clumps , then the feeder is inoperative -LRB- the manufacturer must have known this , as they equip the device with an air intake and fan to circulate air to try to dry the food in the hopper , but since moist air from above the aquarium is being blown through the device , this solution does n't really work -RRB- . A better solution would have been to equip the device with a powered screw auger to force food out , but for some reason , they did n't think of this .
 I think the number 8 popped out within a few days . Very dangerous for any dog . My dog tore it to shreds before I took it away from him .
 We have used Littermaid for years but this model seems to be defective . I ordered 1 and it did n't work at all . Received a replacement and that also did not work . Sent both back for refund .
 I owned the basic Littermaid for 4 years and it worked perfect . It finally wore out and I thought I would buy the `` deluxe '' It has a weak motor . Is always hung up no matter the litter hight . you have to get your fingernails under the lip to insert the trap properly `` yuck '' . I am buying the old reliable model again . The basic model is the best .
 i HAVE HAD THIS AWHILE MY FIRST KITTY USING IT WAS A VERY LIGHT BODY WEIGHT BOX SIZE OK . NOW i HAVE BIG BOY -LRB- 15 LBS -RRB- THE BOX SIZE IT SELF IS TO SMALL I , M ALWAYS SCOOPING MY SELF .
 I had -LRB- I have since thrown it out -RRB- this litter box and while the concept is good , I spent more time scooping than if I had a conventional box . The waste sticks to the rake , it breaks up , and makes a bigger mess in the litter . I have since purchased the Manual Self Cleaning Box , in which you roll the box so the waste goes in a separate area , and then you pull out the waste receptacle and throw the waste away . So much better ! Trust me !
 LitterMaid LM500 Automated Litter Boxi HAVE HAD 3 OTHER LITTERMAID ALL WORKED BUT THIS ONE WOULD NOT STOP AFER THE CAT WAS IN IT . CALL SUPPIER FOLLOW RESENT DIRECTIONS NOW IT RUNS 6 TIMES AND BLINKS ALL TIME . HAVE NOT HAD A MONTH YET AND TRYING TO GET WARRANTY MET CRH
 When I received the Littermate it did not work . I called Littermate customer service . Tech support tried to reconcile the problem , but could not . So , they did replace it , for $ 10 more and I had to send them a bunch of proof of purchase stuff . At any rate , they did send me a new one , but it is very finicky , it sometimes works , even with premium clumping litter , it works sporadically , For such a costly product , it is disappointing .
 When I was contemplating buying this thing , I read the fantastic reviews and was convinced that I was wasting my time with daily scooping . The first several months I had it , I tried to convince myself that I was saving time and money because I only had to scoop every now and then , I was n't using much litter , etc.When I bought my $ 8 plastic litter box when I adopted a second cat , I realized that even though I had to scoop the plastic litter box daily , I did n't have to do the twice-weekly scrubbing of the clumps that get caked into the rails on the side of the LitterMaid.My plastic litter box smells just as fresh as the LitterMaid , so I 've determined that it has nothing to do with automation and everything to do with using premium litter.My favorite thing about the plastic litter box is that no poop gets caught in between the teeth of the rake because there is n't a rake to deal with.I believed the hype . I bought the Litter Maid . I used it for over a year , and today , as I spent 45 minutes trying to hold my breath while I tried to remove crusted , smelly cat poop -LRB- that was n't there this morning -RRB- from between the teeth of that horrible , evil rake for at least the 10th time , I got fed up . And it 's not because I did n't use the right amount of litter , because I check daily to make sure it 's just below the red fill line . The whole contraption is going out in the trash on Monday , and I will be traveling to the pet store to buy another $ 8 plastic litter box .
 I have been spending all the extra $ for the premium clumping litter to use with this product -LRB- way more than generic litter -RRB- and now that this machine has failed -LRB- customer service says there is ` no way to repair ' -RRB- I realize THE WASTE of money in buying the Littermaid . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 It worked great for about a week and a half . The first time I had to put more litter in is when I had a problem . It kept running over and over again and would not stop . I did everything the manual said , I cleaned the sensors , I made sure nothing was obstructing the scoop , and I almost emptied all of the litter out of it . Nothing helped . This was a truely worthless product .
 I have been a long time fan of the LitterMaid boxes but not anymore . Even though I have had to purchase a new box every year due to the old box wearing out -LRB- with only one cat -RRB- , I have always been happy with it - until I purchased this model TWICE ! I bought this 2 weeks ago and within one day of turning it on it decides to stop working right . The rake goes back and forth non-stop . My cat even urinated on the couch because he could n't get in the box . I contacted the company who said it was because I had too much litter but that was not the case . The litter was an inch below the litter line and it had n't been used yet.I returned it and purchased another one and the same thing happened . I did some research and found other complaints the same as mine . After this and on top of having to purchase a new one every year , I wo n't be buying another one .
 We got the smaller one for my one cat . The thing worked right for about five minutes . Then it started to fling stuff onto the floor . Then it jammed because the crud built up . My dad called the manufacturer , and they told us to change the litter , though the litter we were using was perfectly OK . It seemed to help for about ten minutes . Then it went right back to jamming and flinging . Worse , the motor went wonky after a few days and would n't stop . We would 've cleaned it up and demanded our money back , but my dad got sick right about then , and by the time he was feeling up to it , it was too late to return it . So buy this only at your peril.Oh , also , if you leave the thing on automatic and are using battery power , the batteries will be drained in a few days . -LRB- This happened before the motor went wonky . -RRB-
 Zero stars is n't an option so I had to give it one star and even that is totally undeserved . My husband thought this was a good idea when we got our 3rd cat . First , the entire unit with the tent attached was too large to fit in the corner where our old litterbox was kept . So we had to place it in our laundry room . The box itself was too small for my 15 & 12 pound cats to use comfortably use . The first few fork passes were great , but when the box became dirty and the litter got wet , the forks clogged and would simply sweep all the wet litter into a clump at the head of the box , so if that was allowed to dry -LRB- like it would when we were at work all day -RRB- we ended up with a huge rock at one end and almost no litter in the bottom of the box . If there was a lot of wet litter , it would become too heavy and the motor would stop in the middle of a sweep , getting it to work again involved having to clean it completely . The motor was SO noisy that we could hear it go on when we were all the way upstairs , the noise scared our new kitten so much , he refused to use it . Our most mischievious little feline devil discovered what he needed to do to turn the motor on and that became his favorite sport , he 'd activate it and watch the rake go back and forth , so the lifespan of the batteries was about 3 days in our house . Our older cat , who 's very fastidious , even for a cat , steadfastly refused to use it at all because it smelled . He 'd simply go to the spot where the old box used to be and wail . I should point out that the smell was distributed throughout our home when the box was raking . We needed to replace the motor after only 3 weeks because the casing broke , its a complicated process that takes more time than it should since you 're presummed to be without a litterbox when it occurs . Cleaning it was a bigger chore than a regular litterbox and took over half hour because you had to dismantle parts of it to clean it completely . The motor could n't be submerged in water , so taking it to the backyard and hosing it down like I did my regular box was n't an option , it was scrape , scrub , scrap , scrub , scrape , scrub , etc every 2 or 3 days . It was a disgusting and smelly job , and you 'd end up with flecks of litter all over your shirt and FACE . My husband and I would actually argue about who got to clean the mess . Many times the rake would just scoop whatever litter was n't stuck to the sides and head onto the floor , but since we had the tent , it was scooped inside the tent , so on a daily basis , that had to be dismantled and swept out , because if we did n't , one of the cats would squeeze between the box and tent to use the litter that was deposited there . They recommend that you use a more expensive litter , so it was more expensive to own and maintain , finding the little receptacles the box used was difficult , so we had to order them directly from the company , pay shipping and handling and then wait for it to arrive . They 're supposed to be reusable , but believe me , THEY ARE N'T !!! The service reps were rude and 1 even suggested that I get a seperate Littermaid for each cat . Needless to say , I told her where to go and cut my losses by dumping that ... into the trash where it belonged . Sometimes , simpler is truly better and I no longer complain about my old style litter box , its become my friend and I 'm happy with that . If you value your sanity , you 'll stay away from this product , its all hype with very little value .
 Cheaply made , with tons of small parts that get caked in gooey cat litter . When using the recommended cat litter , the rake becomes clogged almost instantly with wet clay , turning it into a shovel that can dump the entire box full of litter at once , with most of it ending up on the floor . If the litter level gets slightly below the fill line , then urine & clay form a hard flat brick on the bottom that the rake just skips right over & has to be scraped off . Everything about cleaning this unit causes you to have to get cat waste all over yourself . It 's also very loud when it self cleans , if you can call what it does cleaning . I just ca n't imagine what Littermaid was thinking when it decided to sell this horrifying mess of a product . By the way , after one week of putting up with constantly trying to tend to this thing and clean up after it , I have pulled the plug on the littermaid & gone back to my old simple cat box . What a luxury it is to have a cat box again that is so much simpler and easier to use ! These units make you really appreciate how easy a plain old cat box really is . Also - I should point out that I also bought the tent that goes with it , which collapsed the first time my cat jumped up on it . I took it apart and discovered one of the cheap plastic corner supports had snapped & this was new , out of the box . It 's currently held together with duct tape . What a piece of junk !
 When I bought this , I had only one cat . I was trying to keep the dogs out of the litter box . Well , the dogs stayed out of it . It practically scared the heck out of them . It sounds like a nice idea , but it could n't handle my cat 's urine . I even used the litter it recommended . When it tried to scoop my cat 's urine clump , you could hear it in the other room . The motor seemed like it was crying . It ended up breaking several of the tongues or teeth or whatever you call them off . It was more work than a regular litter box . The lid would n't close over the litter it `` did '' scoop and I was having to check it after every time it was used so it would n't try to run all night long.I 'd rather have a loud motor that actually cleaned the box as to a quiet motor that knocked all night long . When an `` engineer '' invents one of these with all metal parts and a strong motor -LRB- reguardless of the noise -RRB- , I may buy one . Until then , I think they are all crap .
 The motor died after only 1 month of use . Mfg. wo n't replace it ; now I have to go through Amazon . com to get it replaced . This is a lot of hassle !!!!
 I had one of these for 2 years , it finally died a two months ago . I replaced it with this new model , the LM500 ... which promptly died after 3 weeks . Amazon replaced it quickly ; the new one died in 3 days . Littermaid 's customer service was a joke and even Amazon became non-responsive to repeated requests to resolve . I loved the old one , but at this point I might as well clean up myself . It 's a fine idea , but obviously they 're cheaply made .
 My wife talked me into getting one of these a few years ago , when they first came out about Christmas time . Then , they cost almost three to four times as much as now . It worked OK for about the first couple of weeks , then all the problems started.In particular , whatever plastic is used seems to have an affinity for soiled cat litter , as it sticks to everything , especially the rake , making a mess . Remember the idea is that you do n't have to deal with handling cat litter directly anymore , right?Second , once you get any kind of kitty sand into the tracks that the woefully underpowered motor runs in , you are finished . There seems no way to properly clean the track short of completely disassembing the unit -LRB- and remember now , it 's full of disgusting kitty litter -RRB- , and even then , I found the result was not very helpful.Finally , the little box at the end that is supposed to receive the litter is undersized for a multiple cat household , and are expen $ ive to buy , so we started emptying the box and reusing it.After repeating finding the unit stopped with the ' I ca n't rake ' light flashing , despite repeated repair/cleaning attempts , I was all too glad to finally through the thing in the trash . I would n't presume to try to pass this off on an unsuspecting yard sale customer , as some here have suggested.The most effective solution we 've found to date is to use the multiple slotted plastic liners -- you lift one out every few days , sifting the contents through , leaving mostly clean sand , and through that liner away . After about five liners , you hit the bottom one , and by then the remaining sand is about due to be pitched , and you do it over again . It 's quick , easy , and you generally do n't spend time raking sand or messing directly with litter .
 So I get the litter box . After 6 weeks the thing breaks . It just cycles over and over again never stops . So of course the cat ca n't use it . Can I return it on Amazon since it has a warranty ? Nope . It 's way to difficult to get ahold of a person to process the return and Amazons policy is basically your SOL 30 days past the sale . I purshased a replacement from costco for lower price and with them , if it breaks , you have an actual store to return it too . So in summary , if the item your wishing to purshase has any chance of breaking ever . . consider getting it from someplace you can take it back to if it breaks .
 What a piece of junk ! The first one I bought was broken right out of the box . It is as if Littermaid tried to design a product to expose you to as much used cat litter as possible . The rake almost always clumps up with wet clay and cat waste , so you have to manually pic the rake clean and scoop out the box . On the rare occasion the rake doesnt clog , some of the used litter misses the recepticle all together and is dumped on the floor . For the price of the recepticles , which you will need to change every few days , you could buy a silver plated cat box after a few months . When changing the recepticle , the edges often get caught on the tabs and it `` flicks '' used bits of litter right in your face ! After two months of trying to make this product work , its going in the trash !
 DO N'T . . BUY THIS THING ! CONSTANT HUMMING scares my siamese . it is supposed to be controled by break in light sensor but takes too long . cleaning rake is horrid to clean , tent is cheap . i have horse farm and mucking the stalls is easier and odor is non-existant but this litter box , no matter what u use for litter , holds that cat waste smell .
 Within two weeks of using this product the product started to malfunction and threw cat poop into the room . I contacted Littermaid and was given info to correct problem , but the problem just got worse and I have stopped using the box because I was tired of picking up pieces of poop as far as 3 feet away from the box .
 I actually won this litter box in a drawing . I was planning on buying one any way . Glad I did n't , it started having problems after five weeks . Of course if I had purchased it , I would take it back and get a new one . But I 'm having the same problems others have had , it has a hard time moving a clump of litter sometimes and starts clicking , it wastes litter and now it goes through 5 cycles EVERY time it sweeps even if there is only a small amount and it scoops it the first time.It 's under warranty but the company wants $ 10 to ship new parts . I 'm not paying 10 cents for their mistake -LRB- made in China by the way -RRB- . When it quits completely , I 'll go back to the good old plain litter box .
 The automated litter box is really no different than any other liter box . While you dont have to scoop the litter the liter does get wet and clumps and sticks to the tray . The you have to clean the tray which is even more work then just scooping . I have to get gloves to clean it . Its nasty . The poop gets stuck in between the rakes and it gets messy underneath the liter box . They keep coming up with all these automatic litter boxes . One is always suppose to be better with the other but I know that every liter box has its flaw -LRB- s -RRB- . To be honest Id rather go back to scooping . Does anybody agree ?
 If you have a picky cat that will do his business elsewhere if you do n't get to the litterbox immediately after it 's used , this is the product for you.However , if you think this is going to save you any work , think again . Little crusties do indeed stick to the bottom of the pan because the automatic rake does n't touch the bottom . It has to be continually scraped to clean it . Worse is the rake itself , which gets clogged with poop and cat litter . Really look at the picture and think how you would like to clean poop from between all those tines on the rake . The rake also pushes the sand everywhere into all those open nooks and crannies . It also falls down the thin line between receptacle and the unit . For this reason I myself would recommend the tent -LRB- unless you build one yourself -RRB- even though it is overpriced.Now that my unit has stopped working after 2 years , I am thankfully going back to the simplicity of a regular cat box that does n't take me 30 + minutes to clean .
 Ok , I 'll admit that it is great not having to worry about scooping , and once I empty the tray , the house no longer smells like cat poop , BUT : The thing jams constantly . When ever I hear it raking , i know i 'm going to have to get up to shake the litter so the rake can return to its resting position . If not it will cycle constantly . This usually happens at night , or an hour before I have to wake up.Clumps stick to the bottom . I use Tidy Cats , and it still clumps . Actually , the best brand was the walmart generic . It only clumps once a week.If you have more than one cat get the larger size , otherwise you 'll be sorry . Very sorry .
 I have owned 3 of these items and bought one for my sister . I kept buying them cause it is a great idea -LRB- if it worked -RRB- because I travel for business . At the time Littermaid was the only product like this out there . Well it always manages to die right after the warranty runs out . The first one broke before the warrany expired and let me tell you how the customer service I received was horrible . The one I currently have does not run it 's cycle cause the sensors are not working so I have to flick the switch to make it work . The motor is unbelievably slow and the rake is always jamming . If the cat goes in the same spot all the time -LRB- which she usually does -RRB- the lid will remain open because the waste has piled on one side . Urine has sometimes leaked out and the brainiac that created the tent did n't make it waterproof so it oozes right through onto the floor beneath . This thing is so hard to clean and when you pull out the waste container , litter pops up in your face . The second one I had , the rake broke right off when it got stuck to some litter , I came home to find it sitting in the middle of the tray . I just learned that Petmate has made a similar one called the Purrforma and it looks like a better product . I ca n't wait to throw the littermaid in the trash . : -RRB-
 I wasted my money and bought this item twice ! The first time I bought it I thought it was a fluke that it did n't work . Then , when I bought the second one , I knew it was the product . First off it scared my cats to death . One of them refused to use the litter box ever again , even after switching back to a conventional scoop one . Next , the litterbox would literally fling poo . I would give it 5 stars if we were rating it on range ! It was such a mess to clean up because it would fling it everywhere . Please do not waste your money on this litter box !
 I got more flicked in my face in 1 month then in 15 years in the veterinary business.Emptying the poop containers flicks sand and poop in you face and mouth . Also , litter rake would clump and youhad to clean it by hand . The plastic must have been poop bonding material because you could never get it clean . After 2 weeks , it started throwing poop clumps acrosss the floor.Somehow the rake got stuck and preassure woud build and thwack ! Poop and urine would fly.don ' t waste your money
 We 've got 6 cats , and bought one of these Littermaid boxes about two years ago . With this many cats , it does n't take long for the box to jam up , and require manual scraping . It seems as if two cats use it in a row , before it has a chance to scrape after the first cat , you have a guaranteed jam.The box is very sensitive to the amount of litter you put in - just a touch too much and it wo n't be able to complete the sweep , and will keep trying over and over , annoying you to no end . Not enough litter and you have a hard mess to scrape off the plastic bottom.Maybe they should be lining these with some kind of teflon like a frying-pan has ! We always keep a 4 '' scraper next to the box and need to use it daily . What fun to clean out the `` teeth '' of the litter comb when the cat potties on them.The first box we had lasted just over a year before it 's motor died.We replaced that one , reluctantly , with another by Littermaid , and now after about 7 months , somehow it managed to grab the wire in the `` teeth '' that provides power to the moving comb and when it got to the end to dump , it snapped the wire in half and stopped . For Good ... I can fix darn-near anything , so I disassembled it with intentions of rewiring this part , but it seems they are using some special `` extra flexible '' wire that can not be found at Home Depot or Radio Shack . They have this cheezy way of providing a retracting action of the wire with some spring steel and some plastic wheels.Anyway , now I have a second `` dead '' littermaid unit , and will likely have to buy yet a third one , since nobody else makes an automatic litterbox . Next time I will keep the warranty info someplace where I can find it !
 While having this system for less than 7 months together , the cat 's `` Littermaid '' system appears to be going on strike rather than doing her -LRB- its -RRB- intended job . While comical as it may seem , it is totally true as you will read what follows.First , less than 2 months the unit motor stops working and we are left without a system for 2 weeks waiting for a replacement with a confirmation number.Second , less than 2 months again this time the unit starts having a huge crack from the outside of the motor assembly and along the outside of the unit all down the side of the connection where the ac/dc unit is plugged in . Again we got a confirmation number and had a new unit sent for the replacement.Third , less than 11/2 months now we have had this unit , and she went on strike again with the same problem as the first unit . The motor refuses to work , the unit wo n't even allow the cat to get in the cat tent/box since the motor is stuck where the receptapcle area is lifted so far up the cat has to more or less jump over and fight to get inside the box to use . Now the fun starts ! ... Finally , along with all this , the cleaning up of this model stinks . You have to take out the screws of the rakes just to clean the unit , then having to clean out all the litter it throws up inbetween the back of the unit and everything is a very time consuming job to do weekly if you do n't want it smelling up your room it is located in . Also the Cat seems to urinate to high for the unit and always having to clean the cat tent and maybe this unit was designed for females but the male cat seems to just have problems keeping in this tiny little box . Finally with everything else I am now on the 2nd Cat Tent as the cat jumped on it one time and the first one broke and I had to use duck tape to fix it . THis new cat tent is better but is very weak for the price u pay for the plastic and plastic materal that is the tent.Therefore in conclusion , I do hope the next unit will be great since the cat seems to like it when it is `` On Duty '' and working , but when she is on Strike , it burns us all up and our pocketbooks from mailing them all the parts back they require and now burning our tempers that they now want to charge shipping fees for their `` FREE '' warranties that mean nothing really when they will only give u a problem when u point out there is no charges except the word `` Free '' regarding their Warranty and replacements on the Warranty information provided with the unit and on their site . They really must do something about this company before it becomes more harmful to the owners than the unit is to the cats !
 I bought this item for my Mother , she was told , -LRB- due to severe osteo porosis -RRB- that she could no longer bend over to clean the litter box ... she also recently found out she has adeno carsinoma that has spread to her leg bones and is extremely painful for her to squat to clean it . She is 80 years old and her cat has been her bestfriend for 8 years . Rather than her get rid of her cat I bought this -LRB- my fault for not researching it better -RRB- and was outraged at the price of the plastic containers , the exspensive litter AND the carbon filters you HAVE TO PURCHASE SEPERATE ... . what a rip off of elderly people Littermaid is ! Her cat is large and pees over the end of the box and on it . DO NOT BUY THIS FOR A SENIOR ... . it requires as much care as a regular litter box . Such as cleaning the rake , MAKING SURE THE LITTER IS EVEN and not pushed to one side or the other . I emailed Littermaid about my Mothers fixed income and received a standard reply message ... . and no help ! $ 9.99 for 7lbs of `` Littermaid '' Litter , $ 9.99 for carbon filters that go into the $ 14.99 a dozen plastic containers ... . What a rip off ... I could have just as easily gone over to my Mothers everday to clean the regular litter box , -LRB- as I do with Littermaid -RRB- and saved the expense of all the Littermaid products ! Do research before buying this product ... check into prices !!!!!!
 I hate this product . It 's noisy when it goes off and can be heard all over the house ! It even wakes us up at night ! In addition , when it cleans the box , it dumps a small amount of litter out on the floor each time -LRB- the loose litter that surrounds the clumps and falls over the edge of the waste container in the process -RRB- so over the course of a short time , I end up with litter all over my floor.I am surprised to also say that without a cover -LRB- which can be bought separately but costs half the price of the box itself -RRB- , the smell is much worse than my old , cheap litter box that had a cover with it.If I thought you could return a used litter box for credit , I would . I do n't recommend spending this much money on this item -- I had other people tell me they thought it was great before I bought but it 's been anything but that for me .
 I thought this was a great idea when I first saw it , so I went ahead and bought one.I got it home and put it all together and started it for the first time and it broke , the rake went to the front and stopped and would not move.So I took it back to the store and got another.That one worked for 8 months and now it is broken.It is still under warranty so I am sending for another.If this one breaks thats it I will find something else . It really is a great idea , when it is working it is pretty good . However , it is still messy to deal with .
 My wife and I received one of these as a gift and were initially very excited . The excitement , however , wore off when the cat stopped using the box and instead used the basement floor directly in front of the box . Our cat is somewhat large , so it is possible that he just felt too cramped or it is possible he was scared of the electric mechanism.Another problem we had is that the used litter and cat waste tends to get stuck to the plastic tines that scoop the litter as well as other parts of the box , including the floor of the pan . This despite the fact that we use a high quality scoopable litter -LRB- Tidy Cat -RRB- and is very disgusting and very hard to clean . We have now gone back to standard litter pans and still have occasional problems with him using the floor instead of the pan .
 when i got the littermaid i loved it for about 3 days . then it began clogging up and getting disgustingly dirty . NO ONE i 've ever met , and i do animal rescue work , has ever kept this and used it beyond a month.want to get one that really works ? go to http://litter-robot.com/ and check out the message board at http://www.litterbox-central.com this was a great resource for me . i was obsessed with finding a solution to the litterbox oder and time it took . litter robot has been a great product for me ... for now nearly a year and on the litterbox central forum you can see testimonials from other users who are happy for longer . 3 weeks for this crummy littermaid or a 18mth warrenty and many happy users with the LITTER-ROBOT . littermaid is not the only solution . get a litter-robot and be happy : -RRB-
 Nothing good to say about this product at all except that the concept is good ! The motor is completely undersized and exceptionally noisy . The rakes get packed with wet clumps of litter and the systems jams constantly . I went through 3 of them before I dug out the old `` manual '' litter box . The `` automatic '' `` self cleaning '' is a complete lie !!! As you end up cleaning the little maid more than a regular box . I would highly advise that you all save your money and actually pay attention to the other reviews as well . One star rating is one star too many for this god awful piece of litter !!!
 You 'd think that the makers of an automatic litter box would anticipate a cat 's -LSB- ... -RSB- to be of rather large size , and make a product capable of handling such . Unfortunately this is not the case . After a year of use , the motor assembly has broken and upon further inspection a small plastic piece was the culprit . Seems the entire assembly rests on two small plastic pieces that hang onto the frame . This is obviously a crucial part that is meant to break over time , just so the customer can purchase another . The motor is too flimsy and weak and should have been upgraded . Until they make something better I guess we are destined to endure its poor quality .
 I had to return this machine in just a few weeks , Amazon was terrific , I printed out the label and got my refund asap . However the product was not . The motor made too much noise and scared one of my cats , you ca n't clean it with water so how do you clean it ?? The motor after a week got weaker and weaker then finally stopped working . Not meant to be . . I do n't know about the other models I 'm back to the old fashion box and I scope it myself . The few days that it did work however , I enjoyed the less smelly bathroom because of the fact the the waste was sealed in a little container it did keep the smell to a minimum.If anyone wants one I recomend another model do your homework . I should have listen to the prior reviews they were all right .
 I AM NOT SATISFIED WITHTHE PRODUCT . THE LITTER BOX DOES NOT CLEAN COMPLETELY , IT SCRAPS THE TOP OF THE LITTER BUT NOT THE BOTTOM OF THE BOX . WHEN I RECEIVED THE PRODUCT I DID NOT RECEIVE THE ADAPTER FOR THE BOX . I E-MAILED BACK WITH NO RESPONSE . I HAVE HAD OTHER LITTER BOXES WHICH HAVE PERFORMED MUCH BETTER .
 I 've had two littermaids in last ten years and really like it for very little maintainance . About a year ago second one went out . So I got LM680 from walmart and broke in a year . So I got this LM500 and lasted fot two weeks . Fortunately Littermaid will send me replacement soon . The quality is getting worse on these devices .
 UNBELIEVABLE ! PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT JANUARY 17 . RECEIVED JANUARY24 . USED 6 DAYS-THATS RIGHT JUST 6 DAYS . I HAVE A VERY SMALLFEMALE CAT -LRB- YES , JUST ONE CAT -RRB- . I NEVER , NEVER THOUGHTTHAT AFTER ONLY 6 DAYS THIS PIECE OF JUNK WOULD BE JUNK.I KEPT HEARING THE THINK RUNNING AND RUNNING . CHECKEDIN BASEMENT AND FOUND THAT IT WOULD NOT SHUT OFF . TRIEDUNPLUGGING AND TURNING OFF BUT NO LUCK . THEN FOUNDAFTER VERY LITTLE SEARCHING ON INTERNET , THAT NUMEROUSCOMPLAINTS ON THE SAME SITUATION WERE NOTED.I PURCHASED A ` USED ' LITTERMAID OFF OF EBAY 3 YEARSAGO FOR MY DAUGHTERS LARGE MALE CAT . THAT LITTERMAIDIS STILL UP AND RUNNING BUT BUY ONE OF THE NEW MACHINESAND THEY ARE ABSOLUTE JUNK !!!!! DO NOT RECOMMEND WHATSOEVER . READ BAD VERSUS GOODREVIEWS AND THAT WILL MAKE YOUR DECISION FOR YOUAS TO WHETHER TO BUY OR NOT . I SHOULD HAVE DONERESEARCH !!!
 This is the second one of these I have owned . The first one worked OK but the `` improvements '' have made this new one worthless . The rake becomes stuck and backs up almost everytime the cat uses it . I have tried every premium litter on the market and nothing helps . Littermaid also has thier own brand which costs about FIVE TIMES more than any other brand - it does n't make any difference . When it does actually push the clumps into the recepticle it wastes huge amounts of litter - and throws litter all over ! EVERY DAY I have to hand scoop and clean up the mess around the thing . What is the point of spending all that money ??
 i have 1 cat and i have gone throught 3 automatic litter maid boxes in the last 3.8 years , i called the company and they did nothing cause there 's only 1 year warrinty , i belive the motors burned up cause the litter would get stuck , i followed all directions & kept the litter below the red line & used premium litter , i feel the litter maid is over priced for the amount of use you get out of it , so i 'm on the hunt for a new litter box , trust me it will NOT be another litter maid .
 I have owned three of these things . None of them worked . The first one died after three months . The second one worked for six months and died ; after waiting several months for their warranty people to get back to me , they finally replaced it . The third one never worked . I tried several times to get a hold of their warranty department , but they never responded to me . I finally threw it away .
 Some days this product is no better than a regular litter pan . On other days , it is worse . It `` scoops '' about 10 minutes after the cat leaves the box . This is not enough time for the clumping litter to completely dry - the result is that the waste is mashed around and not removed . We ended up turning it off and manually running it a couple times a day . This is better , but still requires hand scooping . Not much benefit in this - then it is much more messy than the covered box we were using before . I wasted my money .
 We have 2 cats -LRB- 1 adult and 1 kitten -RRB- and we were using a standard manual litter box with a liner and we felt like we were cleaning it every day . As a matter of fact , we were cleaning it every day . Then someone recommended the LitterMaid so we spent the money on it and all the accessories and boy were we surprised . Now we 're cleaning the litter box more than ever ! We groan with despair when we know we have to go up to see the condition that it 's in . To look and see poo stuck to the rake along with clumps of other stuff . Not to mention the loose litter all over the edges of the box and on the floor outside the box . We bought the crappy tent that goes with it but that tore during assembly and now there 's loose litter on the bottom of the tent . The entire area must be vacuumed every other day . If you do n't mind your cats stepping in clumps of broken up pee , then this product is for you ! To the guy who only cleans his LitterMaid once a month , we ca n't go more than 2 days without emptying the ` holding tank . ' Bottom line , do n't buy this thing . We can wait to go back to scooping a litter box . It was easier than this thing .
 We bought this item thinking it would be easy.In 1 year we went through 5 of them.Large clumps burned out the motor 2 times.The power supply failed twice.Finally the rack would go to the front and stop , the switches that controlled the motor failed.This item was a waste of money and was broken more than it was used.Save your money and buy a regular cat box .
 We had used a LitterMaid automatic litter box for over 4 years without problem until it stopped operating . I ordered a replacement through Amazon and it arrived within two business days , as promised by Amazon . I set up the litter box , using the recommended premium cat litter and turned it on . After two days of operation the box wo n't quit cycling ; the scoop just goes forth and back , forth and back without stopping unless the power is turned off or the brick unplugged from the wall . I made sure the sensors were clean but that did n't correct the problem , neither did turning the switch off and on several times.So next I tried looking on LitterMaid 's website for help but found nothing for this problem . Then I called LitterMaid and waited and waited and waited on each level of their multi-level phone system . When I finally got to talk to a real person I was asked where I got the litter box ; I said Amazon , and I was coldly directed to contact Amazon .
 I 've owned several of these devices over the years . I bought a new unit six weeks ago . The rake goes through the cycle over and over and over again . It is n't working properly . I called Litter Maid cutomer service . Went through their test/reset routine . Nice lady agreed I needed a replacement unit . Okay . Send them my receipt . Okay . Send them battery box cover . Okay . Send them a hunk of wire . Okay . Send them ten bucks . WHAT ? Amazon shipped this to me free as I am a member of Amazon Prime . Now Litter Maid wants ten bucks to send me a replacement for a non-working product they sold me ? They should be sending me ten bucks for the inconvenience they have put me through . They should be sending my cat a mice sandwich . What 's with these Scrooges?Added note
 After 2-3 months of use by our cat , it broke -LRB- the rake mechanism wo n't move -RRB- . So we sent a part back and the receipt as told by their service dept along with $ 10 and they sent a new one . Now about 3 months later that one is broken . So , I 'm assuming we wo n't be able to get one again since we sent in the receipt the first time . Sometimes it got stuck and kept going back and forth because the rake got stuff stuck on it . I would recommend either buying a sturdier/more powerful box -LRB- maybe that would work -RRB- or a different brand . When it works it is awesome though .
 We have two young cats and the LitterMaid box worked well for us for approximately 3 or 4 months before extended kitty use took its devestating toll on it .1 . Cats scratch up the litter which then ends up in the tracks the cleaning comb moves in . Litter and other debris -LRB- you know what I mean :--RRB- can gum up the tracks and prohibit the comb from sweeping all the way across the litter box . Fixing this requires a major , detailed cleaning which is hard to do well and not risk damaging the electronic components of the box . Aside from the `` cleaning the box thoroughly '' issue -LRB- see # 2 below -RRB- , prior to cleaning the product it will sometimes get stuck in this loop where it continually tries to keep push comb down the track , get jammed , detect this , and then retry only to fail again . It effectively prohibits the cats from using the litter box until you fix it by unplugging it and waiting a few seconds and plugging it back in . This is disasterous when it happens while you are not home for several hours -- say at work all day .2 . Cats often do n't pee directly down into the litter . Our male cat hit the sensors , tracks , etc. . . There were two consequences
 If you had asked me two years ago to rate this product , I would have given it 5 stars without a doubt . I bought a Littermaid Mega nine years ago and it worked flawlessly with 2 cats . One day last year , the motor gave out . Without hesitation I went out and spent another $ 90 on a new machine -- I got the LM500 because by now I had only 1 cat . Within 2 months , one of the wheels that guide the rake broke off . The company sent me a new one after I sent them $ 5 to cover the shipping . Four months later , a piece of the rake broke off . The company sent me a new one after I sent them $ 10 to cover the shipping . The third machine did n't work out of the box ! For another $ 10 , they would have sent me a new one but at this point I 'm not wasting any more of my money . I do n't know if they switched manufacturers or what but the current products are only cheap imitations of the original . It 's a shame ... Littermaids used to be great .
 I read all the reviews saying this thing sucked , and I thought , Well I 'm an engineer , I can handle it but I was Wrong . I even got the older model LM500 hoping that it would work , but it did n't . In the automatic rake thing , there are several plastic parts put , not glued or secured together . The first couple of times the rake went offline -LRB- because of excessively large dump - this happened at least 4-5 times per day despite filling litter to lower than the mark and using premium litter etc -RRB- , the little plastic parts would pop out and the rake would go offtrack . Once this started happening , the plastic pieces would pop off every time . I tried glueing it , rubberbands , etc. . Nothing worked.I feel really stupid for having read all the reviews and still buying it . Look at the content of the reviews . People describe intimately what is wrong with the product -LRB- rake broken , off track , etc -RRB- and how they tried to fix it . This should tell you how involved the owner got to try and get it to work . For me this meant getting cat piss all over myself , litter in my eyes , and messing with it everyday until the day , only three weeks after I got it , when it refused to work whatsoever.Now I have this gigantic plastic piece of cat piss smelling garbage sitting around that I have to repackage and mail back . This is just not worth it . My brother has one , and it works , but it 's just luck of the draw whether you get it to work or not . But judging from all the negative reviews , odds are against you .
 I read all the GREAT reviews here and laid out the money to purchase this item . It 's been a little over a year now and I 'm about to throw mine out.The rake is a pain to clean ... especially if your pet ever has diarrhea -LRB- which mine did the first six months after we saved him from the pound -RRB- . The rake also is super sensitive to overload and will go back and forth 3 or 4 times before giving up and flashing -- essentially jammed and unusable until you physically scoop the problem away , clean the rake and reset it . The sound of the rake going back and forth at all hours of the night is NOT a nice one and no matter what they say , this thing is STILL LOUD!You have to be really carefully about how much litter you put in the box and if your cat is like my boy and has a good size bladder you 're in trouble.I purchased the tent to go with this , but did n't keep it on because it gets nasty too ... and I read that cats do n't like to go to the bathroom in an enclosed space any more than we like porta potties!The cost of the plastic containers is prohibitative but at least they can be used over again . I usually scooped my plastic container and left it in until I cleaned the entire box out -- about once a month.If you have a small cat that is in perfect health and has nice neat tiddy excrement than maybe this product would work for you . As for me , I 'm looking for a nice LARGE size old fashion litter box
 ProsWhen it 's working , it does everything it 's supposed to and my cats like it . Great idea in theory.ConsRequires a LOT of cleaning and maintenance and handling of poop ... more than a normal litter box ! All due to bad design.The Bottom LineDo n't buy it ! Save your money and spare yourself the frustration and filth ! 2 stars instead of just 1 , because it does work nicely SOME of the time.At first I thought my Littermaid was fabulous , but now it drives me crazy with all the problems . When it 's working , it 's GREAT ! But to keep it working you have to give a lot of maintenance , and it ends up being MORE trouble and mess than a traditional litter box . And even worse than the actual mess is the mental anguish it has caused ! I have an irrational absolute hatred of this thing now!Problems : Litter pan is FAR too shallow , and too much litter will jam the rake -LRB- even well below the fill line -RRB- . The poor cats have little room to dig and bury . This is the biggest problem , because it leads to most of the other problems!Because the pan is so shallow , the clumps stick to the bottom of the pan and they jam the rake.Clumps also stick to the rake itself , preventing it from raking and making an ugly mess . Cleaning the rake is a nastier job than cleaning out a normal litterbox.When the rake jams , it backs up -LRB- a safety mechanism to prevent it from hitting your kitties -RRB- and starts over - and over and over several more times before giving up ! In bed at night , I HATE to hear the motor jamming and trying again and again . And I hate to come home and find that little red light flashing , signaling a jam . Very frustrating!Changing the waste receptacles is not as simple as it looks - it 's impossible to do without little bits of dirty litter flying everywhere , including in your face , hair , floor ... A lot of litter and little clumps fall through gaps and end up on the floorSometimes the rake jams so badly that it comes off its tracks completely - with quite an EXPLOSION of nasty litterOnly the most expensive clumping litter can be used -LRB- like Arm & Hammer -RRB- , and even that has to be changed frequentlyThe receptacles are expensive -LRB- but I reuse mine a few times or line them with plastic grocery bags -RRB- The whole contraption needs regular thorough cleaning - every 3 weeks or so - to prevent jamming and sticky clumping . -LRB- The rake and pan are removeable so I put them in the shower and give a heavy scrubbing with dish detergent -RRB- . A person less lazy than me might have better luck because I hate to clean the whole thing out . A friend of mine does this weekly and throws all the -LRB- expensive -RRB- litter away to start fresh . But then , this machine is MADE for lazy people who do n't like touching litter , so what 's the point ?!?! So that 's it . In the end , my traditional litter box is easier to keep clean and does n't give me the constant mental anguish of `` What , it 's jammed AGAIN ? @ * # % $ @ ! '' I think I 'm going to just unplug the Littermaid and fill it up deeper to use as a normal litter box . ----- Something new to add - the rake has just recently adopted a new trick - CATAPAULTING large clumps of poop across the kitchen floor ! It 's amazing how far those clumps can fly . When I was making a sandwich just now I found some small litter clumps that had landed on the kitchen counter . You never know when and where you 'll find another nugget ! Actually , you do know when
 when i got it i loved it for about 3 days . then it began clogging up and getting disgustingly dirty . NO ONE i 've ever met , and i do animal rescue work , has ever kept this and used it . want to get one that really works ? go to http://litter-robot.com/ and check out the message board at http://www.litterbox-central.com this was a great resource for me . i was obsessed with fining a solution to the litterbox oder and time it took . litter robot has been a great product for me ... for now nearly a year and on the litterbox central forum you can see testimonials from other users who are happy for longer . 3 weeks for this crummy littermaid or a 18mth warrenty and many happy users with the LITTER-ROBOT
 I previously owned one of the older models and it worked for about 5 years with very little or no problems . I recently ordered the LM500 and it did not work properly from the very start . The rake continued to go through the cleaning cycles and would not shut off . -LRB- I know all about putting too much litter in and this was not the case -RRB- I returned this product and received a replacement . Amazon was very helpful in this matter . This one lasted about a week before it started doing the same thing . I would not waste my money on the model . They should have kept the older one which seemed to work great !
 Ordered two even after very mixed reviews . Should of known ! Set them both up as directed with premium litter . Tested both . One had a rake that would not stop cycling and the other one did n't cycle at all . I returned both before the cat even used them . Although a hassle , Amazon made the return simple and credited me immediately . I would not recommend .
 OK . I read the reviews ... I 'm not a rookie LitterMaid user ... I understand it requires some upkeep . That being said ... I decided to go with the older model as most of the veteran LitterMaid users suggested . I got it ... set it up ... turned it on ... the cats came running and put a big dukie in it . It worked PERFECTLY ! Whew ! Then ... It didnt stop running back and forth and back and forth and back and forth . The darn thing was BROKE ! The carriage would not stay parked . GRRRRrr!SO . I couldnt return it until I had another litter box , so I ran to Target and picked up the NEW model . BIGGER MISTAKE ! What a piece of JUNK ! First , I `` m not an idiot , but I had a hard time putting that darn thing together . I 'm not even sure I did it right . Secondly , like most reviewers wrote , that motor couldnt move a fly let-a-lone a bowel movement . It could barely push itself through the plain unused litter . -LRB- No , I 've never overfilled it ... its never even been past the fill line -RRB- . I returned the broke one to Amazon ... had to complain when they wanted to charge me a `` restocking '' fee . But finally got a complete refund of my money . I 'm in the process of returning the even crappier one to target ... just need to go get ANOTHER litter box . My husband made me promise ... no more automated litter boxes . Man I 'm disappointed !
 Current version of littermaid does not work well at all . The first one I purchased lasted for five years and I was very happy with it . The pet store only had the larger version when I replaced the original . The larger version lasted for 15 months and then died.I found the old version -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- . It worked for six days and then died . It was replaced at no charge . The second one worked for six weeks and then died . I have been told it is not possible to get my money back because it has been more that 30 days since the original purchase . So now I am out a wad of money and have to run the box manually.DO NOT buy this product . This system forced me to give this product at least one star , I would give it -5 if I could .
 I have one female cat that weighs under 10 pounds and is about 15 years old . I had used EverClean for years and really had no complaints . Last year our cat , Poloma , started to urinate more frequently and my back was starting to hurt when I bent down to clean the clumps.I had seen the LitterMaid litter box advertised for several years and had always wondered if it could really be true and work as it was advertised . Sorry , I finally gave in and purchased along with the tent top.The tent top came with several pieces missing/broken . I called the company who asked me to fax the part numbers so they could forward them to me . They sent me the wrong parts and I have not been able to get around to ask for them again . I will though.The machine seems to work to not on the clumps of urine . I have to now clean the clumps out DAILY rather than every few days . The machine tries but is too weak to push , lift and dump . INstead I walk into the room only to see the red blinking light which indicates a jam.I called the company and explained my problem . The only advice they could give me was to be sure and use a quality clumping litter . I would have though the high price I pay for Litter Green would have been considered quality clumping litter . I am now looking for my fouth `` quality litter '' that might work with my single cat.As usual , if it looks too good to be true , it probably is .
 This product is huge , especially with the -LRB- overpriced -RRB- tent you have to buy because it 's so messy the tent is the only way to keep some of the litter contained , and takes up so much space . It 's loud , the rake gets clogged , and if you fill beyond the fill line -LRB- which you ca n't see when you have the tent -RRB- it will not perform . It is also very sloppy and spills litter all throughout the machine and underneath . The receptacle is difficult to remove . It still smells , you still need to manually scoop , you have to buy more expensive litter and receptacle refills , it 's hard to clean ... I 'm sticking to my old fashioned litter box , scoop , cheap litter and liners .
 This litter box is suppose to be great and less work then a normal scooping box . But it turns out it is more work to keep this clean then an original . The rakes always get clogged with poop and you have to scrape them out alot . And it is hard to get the right amount of litter in the box , if the litter is just a little to full the rake will continously go back and forth untill you go and fix the problem . It is very annoying and could be ten times better made .
 We set this up in the bathroom , and it was less than 2 weeks before we went back to a standard litter box . Since it jammed once or more per day , it was still necessary to manually clean it daily , not to mention the litter that got flung about the room on those occaisions that it did function . Rarely have I bought such a worthless piece of junk , one star is far too kind .
 Kitty LoversLitter Maid LM5500 is a smart buy for custom cabinets that conceal kitty litter trays .
 Oddly , looking on Amazons site , I couldnt even find a littermaid even available anymore to rate poorly.I bought a littermaid a long time ago and it was an excellent product . After about 5 years of use it died and I purchased another ... The motor on it died fast . Since it was still under warranty , they sent me a new one after I shipped them the old power cord . That one just died as well and now im on the hunt for a new manufacturer . As pretty much most reviews for littermaid products , stay away unless you enjoy bad investments .
 I 'VE OWNED 3 OF THESE - WE ARE A ONE CAT HOUSEHOLD - THEY ALL DIED AFTER ONE YEAR OF USE . THEY ARE VERY CONVENIENT HOWEVER , NOT A GREAT VALUE FOR THE PRICE . I CALLED THE LITTERMAID COMPANY & WAS LED TO BELIEVE I COULD GET A REPLACEMENT AT A LOWER PRICE BECAUSE OF THE ISSUES I HAVE ALREADY MENTIONED - THE ONE THEY OFFERED ME WAS MORE EXPENSIVE THAN THE ONE 'S ON AMAZON OR AT WALMART ! CRAZY !
 I have owned one of these before and loved it . However , this one worked for a week and then the automatic scoop began rotating continuously so I have to clean it by hand .
 Before writing a review on anything you should always own it for at least 90 days . Like other people have said below , it works great when it 's new and clean . After about a month , it starts sticking . Continuously running back and forth without stopping . They usually last 6 months before real problems occur . I travel a lot and this was really needed . I 'm on my 3rd cause I thought I 'd be smart , so I set up a timer so that it would n't auto clean so often , but eventually , it breaks down . Do n't try the newer models either . They are worst than the old models . Too bad . Conceptually it 's great .
 After going through two of these in 4 years , I can honestly say I regret buying them . I have now decided to purchase the Litter Robot , and I am confident that it will impress me.The Littermaid has a fine line of what is too much litter and what is not enough . If you fill it slightly above the red line that says `` add litter '' , the rake will not go all the way through its cycle . If you have even slightly less than the line , the urine clumps in a shallow pool to the bottom of the box , which cause a line of clumped gunky litter that the rake can not get through . Not to mention having to touch the dirty waste receptacle to empty it . It is also very difficult to clean.I can not wait for my Litter Robot to arrive next week ... will be manually scooping from the broken Littermaid until then .
 When this litter box is working properly it does n't save you time , it just defers maintenance . When it is not working properly it just makes a mess.The machine only lets you put in a shallow amount of litter or it will clog as the tines rake through it . This means you have to really watch the litter level . If it is too high the machine jams and the motor runs back and forth over and over again trying to push against a pile of litter . The trouble is , with such a shallow amount of litter -LSB- 1 -RSB- if your cat is in the habit of using the same place in the box everytime the litter gets REALLY shallow , and -LSB- 2 -RSB- even with a full load of litter , the litter does not clump when your cat has a large pee . The pee soaks to the bottom and sticks , and the litter stays slightly gummy , and sticks to the tines of the rake , and the machine jams . Yes I used premium litter . To make matters worse , my cat liked to pee right on the edge of the litter by the tines where the floor of the box ramps up and there is nearly no litter . instant mess.If your cat 's stool is soft that day , and/or your cat does not properly cover it , the poo smears and sticks all over the rake and it jams . And it is horrible to clean . I have has cat feces jammed way up under the tines on the side where the motor is.After a while I just unplugged the litterbox and used it as a regular litterbox with a convenient container to place the poo so that it did n't stink and I would only have to make the trip out to the dumpster every week or so instead of every day . That worked fairly well , but my cat still tracked gravel everywhere so I just replaced it with a Booda Dome.Dome , Cleanstep Cat Box , Titanium
 When functioning properly , this is a great product , however and unfortunately , the Litter Maids have mechanical/electrical flaws . Over the past 4 to 5 years , I have bought several Litter Maids -LRB- have several Kitties -RRB- and five of the units have failed . Of the last two I purchased -LRB- within the last 4 weeks -RRB- one of these has already failed . The rake will not go into park ... will not stop . Thus the unit is of no use . These units have been on the market for several years . Surely they could have made the necessary quality improvements by now . Don Johnson
 It would n't stop raking when I first set it up . There was no litter in it yet , so it was n't a matter of the rake getting stuck -- from the other reviews I 've read , apparently the first thing the customer-service script tells the representative to do is blame the user for putting in too much litter . -LRB- Shoot first , ask questions later . -RRB- When I tried calling customer service myself during the business hours stated on the packing materials , they were closed . So I researched online and found others who had the same problem . I had to jerry-rig a fix so that the wheels would reach the kill switch at the end of the track . What poor design/quality control to let a machine go into production with this flaw . The bin is also far too small for the cat to do his business . If he does n't prop his front paws on the sides/front/back with his rear end in the middle , he ends up just peeing/pooping right on the sides/front/back of the machine . Gross . Worst of all , BY NO MEANS does the rake clean out the box . Unbelievably , the rake does not reach the bottom of the pan , so it leaves a lot of pee clumps . My cat hates this and has taken to peeing/pooping on the floor just outside the box . Plus you have to use premium clumping litter -- not regular litter or even regular clumping litter , but `` premium clumping litter , '' which ai n't cheap friends . I had higher hopes for this product , but I end up having to clean up more than I would a plain old litter box . Ugh . Shame on you , LitterMaid .
 I 'm with the others who had the same problem with the unit running continuously and never shutting off . Kudos to the reviewer who mentioned the fix about placing a cupboard rubber stop below the toggle switch . Worked like a charm . Our unit worked ok for one day before it started running non-stop . When it works , it 's wonderful . Hopefully it will last now . * Update : Well after a week of messing with the cupboard stops -LRB- still a good idea if I could get it to be consistent -RRB- , I gave up and had to return it . It would work for a day , then would only go half way and stop at the receptacle or begin to run continuously again . My old one lasted 5 years . I 'm disappointed with the newer models . Not made as well .
 Mine lasted only 4 months . What a waste of money ! And the rake kept getting messy . Even if I only put a small amount of litter in , the cat would scrape it up at the back and cause the rake to keep running . Luckily I was always home to adjust the litter . Plus I still ended up scraping the front and bottom to get what the rake could n't . The rake would break up the clumps and leave a mess for me to sift out . More work than ordinary litter box . Better to not waste your money on this product !!!!
 I bought this because I was pregnant and not supposed to scoop litter . Unfortunately , the rake in this item was constantly getting stuck . After having it for two months , it completely broke.Don ' t waste your money .
 My mother in law bought us one of these . Honestly , Im using it because she would ask where it was if I went back to my sifting pan . My issues with this include
 We have had this model of litter box from LitterMaid in the past and found it to be just what we wanted . Unfortunately , this time we received two of them from Amazon and both were defective . However , the returns were very easily and efficiently handled .
 I used to be a proud owner of this and other littermaid products . I now however advise that no one buy littermaid products . I have purchase two of these units in the last year and both have failed for no reason . When I contact the company , I was talked down to and was not offered any real information about the source of the problem . This product is not worth > 50 $ for less than six months worth of use .
 We purchased this thing at kmart and at first it didnt work at all out the box ... It was DOA . . So we returned it and got a replacement ... For the first 30 days it works `` OK '' . Cat poop ended up in the trays and the cat used it . . After 30 days the sensor failed . . We have to turn the littermaid off then back on again to get it to rake . . We contacted littermaid and have not had a single reply . . I cant believe the defects that are out on this thing and how stores can sell this believing it is a quality product .
 We have from two to four cats at a time in our home , and managing the litter box is something we want to be as easy as possible . This LitterMaid LM500 Automated Litter Box was the first automated solution we tried . I 'm afraid it was n't our last , as it had numerous problems.First , the tines would get clumped full of stuff and it would get caked solid rather quickly . I 'll note that we did n't even try having this be the `` only '' litter box in our home ! We had two others there too . We just wanted to see how well this worked . The storage container would get jammed in the open position , so that it did not do a good job of managing stench.However , we could have dealt with those issues . We could have cleaned the tines daily , and pushed down the lid ourselves regularly . The real problem was far more serious.First , understand how this works . The system sense motion and then X minutes after the cat has left the area , the tines move across , dragging any solids and clumps with it , pushing those items into the receptacle plastic box at the far end . Then the tines return to their original position and wait for a new visit.What happened with our unit would be that the tines would decide that they were ALWAYS ON and would keep going back and forth , back and forth , driving the poor kitties to distraction . There was no way they were going to jump in there and try to do their business while a set of metal tines was growling towards them!We tried several times to fix this , but it really just was n't worth it . We moved on to other options and found a GREAT one . This one went in the trash as we could n't even imagine subjecting any other cat owner to it . A large waste of money.Not well recommended.I 'll give it 2/5 stars on the assumption that some units do NOT do that random motion thing - but it would only take one fritz in a lifetime to really demolish a cat 's desire to ever use the unit again : -RRB-
 I bought 2 when I just got my kittens , they did work well for a couple of weeks maybe a month without a big issueVery noisy , a mess to change the containers , litter gets stuck all over the parts and the engine runs back and forth for hours !! Better than Purrforma
 I have actually had two of these machines . The first one I used for about a year before the motor burned out . I had tried other mechanized pooper scoopers and this one did a barely acceptable job . It always clogged with large ` loads , ' and the rakes would get clogged with my cat 's excrement . The second one I bought was actually the latest model and it did an even worse job . I spent more time cleaning up ` after ' the box than I ever did with an old-fashioned litter box . Then in frustration , I went to the message boards and found salvation
 Litter gets stuck in the rake and along the sides . Cleaning it means taking the whole thing apart and then you ca n't immerse all the pieces in water as it has the motor attached.The litter is all scooped into a little plastic container which has these 2 `` bumps '' in the lid to attach it to the box . The very first things my cats did was scratch holes in the `` bumps '' as they did n't know what they were , this then lets the smell out.I put up with it for about a month and then went back to the old way .
 Nice concept . In reality it 's a mess.The first couple of passes of the rake are fairly impressive . However , after a few days of operation , you 'll notice that the rake gets clogged with `` the stuff '' . It 's also prone to smearing `` the stuff '' on itself along the sides . A COMPLETE DISASTER TO CLEAN . After tolerating it for several months , I finally put the whole thing in the trash.I also found it to be too small for our cats . An adult cat is just to large for it , which is probably why the smeared `` stuff '' occurs . This thing might work okay for kittens . Forget it for adult cats . And because kittens grow into adults , just forget it .
 I 've owned a Littermaid for about 6 years now & it still works well . I got a second cat so decided to get a second box . BIG MISTAKE ! The newer littermaid performed miserably ... only scooping about 1/2 of what was in box leaving lots of little smelly particles just sitting out there.For the first time ever my house smelled like I had a cat -LRB- and I pride myself on keeping my house smelling pet-free . I should 've listened to the bad reviews . * On a side note ... Amazon is wonderful when it comes to returns so at least I 'm not out any money .
 This was a great disappointment and a real waste of money . First , the rake is always jammed . We followed instructions and coated it with silicone spray , but it made NO difference . Once the rake gets clogged , dirty litter gets sprayed all over the floor when the unit trys to empty the tray . We tried everything to make this product work . We used 3 types of premium clumping litter , yet end up cleaning the pan by hand frequently each day . The rake needs to be cleaned everyday in order to keep the unit working . The end result is more dirty litter sprayed on the floor and more daily work than our old non-automated -LRB- hand cleaned -RRB- litter box . I 'm cleaning this one today , and putting it on the pile of stuff to be sold at our next garage sell !
 This is an awful product . I have read the reviews saying to buy the `` bigger , better '' model but this is such a piece of junk I would n't buy anything else from this company . I got this thinking it would be great and what a hassle.I used the most expensive , premium scooping litter I could find and it still got stuck in the `` rake '' . When the rake if full of litter and `` stuff '' it becomes a shovel . When the shovel is pushing the whole box of litter towards the end it ca n't make it and so it backs up and tries again , and again , and again ... This is a great concept and I am looking forward to finding one that works someday but it wo n't be from this company.Fool me once , shame on you ... fool me twice shame on me .
 This is the most annoying machine . If you overfill , even a tiny bit , the rake will go back and forth until you want to throw it out the window . If you put too little litter , then the bottom is filled with urine and sticks to the rake . They really need to fix this problem . They need to make it so that you can put enough litter in to actually fill the box and keep urine off the bottom and for the rake to not be so incredibly sensitive . Until they come up with a better one , for us this is just going to be an overpriced litter box .
 My comments are about the LM700 . I have one cat , male , and I 'll grant you that he 's messy.But this unit was a monumental disappointment . I found it to be a lot of work to keep working well . But I stuck with it , because I was enamored of the idea . But the list of shortcomings is a long one , the most endearing of which was flinging urine-laden clods of litter against the wall . That was when it was actually able to drag it out of the box . Much of the time , the motor was n't strong enough to finish the job . It got stuck trying.Still ... I 'd have stuck with it . But the electric eye died after only about 3 months , so I had to run it manually . But that worked only I was right there when he did his job . Otherwise , the motor was not strong enough to move it once it turned to concrete.I finally had to throw the thing out . I 'd love to see an improved solution , but I wo n't be buying another one of these .
 I have owned two of these ... the first was replaced for free by Walmart where I purchased it for the same price as here . They are complex structures and I can not imagine anyone who is not a handy man owning one for long . I am and I find it a very poor implementation of a good design idea.The good ... it works and it keeps the bin ready for the next use.The bad ... it does not work for long before things get weak and then ultimately break it . The thing still gets messed up and cleaning all the little corners and angles is a dirty job and it can not be done with a hose because all the electronics are not protected in any way from water . It is not a substitute when one goes away for more than 2 days . I have two cats using this and not full time . I needs to be emptied every two days . You must use good quality clumping litter . The replacement canisters are expensive if you do not reuse them . In fact , it is cheaper to just use a coventional litter pan and throw away the whole thing litter and all instead of using the refuse containers as throw away items . The lids will fall off and need to be taped in place.My unit burned out when one of the cats pulled out the power cord at the end of the unit . It just kept getting fuller and fuller and I was gone for a few days . Even though it is supposed to be protected from running when blocked , when I returned I found the unit almost extended to the refuse bin and the stupid wire which hangs out in the middle of the box had been tangled by one of the poor cats trying to use the unit when it broke . BAD DESIGN!I am ordering one of the rocking style units and returning my second unit.By the way , the best litter boxes have strong curves at all corners so they are easy to clean . Keep that in mind .
 In our household we have both the LM500 and the LM900 . Do n't even bother with the LM500 !!! It is too weak to scoop the refuse out correctly and , on ours , the rake hit a binding point at the end and would then ` catapult '' the refuse out of the box . The LM500 did n't last 6 months for us and it sounded like it was on it 's last leg everyday.If you are looking at the LitterMaid automated litter boxes , pass by the LM500 and go directly to the LM900 . The 900 is larger , stronger , and just plain better .
 My family got two Litter maids as we have 4 cats . First few times the rake passes it works well . After that it clogs up . Very very hard to clean quickly . If you have lots of time on your hands then its no problem as you have to disassemble the whole thing . The first Littermaid broke in about six months , the second broke only a month later . It was fortunate that we received both as gifts . At $ -LRB- ... -RRB- a piece its better and easier to buy a normal cat box and take it to a self car wash and clean it out in seconds .
 I got this for my sister for christmas and with in 3 days the product stoped working . I was very upset because the animal using it was a 12 week old kitten with very little poop . I was out raged and immediatly returned the product and i still have not recieve my refund .
 Great in concept , awful execution . Disgusting to clean when the rake clogs up . There are MUCH better products - Litter Robot - well worth the additional cash .
 Mine was quite entertaining when I first purchased it because it came with a unique , added bonus feature . Every time the rake would get up to the disposal container , it would hang up and then forcefully catapult it 's precious cargo across the room . I would be sitting there watching turd showers as they fell like meteors after being flung from inside my closet.The turd launcher , as I 've come to refer to it , is now broken and assaults my home no more . After two purchases of this box over the last few years , I 'm once again in the market and looking for a better solution . The most frustrating thing about the Littermaid model is that it 's actually a reasonably good design which suffers only from miserable quality control during the manufacturing process . For this much money , it should at least come with a turd shield to help you protect yourself .
 Before buying the $ 99 version here , you might want to check around the Internet . The LATEST version of this product was released in July of 2003 . It has new retail packaging with a white cat on the front -LRB- instead of Garfield -RRB- , and there is a `` new and improved logo '' in the upper left corner . If the seller does not show this box , then they are selling LEFTOVER stock of the older model . That is what is being offered for $ 99 . Why is this important ? 1 . N&I model has a stronger motor reducing Warranty issues .2 . N&I model includes new accessories - triple action tool , and 4 odor-reducing carbon filters . Not included in $ 99 offer .3 . Latest Warranty Information not included -LRB- note that the $ 99 model avoids this issue -RRB- - the manufacturer checks a code on the product - you might be out of luck with the $ 99 modelThe $ 99 price is less than wholesale , but remember that you get what you pay for . For a few dollars more , there are PLENTY of sellers offering TRULY Brand New product , with all accessories and Warranty.Why take a chance ?
 For $ 160 dollars , this thing better do your job for you . Unfortunately , the story does n't end there . Not only is it expensive , but it 's also very poorly constructed , and designed to boot.We have two cats , one of which is very large . About a year after we purchased the littermaid , it started getting gummed up . I dismantled the entire thing and scrubbed it down , which was extremely gross , and a week later it was back to it 's old habits . I spend more time cleaning this thing out so the rake will work than I do disposing of the trays . If it were priced more reasonably , say sub - $ 100 , I would considering just buying a replacement , but if the manufacturer insist on making this thing $ 160 , with a flimsy , prone-to-breakage tent -LRB- I had to buy two -RRB- for another $ 40 and ramps , waste trays and carpets to buy ... Well lets just say I 'm not prepared to spend $ 500 dollars on litter products in the span of a year . One small cat might work with this product , if it 's regularly maintained . Other than that , find one of the similar easy-to-clean covered litterpans that retail for something like $ 19.99 , and just skip this mess .
 I bought the littermaid last year and was very scrupulous about the amount and type of litter used and keeping the sensors clean , etc. . My cat loved watching the rake clean up after her , and I liked having an appliance do her dirty work.BUT -- I went out of town for a few days and came back to find the littermaid was totally out of whack , running nonstop for up to an hour at a time . Although I cleaned it thoroughly , and it worked for about a week after that , it soon malfunctioned again and I was unable to ever get it to work properly again for more than a day or two at a time.Bottom line
 This is one of those products that I have a hard time believing this many people love or swear by it . I kept putting this off and putting this off , its one of those too good to be true things . But after reading alot of reviews and being really tired of cleaning up after my wife 's cats during her recovery from an injury , I thought I 'd try it out.WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY !!!! Yes , it looks cool and works okay to begin with , but the honeymoon ends quickly , within a day or two . The unit does not handle urine well , especially if you have a larger cat that makes large messes , the rake does n't seem to be able to move the clumps in one piece . It even has a problem with solid waste . The rakes leaves behind bits and pieces as it moves along . I found that most of the time , the clumps from urine were still soggy and nasty to deal with while following the advice of other users and emptying out the recpticals instead of throwing them away to save money . I did this because the replacement recepticals are extremely expensive and other users said that cleaning them after use was easy . What a joke !! The recepticals are made of very thin plastic and very difficult to snap out of place and back into place with splattering the waste around while you working with the receptical.After a frustrating 3 weeks with the box , I gave it to my sister who has younger , smaller cats , thinking it might work better for her since she did n't have a large mess maker . She had the same results ... frustration . After reading some more reviews online , I think maybe the designers should allow for more time to let the clumping of waste finish . I also think that they should design the box with a more powerful motor to move the waste . Please take my advice and the advice of those who have had negative opinions and experiences with this product . Save yourself the money and frustration . Take the easier route to `` self-cleaning '' and teach you cat to use the toilet !!!
 I bought this product one day when I was tired of yelling at my children to clean the cat box . What a waste of money ! We did n't have an electrical outlet close enough to the floor to plug the thing in so we had to use batteries which we went through alarmingly quickly . More litter was deposited on the floor than in the receptacle and every surface above the litter line got disgusting . To make it worse , there are a million little cracks and crevices , not even including the tines , that make cleaning the darn thing a time consuming chore . Even using hard clumping litter , lots of gunk got left in pan so we had to sift anyway ! Do n't waste your money !
 I was given a littermaid `` automatic '' litter box as a holiday gift . I thought it would save me time and hassle cleaning up after my 2 cats -- I was mistaken . Big flaws are
 January 21 , 2008Dear Littermaid ... I purchased the Littermaid and several accessories for a total of over $ 145 the first week of December . I had heard so many good things and wanted it to work properly so I even purchased the overpriced Littermaid brand kitty litter . I have two small cats who eat IAMS -LRB- not cement blocks -RRB- . I have had nothing but problems with this product . I am so disappointed . Either my cats relieve themselves at an exorbitant rate or I will have to sell my firstborn to pay for the replacement trays . The rake gets stuck . I have to clean/scrape the box 2X per day . I have tried switching to Fresh Step Clumping and Scoop Away with the same results . I have raised the litter levels , I have lowered the litter levels . I have pushed the litter to the back . I have pushed the litter to the front . I bought the special stuff so the litter does not stick to the bottom of the box . I have stood on my head did a little dance . If I was a four year old boy I may have enjoyed how much I have played in the `` sand box '' the six weeks . I have asked the Litter Box God to please tell me the `` Littermaid secret '' . I give up . The secret is apparently I AM THE LITTERMAID ! A simple litter box was so much easier . I only had to clean that 1x per day and did not have to woken up the the painful scraping of a rake that can not quite make it through a 1/2 inch of with litter a dime size clump of pee . God forbid they actually poop in there . I had asked for the Littermaid for Christmas -LRB- as sad as that is -RRB- and at this point I really want Santa to take it back . Give me my shovel and a plastic shopping bag . I suurender . I really regret not asking for a new poop shovel and taken the $ 100 and my cats could be pooping in gold dust . Wow . I did not know I was that mad . Sorry .
 I loved this item for the first three months that it ran . Unfortunately , it broke and by that time I did n't have the receipt or the box ... so the store refused to help , and the company refused to honor the warranty -LRB- even though they were aware that some models have a bad habit of running to the front of the machine and refusing to go backwards ! -RRB- . So ... try it ... you might get a better model/run than I did . But I think I 'll be trying the LitterSweep Ultra since it has less chance of litter interferring with it 's sensor or motors .
 ... and returned this thing when she warned me about it ! At first when I bought my LitterMaid , I was thrilled with it ... I did n't need to scoop anymore . I had read the reviews about the delay for clumping being too short , so I would leave the power off , then switch it on to scoop when I noticed the box had been used.I do n't know , maybe I waited too long before fully emptying and cleaning it the first time , but it was a MAJOR pain , and I never really got all the clumped litter off of the tracks -LRB- my cat tends to throw a lot of litter around and does n't always have the best aim when urinating -RRB- . The unit was never the same . Even waiting more than 10 minutes to run the unit , it would drag huge chunks of soiled litter across the box , only to then smash them under the rake when it retracted.I finally gave up and threw mine away . I waited years to buy this thing because I thought $ 90 was a bit much for a litter box . I wish I had stuck to my miserly ways in this case .
 I 've had cats for over 25 yrs in my life , have tried many different types of boxes as well . The littermaid was just horrible ! The rake ALWAYS had clumps of wet litter stuck to it , unless you take it off everyday and clean it ! I tried all the tricks and nothing made it work any better . So after about a year of using this I heard about another box , twice the money though , but all the reviews were great , so I purchased the litter robot in 2006 , have three cats , it 's still working like new and only take it apart to clean it about 3-4 a year ! Love it !! I ca n't say enough about this litter box , cost about twice as much as this one , but more than worth it !
 DO NOT BUY !!!! $ 189.99 worth of JUNK ! By self clean they mean `` clean it yourself with a shovel . This is not the first box I 've purchased , but it will be the last . All stopped working after a few months .
 `` I have not had this box but I have had three other boxes . The first one lasted for about three years.I was very happy with it and did not expect any trouble with another . We got a new one and simply did n't compare to the old one . The lid would not close . It was constantly getting jammed and the top of the plastic container would come loose leaving cat poop on top of the machine . That one broke with in six months . Coustmer service was very poor . My daughter bought me an elight mega one.It work great but broke a little after a year . I will not buy another one . '' > LitterMaid LM900 Mega Self-Cleaning Litter Box
 I bought this litter box . It worked great for a year . About a week after the store guarantee ended so did the product . Rake would no longer work properly . It got stuck in the middle and would make a horendous noise . Finally went back to disposible kitty kitter pans . Now looking for a better product on the market .
 I gave this litter box 2 stars for a great idea . I love that , if I am busy , I do not have to worry about scooping out the litter box . The problem is that we are on our second one in two years and these things are expensive . They seem to last just long enough for the warranty to run out . Our second one just stopped working and ca n't be repaired . Also , even if I get the hard clumping litter that comes with the litter box , the pieces often break apart or stick to the rake as it is sweeping the box . My next tact will be to try a different brand . For more than one hundred dollars , I need the box to work flawlessly and to last more than one year .
 On paper , this is a great invention . No more daily litter clean up , right ? Wrong . The rake thing is constantly getting stuck , and inevitably it 's in the middle of the night , so we have to get up and get it unstuck . My cats do n't like the noise it makes , and I think they 've gotten scared of it , since one of them has started to poop just outside of the box , and the other one started to pee on the bathroom rug -LRB- he 's 5 years old , and has never had a problem before -RRB- . So I switched back to my old litter box , and the litter problems have gone away . I still have the littermaid , but neither of my cats will step one paw in it . Plus , Littermaid insists you use their brand of litter , and I think it 's one of the worst clumping litters I 've ever used . It has NO odor control , so I 'm almost glad my cats have stopped using it .
 i have 3 litter maid litter boxes , they are all unplugged sitting in my basement . the cost of the boxes was not worth cleaning the rake when the feces got stuck in it , which was all the time . the rake was always stuck in the middle , and my cats were going on the floor . it was the worst investment ever , and i am sorry i bought three at one time , i will never make that mistake again . it is a great idea , but it was easier just to scoop the litter the old fashioned way than to clean the forks of the rake . at least with the old sifter scooper , there was no scraping raw feces . i hated the boxes and would gladly give them away !!!!!
 I wish we had the option for ZERO STARS ! This item deserves ero stars as it is not worth the money . It would not be worth it even if it was under $ 10 ! I purchased the Mega box in February 2005 as a gift for my cat at tax time . I was hoping the reduce the amount of cleaning we do to a few times a week and save money on litters & supplies . Well , it worked great up until last September 2005 . Now it frequently jams while trying to rack the waste to the recepticle . I spent about $ 200 on this and it did not last a year . I find that this is a waste of money . I am now replacing the Mega Box with the old fashion litterbox . After reading so many complaints on this machine , I strongly advise that you give up on this path and stick with the standard box . It will save you time and aggrivation even though you have to scoop out the box yourself .
 I never owned a Littermaid and never will , because I saw the problems my friend was having with it . She had it for a few months and had problems with it clogging several times a week . I liked the idea of an automatic litterbox , however ; I 'm a busy doctor and frequently am on call overnight , away from the house , ca n't change the box very frequently . I went online and did some comparison shopping , and found the Litter-Robot -LRB- www.litter-robot.com -RRB- . I would highly recommend this as an alternative to the littermaid . It is larger , but has a turning mechanism which sifts out clumps and dumps them in a lower compartment -LRB- instead of raking them out , which can break or get stuck -RRB- . It has a lot of safety mechanisms to make sure cats do n't get caught during a turn , and has been trouble free for the whole time I 've had it , I just change it 2X 's a week , for 2 cats . I keep it on the balcony and let the cats come and go at will through a sliding door pet door -LRB- purchased on eBay -RRB- . I purchased it for $ 280 for a refurbished -LRB- cleaned , previously owned -RRB- model , and though it 's almost 2X 's the cost of the Littermaid , it seems well-worth it ! I have no worry about the litter , there 's little scent , and the cats like using it now that they are used to it , because there is always clean litter . Changing it is just like taking out the garbage , just lift up the bag . The balcony is still attractive and we can use it for other things , like laying on the hammock . I highly recommend this as an alternative to the LitterMaid , which my friend had to throw out ! -LRB- PS
 Functionally , the unit is great -- when it works . Our first unit waived its white flag after about 9 months . They shipped us a new one for free - except for the $ 15 shipping fee . 8 months later , this one is dead ...
 I purchased this and was extremely disappointed!It does a poor job raking the litter and tends to jam up very easily . It only holds about 3 '' deep of litter so you constantly have to refill the litter . This turned out to be more of a job than using a regular litter box . I sent it back!The idea behind it 's system is good , but it needs a stronger motor , and a much more effienct raking system .
 We are on our third littermaid . The first one we bought about 10 years ago and it worked great . The second one -LRB- Mega -RRB- worked okay until one of the plastic gears broke and we could n't buy the part so we had to buy a new Mega . This one is a piece of junk . Apparently , they have changed the motor and now it is not powerful enough to push the clumping litter into the box and continuously gets stuck . Since I spend so much time cleaning the box myself , I might as well have a regular litter box . I will never buy another littermaid product .
 I 've been meaning to review this product for awhile . I bought my original littermaid about 15 years ago and really liked it a lot . Eventually , it needed replacing . Wow . What an inferior product . For such a pricey item I expected better . I wrote to Littermaid CS and received no response . After struggling with this product for several years -LRB- probably an older model than this one -RRB- , my daughter finally convinced me to get a new litter system.My house stunk.The rake was horrible , not touching the bottom of the pan , and litter turned into clay.The waste recepticles were far inferior and could hardly be reused more than a few times which is expensive and bad for the environment , too.I told myself all those years that it was worth the hassle because I `` travel . '' The truth is I am lazy and I sometimes travel . However , when it got down to it I was scooping my box - by hand - at least twice daily and had been doing so for YEARS . You could n't rely on the Littermaid to scoop properly and half the time the box JAMMED leaving it out of commission all day . -LRB- Tell yourself how you would feel if you could n't flush the toilet all day but had no choice but to use it ? Yuck -RRB- I have a multiple cat family and was going through TWO of the mega huge buckets of litter every single month . At $ 13.00 / each , that adds up.My daughter grew up over the course of my Littermaid history and got herself a cat . Did she get a Littermaid ? No . She got a Booda Dome Litter box and a Petmate LitterLocker . She convinced me to do the same.Now , I 'm not going to lie . The thought of having to shell $ 10/piece for the LitterLocker bag thingies did n't sit that well with me . Well , guess what ? I started scooping on my own -LRB- no more clay -RRB- and suddenly went from TWO buckets of litter to ONE bucket of litter - if that - every month . The bag thingies paid for themselves and then I discovered that Amazon had those bag thingies for $ 5/each if you bought enough.Wow . I ca n't say enough about my new litter system . My house does n't stink . I 'm not as lazy as I thought . The cats are happier . I spend less money.No choice - do n't buy this product . What a hassle.UPDATE
 If you enjoy handling your cat 's waste products even more than you did with a conventional box , this is the product for you.Also , you 'll want to put a big tray underneath since all sorts of things will get dumped on the floor as the rake mechanism moves up towards the bin . Why in the world do the sides drop away at the bin end?You 'll want to check the box every day & rake the litter by hand , and empty the bin every other day or so.Good concept , poor design .
 Our 16 year old cat has had a wonderful LitterMaid Self-Cleaning Litter box for 10 years . Then one day it died . So not wanting to upset the opld girl I bought her a new one . All it did was rake rake rake . It would not stop . I called the company & we tried the reset procedure . No luck . I returned it & got a new one - - same problem . I reset & it just kept raking . I returned the second one as well . They were both defective unfortunately.So I ordered a smaller one from LitterMaid , the LM700 I believe -LRB- or something like that -RRB- it works beautifully . I do n't expect it to last 10 years like our first - - but it would be nice.I will continue to use this brand as the very first one did run for 10 years .
 I was disappointed in the product overall . If you have a cat or cats that like to sometimes pile everything in one corner , the rake will malfunction due to the load . Also , the receptacle is not very easy to take out once it is full .
 I 've owned three Litter Maids and had to return all three . Terrible , terrible product . It 's not just that they break , they did n't even work well while they worked . I finally splurged on the Litter Robot and love it . It works perfectly , and even though it costs $ 300 , you do n't have to buy any special contianers like the Litter Maid , and it 's also extremely frugal with litter . Over the long run I believe the Litter Robot is actually less expensive . Believe me , just save yourself time and money and get the Litter Robot .
 I 'm really surprised to see so many positive reviews about this product because I thought it was useless , and completely regret spending my money on it.I started out optimistic since I have two cats and the idea of this machine making my life easier sounded great . Unfortunately , the box was never clean , even from the start . The rake , inside walls of the machine , and the waste receptacle always had dirty litter on them . Often the poopy litter clung to the rake and stayed there in the teeth like cement , and sometimes it did n't go into the waste receptacle well . It turned out to be TWICE as much work -LRB- as compared to a regular litter box -RRB- to keep it clean and non-stinky . Trust me -- I tried . I followed the instructions to a `` t '' including using the right clumping litter , filling only to the `` Fill Line , '' , etc. . It has a 30-day warranty , but the last thing I wanted to do was wash and mail this smelly contraption back to the manufacturer . DO N'T WASTE YOUR $ $ !
 I should have read the reviews before purchasing.This is incredibly finicky about precise fill level . I must have overfilled by 1/4 '' or so , because it stopped working properly after the first day . The scooper still scooped but the thing seldom opened the lid of the receptacle.With such shallow litter , my cats had trouble digging and covering.The fact that a scoop is included in the package is informative.I gave it two stars instead of one because the charcoal filter does a good job of odor control . And another clock in the house is always handy .
 I do not usually take the time to write product reviews but I am writing this one in lieu of sending a letter to the manufacturer . I purchased a LitterMaid litter box approximately 6 years ago and was very pleased with the product . The motor eventually burned out so I purchased a second LitterMaid litter box approximately a year ago . Parts are now cheap and do not assemble properly . You can not remove the litter receptable area to empty the soiled litter . You have to empty the entire unit . One of the guiders on the rake broke after 6 months . I gave up . Will never buy another one .
 I bought the Littermaid for my three cats about a year ago thinking it would reduce the hassle of cleaning the box . Turns out , I was wrong . You do n't have to clean the box as much anymore , but the Littermaid 's rake gets stuck constantly and you have to scoop the box and/or clean the rake to get it unstuck . The motor in the Littermaid seems too weak for the job it has . As of yesterday , about 15 months after buying it , mine broke entirely . I thinkI 'm going to go back to just a regular litterbox .
 The concept is nice in theory ... you do n't have to scoop litter . But in reality , this is product with so many flaws that it does not add much to the quality of your life as a cat owner.The problem that bugs me most is the ODOR ! The recepticle which holds the cat waste does absolutely nothing to neutralize the odor of the waste . If you have one cat you can expect to go at least 5 days without having to empty the recepticle , in terms of size capacity . However , that is basically 5 days worth of cat waste collecting and stinking up your house . We keep our box in the downstairs bath and you can smell it from the hallway . I have to go in there and scoop out the barely-filled waste recepticle every couple of days or less anyway because it just stinks too much . At one point we used one of those littermaid cat tents to improve the asthetics of the box , and that certainly just made the smell worse . We 've tried using the arm & hammer stuff to help with the smell , but the difference it makes is negligible . We are much better off in terms of smell by just scooping a traditional litter box every day.We have also run into the usual problems of the rake not grabbing the small pieces of waste so that the tray is always scattered with little clumps of waste that you have to scoop anyway . Sometimes the system malfuntions and does n't scoop at all . We 've had 2 , and had to buy our second one after the first one died out after 4 years for one cat.The only benefit to this box is that you can leave your cat at home and go on a short vacation without worrying about their litter situation or having to hire a petsitter.However , when we bought the second one , it was out of desperation since we were going on vacation . I did n't realize there were other options . But now that I 've read about the Cat Genie and the Litter Robot , I am anxious to buy something else to replace that horrible Litter Maid .
 The first box lasted less than a month . The manufacturer sent a replacement after several phone calls . The first replacement box stopped working after 3 weeks and the second replacement -LRB- third box in less than 3 months of use -RRB- stopped after 10 days . The tracks are cheap and bowed after a few days or weeks causing the motor to run over and over while I was away during the day.Even when it worked it did not work well as described by other reviewers .
 when i first bought this , i thought it was amazing . scooped the litter , was n't too loud , and easy to switch my cat over to.the longer i had it , the worse it became.the parts become coated in cat waste , down to small gears and parts impossible to clean . the metal rake is just the surface for hard cat urine and feces to stick to -LRB- ew . really . ew . -RRB- the receptacles are way overpriced -LRB- reusing them is hard to do since the thin plastic breaks and deteriorates in a few weeks , -RRB- and the receptacle lids are a joke -- they do n't fit correctly enough to stay in place.the bins get filled up quickly , even though small bits of waste are being constantly left behind.the thing that killed me was cleaning it -- much harder to do than a normal litter box that can be lined . everything seems to be coated in `` cat feces attractor coating . `` after sensors starting messing up a little over a year after purchase -LRB- rake would n't move for hours , then suddenly start moving back and forth constantly until unplugged -RRB- , i decided enough was enough.i have since bought a petsafe simply clean automatic litter box . the silence , efficiency , and ease of use -LRB- including cleaning -RRB- combined with the reusable receptacles make littermaids look like the cheap , ill-designed pieces of sh ** i always knew they were .
 If you want something that works all the time , use your hand . The LitterMaid is nice when it works , but so far it has gotten stuck every other day . I 've been using Arm & Hammer cat litter , which is recommended by the manufacturer . The main problem is that it does n't give the litter enough time to harden up , so when it rakes the box , `` stuff '' will get stuck and will cause the machine to either run non-stop or will stop running altogether . You will wind up scooping litter from the LitterMaid box about as much as you would a regular one .
 Just got two new kittens and this looked like a great item . I wish I 'd bought it from Amazon , I paid about $ 150 at a local pet store.After less than two weeks it started jamming . Even the smallest `` deposit '' would cause it to reverse and it would not do its job.I called the customer `` service '' number that came with it , and was queued # 17 in line ! After some time I finally talked to a man who was no help at all.About then I read the reviews on this piece of junk , both here and online.I threw it away and bought a `` Litter Robot '' . MUCH more expensive , but you get what you pay for!Don ' t buy this unless you enjoy frustration !
 I have two cats , I bought this to help keep things clean and tidy , well it was a disaster and here is why.There is a MAJOR design flaw in this litter box , it has no solid scoop only a rake-like feature to pick up the cat waste . Well that is lovely if the waste is n't in any way still damp but if it is watch out ! With the rake-like feature it dug through the waste and stuck in the scooper all the time . Then it would reverse and push the unscooped waste into the mechanisim and it was just gross ! I was useing premium clumping litter so it was n't the litter . I spent more time cleaning this litter box than I did the old fashion kind . I finally threw this thing away after about 6-12 months of trying to deal with it . I went out and bought an old fashioned covered box , it is cleaner , smells better and does n't constantly jam the way my Littermaid did.Maybe if you have one cat of small to average size or even two small cats this thing will work fine but if you have a large cat or multiple large cats this thing is a disaster !
 Do n't buy it . I had it and it worked great for 11/2 weeks and my cats used it . Than it stopped working ! Just stopped . I 've tried everthing except send it back , to LitterMaid , which am going to do .
 Forget the LitterMaid ... save yourself the hassle and spend the extra money to get a Litter-Robot . One of the happiest days of my life was when I was able to get rid of the LitterMaid and use regular trash bags to line the collector of the Litter-Robot . They 're priced a bit higher , but definitely worth the extra money .
 This litter box should be recalled . It works well for a short time , and then completely stops functioning . Google this item and read the many consumer complaints . I found Litter Maid customer service to be extremely unhelpful . Do not waste your money on this product .
 We bought one and it seemed to do the job so after a week we bought a second one . BIG MISTAKE.One machine broke and the rake just flopped around and could n't scoop . We were able to get a replacement - but it is still in the carton - because the other litter box is always jamming . And they sent the wrong model -LRB- a cheaper one -RRB- . One of our three cats tends to pee on one side of the box and the clump is getting stuck to the bottom of the pan . We can only imagine that the urine goes down the side of the pan , under the litter , and then clumps and sticks - constantly . We tried EVERY recommendation in reviews to try and stop the sticking.I will give the replacement box away and throw away the used one . Maybe the next owner 's cat will pee right in the middle.It 's back to the old-fangled poop and scoop box .
 I 've had the Littermaid for about 5 months now , and I would n't recommend it . I have two adult cats and while they use it faithfully , I spend just as much time -LRB- if not more -RRB- trying to keep it clean.Here are a few issues I have regarding the Littermaid :1 . The Waste Recepticles are very expensive . Especially if you want the filters as well . -LRB- The filters have to be purchased seperately -RRB- . If you have multiple cats , the recepticles may have to be replaced several times a week .2 . The Littermaid box and rake are especially hard to clean . Since you are using clumping litter , water has almost no effect . If you live in your own home and/or have access to a garden hose , you may be able to clean it with some soap and elbow grease -LRB- do n't forget those gears ! -RRB- , but if you live in an apartment , you can be faced with an awful mess . -LRB- Do n't use your bath tub !!!! -RRB- 3 . I 've had some problem with the rake getting jammed or stalling over the recepticle . There is a tiny little metalic sensor in the grooves on both ends of the tray . The rake appears to require these sensors to know when to retract . If the metal is bent or blocked by dirt , it could appear to be broken . Again , this box needs to be cleaned reguarly.Overall , it does n't work very well . I do n't recommend the Littermaid . It smells , it 's hard to clean , it 's expensive and time consuming . For 140.00 -LRB- I bought the tent as well -RRB- , I expected to spend less time fussing with the litter box.If you do choose to try the Littermaid Self Cleaning Litter box , buy a large box up rubber gloves , your gon na need em .
 Unfortunately , the manufacture seems to have misunderstood the basic function of this product -- instead of being a useful device for cleaning cat * & # @ , they made it like * & # @ ! I should have known better ... I checked the mostly bad reviews online , but ignored them because a co-worker swears by his and has had it about 4 years . Apparently , the model has changed and there are many more complaints now.I diligently set the unit up according to spec , and filled it correctly -LRB- just below the line -RRB- with premium clumping litter . It ran a grand total of 3 times before making a snapping crunch which left the litter rake pointing skyward . Not only could n't it scoop litter , but it could n't open the disposal compartment or even make a full run -- thankfully the unit has some safety feature built in that it stopped straining on its thin power lead when it got to the tension of a guitar string . The motor then reversed and parked itself ... so the skyward facing rake almost exploded the backside of the top!Called the manufacture and they said `` the unit is broken '' . No fixing it and no confidence left . It 's a real shame -- hopefully they will get it straightened out . Maybe I 'll try a low-tech stacking sieve box . The Litter-Robot is just too pricey .
 I have bought 4 of these litter boxes for $ 100 each and ALL of them have broken in some way ... sensor , motor . One of them works half the time now and I 've had to throw out two . I thought I just got a bad one or that the cat was hard on it . Well ... these are made for cats to use , are they not ? They sure do n't do the job that they advertise they do .
 I loved the idea of never having to scoop out my cat box again , so when I got this for Christmas -LRB- do n't get me started on who gives a litter box as a Christmas present -RRB- it was better than getting a brand-new bike . After that the excitement quickly wore off . I live in a small apartment , but I 'm sure that even in a mansion that the sound of the electric engine raking the litter at three in the morning would still wake me . It could have been beautiful , it could have been quiet , it could have been perfect . My cat , who also enjoys just setting off the sensor so that the rake will pass through the litter , has learned that a great way to get me out of the bed in the middle of the night is to build up a little mountain of litter so that when the rake passes through it and attempts to return to its start position it can not and the machine will continue to run back and forth , making a sound very similar to nails on a chalk board , until someone -LRB- me -RRB- evens out the litter . If you add to this the contining cost of new containers and charcoal packs , as well as that the cover is not form fitting so litter still gets everywhere when kitty plays soccer with his clumps it 's really not worth this much money . I 'm thinking of getting one of those rolling litter boxes or earplugs , I 'm undecided .
 I 'm so mad about this product . I did extensive research on the product online including the Littermaid home site and I talked to friends . I finally decided to purchase the product . After getting the litter box home I opened the package and started to read the instruction manual . On the first page in bold letters it says it is not to be used for kittens under the age of 6 months . Evidently there is a safety problem with kittens . Well , I have two kittens that are 21/2 months . In all of my research I never saw any information saying that it could n't be used for kittens . I went back to the Littermaid website and I also reviewed the box again just to make sure I did n't miss something . So , now I have a $ 90 litter box that I ca n't even use for another 4 months !! I 'm very angry they did n't publish this information on the box .
 I 'll begin with the bottom line . THIS PRODUCT IS GARBAGE.I bought this twice . The first time it lasted a year , and then the motor died . For that year , it still required a LOT of pesky cleaning , but it was less work than a normal litter box.But , die the motor did , shortly after the warranty ran out.So I bought another one . It failed to work out of the box . It was replaced on warranty with one that died in two weeks . This one was replaced on warranty with one that died in three weeks . At this point we thought we had the warranty procedure down , and expected to follow the same procedure , but on calling customer service a manager refused to send us another . So I 'm out the cost of two of these guys and still I have no functioning littermaid . This is a bad product from a bad company.The Litter Robot , on the other hand , works very well , if your cats are willing to use it .
 I read several reviews before buying this product . They seemes very mixed , but I hate changing the litter box , and I thought , `` Hey , that person who talks about the cat poop flying 10 feet in the air has GOT to be lying ! '' Well , sir , that person was not . I , too , have seen the flying cat poop . In fact , the day some hit me in the face was the day I decided to return this!One plus
 First of all if your cat pees in the back corner on the tines , forget about it , you 'll constantly be scraping and cleaning and poking around in this thing until it works properly . Secondly it 's not any more cleaner than a regular enclosed cat box , my cats have litter scattered around the opening only hours after I sweep up around it . It 's easily clogged , the unit has an infinite amount of nooks and crannys that get full of litter , and need a thourough cleaning -LRB- outdoors ! -RRB- every few months . It 's really a chore to do . The motor is not very powerful and gets bogged down on larger clumps EASILY . After you buy it you 'll notice the cheapness of it right away . The noise and the lack of quality of the parts . Countless times I have been awaken at midnight by the loud whine of this contraption struggling to empty the contents until it finally stops after four or five rounds of noise unable to achieve its goal . After a little more than one year mine just stopped working I will not purchase another and I advise you the same . There 's no getting around scooping litter if you care about your cat -LRB- s -RRB- . Someone needs to hit the drawing board again with a different style of auto litter box , one thats engineered a bit better than this failure .
 After having this piece of junk for 2 months it broke . I contacted littermade and there is no option for a refund or a return . Even when this worked , it was a hassle and did not clean the box , and the unit smelled ! Stick with a regular box , I had to clean this box more then the regular box !
 I 've had my Littermaid box for over a year now , and I finally got so frustrated I decided to chuck it . I have two cats , and one is elderly and picky about her litter . I work full-time , and I just could n't keep the box clean enough throughout the day for her standards . So I really really wanted this to work ! And in that sense , it did . It solved whatever problem we were having that caused her to make her messes outside of the box . But :1 . It 's a mess to clean . I 've tried all different types of `` premium clumping litters , '' and many of them get stuck on the tines of the rake . The litter level is also pretty shallow , and when my cats kick litter everywhere , it gets onto the tracks of the motor and makes a horrible crunching noise . It then gets ground in . I tried to use a damp cloth to clean it out , and my box shorted out . It was still under warranty so I got it replaced .2 . It is extremely sensitive to litter level . The `` max fill '' level is too shallow . I live in a dry place , and my cats drink a lot . They make big clumps . Most times these will actually touch the bottom , and they can get sheared off by the rake as it tries to scoop . The `` min fill '' level is definitely too low . I always have it filled to the max fill level if I can help it , and I 've noticed a definite weakening of the motor because of this . So every day , I have to scrape along the bottom of the pan to get all the sheared off mess unstuck and into the receptacle -LRB- or the trash -RRB- .3 . The receptacle is too small . If a clump falls into the receptacle sideways , the lid does n't close all the way . This causes all kinds of messes , and it happens every day . The receptacle does n't close into a neat , self-contained package that is easy to throw away . I usually have to hold the lid down with my thumbs as I carry it to the trash . Once dumped , it promptly opens and the contents spill out .4 . The rake to receptacle design needs more work . There 's a gap between the bottom of the receptacle and the bottom of the pan . Sometimes a clump will get stuck at the top `` rotating '' part of the cycle -LRB- right before it gets dropped into the receptacle -RRB- , and part of it gets sheared off onto the lip of the receptacle . Worse , a dry , poorly-sized turd will get stuck in between , and can get `` launched '' by the rake when the motor keeps pushing it . Needless to say , it 's gross to find cat turds where you do n't expect them .5 . Even with the receptacle fitted under the plastic tabs of the box , a lot of clean litter ends up falling in between the crack , making a mountain of litter under the box . This is because if you have the box filled to the `` max fill '' line , and your cat goes towards the back , the rake pushes the clump forward . The clump ends up acting like a shovel , and plows litter ahead of it forward , and up and over into the receptacle . If it makes it that far . Sometimes the resistance becomes too much and the motor gives up and tries again , repeatedly . After several minutes it gives up , and you have to clean it yourself and fix the problem .6 . It 's extremely loud . I have a 1500 sq foot house , and no matter where the box is , I can hear it when it cleans . At first it did n't bother me , but now it wakes me up at night , partly because it gets stuck so often and keeps going back and forth . I get up at least once a week to go turn it off.In summary , it works , sort of . My daily routine looks like this : - use the special scoop to the get litter unstuck from the tines -LRB- sometimes a whole clump is stuck to the front , like roadkill on a car grill -RRB- . - use a different scoop with a flat edge to scrape off the sheared wet litter that is stuck on the bottom . - run the littermaid to clean up these `` new '' clumps that it missed . - use a mini-vac to clean up all the spilled litter outside and under the box , and along the tracks . - empty the receptacle , which is always too full -LRB- not because I do n't empty it frequently enough , but because it 's dimensions are too small to hold a single clump and close completely -RRB- . Once a week I empty the whole thing out and try to clean it with soap and water , though this is futile because the rake is so hard to clean and you ca n't get the top `` mechanized '' part wet.Needless to say , this is WAY more work than a conventional box , and I 've given up .
 I should have returned this thing because it will not stop running . I had one of these litter boxes which lasted for about 4 yrs . then died , so this was a replacement . I will not buy another one , because now I have to turn it on , then turn it off manually . What a waste of money !
 I have had three different Littermaids over the years and this one is the worst . It was more work than having a plain litter box that you clean yourself daily . The rake would constantly get jammed from one of my kitties doing its business right infront of the rake . The rake would need to be cleaned constantly . The litter would fall between the recepticle and the box so it too had to be cleaned up constantly . Finally the rake got jammed and broke . I then read the reviews on Amazon about this product and wish I had read them before purchasing it . I also read where several people had purchased a Litter Robot and were very happy with it . I decided to bite the bullet and buy one . They are $ 299 but I was able to buy a reconditioned one for $ 229 with the 18 month warranty . I LOVE IT ! The best investment I have ever made . I only have to dump the drawer once a week with two cats and no more recepticles ! It is practically maintenance free . I bought my daughter one for christmas and she loves hers too . It is well worth the money .
 We bought this item 2 months ago and it quit working after one month.We used the premium litter but the `` cat material '' clumped up and the rake could n't move it . It created a real mess.Also , it sounded like a loud , dying chainsaw whenever it was doing it 's thing . It was just struggling to move even the tiniest amount of stuff .
 We have used this product for 9 years . The first two we bought lasted 4 years each . We just went through our third one this year . Seems that the company is using cheaper parts and the motor is n't lasting more than a few months . This last one less than two months for two cats . If they went back to a quality product I would buy it again , but not this cheap thing . Time to try their competitors . It ca n't be any worse . Also the company customer service is horrible .
 We currently have four always indoors cats , we have had as many as six at one time . We have owned as many as two Litter Maids at one time and experienced the same problem with all of them . First the solid waste sticks to the forks and is difficult to clean . Second the trays are expensive and messy to change . I see where they are now giving you 18 trays for about the same price we were paying for twelve , but at over $ 1.00 each they are still too much.We recently bought a Scoop Free and are more than happy with it . It works as advertised and even though the replacement cartridges are expensive , they last a long time and actually cost us less than we were paying for litter alone . We have now bought a second Scoop Free and find we only use three cartridges a month , and have never had to clean it except for waste that has gotten on the sides that needs to be wiped off , but we would have that problem no matter what type of box we used.If you are thinking about buying an automatic litter box I would suggest you buy the Scoop Free instead of this one . With the ninety-day money-back guarantee you have nothing to loose and I believe you will not want to return it.See my full review of the Scoop Free by going to the product or my clicking on `` See all of my review '' link here .
 It worked amazingly for the first week I had it . It was great . Then it started to get problems . The litter would clump to the rake every time . It 'd have trouble pushing the clumps into the receptacle.Last week , it got stuck in the `` all the way '' extended position . The rake is blocking the receptacle so I ca n't take the poop out , but it 's also holding the lid open so the smell permeates . It wo n't retract the rake , no matter if I fiddle with the on and off switch , try to push it back manually , whatever .
 My previous unit lasted 8 years . The cat loved it and even the kids did n't mind emptying it . So when the retracting spring broke and could n't be fixed , I ordered a new one . This one has been problems from the start . The motor is weaker and ca n't always get the chunks into the receptacle , Litter sticks to the bottom of the tray and when it does rake it , it leaves some litter between the rakes on the bottom . I have to scoop it every couple days to get the stuff that stuck to the bottom . And now it wo n't rake at all . So we are back to scooping on a daily basis . At least it has a receptacle to scoop into .
 My cat has blown two of these things up by peeing/spraying on the motor . You would think a litterbox would be BUILT to be peed on ... but nope ... and they do NOT make it easy to get it replaced . Waste of money if you 've got a sprayer !!
 I went through 2 of these things before I gave up . The first one the motor died within 2 weeks . Thinking it was a fluke I returned it and got another one . The 2nd one never really cleaned the box . It would scrape everything to the edge of the box but never dump it in the tray . So I still had to go clean the box everyday anyway . Finally after dealing with that for 5-6 months I threw it away and went back to the old reliable litter box . If I have to clean the `` self cleaning '' box I might as well have something that is n't horribly noisey in my house . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk !!
 My wife and I bought one of these infernal machines and next to nails on a chalkboard and Ashley Simpson , the shrieking that comes from the slow-dying motor is absolutely one of the worst noises I can think of . I have been woken from a dead sleep many nights to the tune of `` clogged feces . '' If you have n't heard this tune , let me describe it for you . Combine a five year old playing the electric violin for the first time with Fran Drescher and add in a few seconds of dead silence in two or three 15 second intervals.So basically , it 's your choice . If you 're a fan of Fran Drescher and grammar school concerts , go for it . Otherwise , invest your $ 100 in something else .
 This litter box is not worth the money . I have had to have it replaced three times because the motor has stopped . I use the premium clumping litter and follow the directions completely and still it is insufficient . Then my cat urinated on the motor compartment and the motor burned up !! It 's a LITTER BOX ! It should not break because a cat used it !!!! Now my `` warranty '' is expired by one month and the company wo n't do anything for me . DO NOT BUY THIS INFERIOR PRODUCT !
 I do like the idea of not scooping litter . But now instead of scooping litter I am always leveling out the litter so the cat litter pan will stop running all of the time . If you have a cat that does their business and walks away without scooping any of the litter with their paw this is perfect for you . If your cat does scoop the litter and they happen to make a small hill of litter this cat litter try will run constantly until you level out the litter . If this happens while you are at work do n't expect your cat to wait for you to get home to fix the litter pan . Might want to keep some Resolve on hand .
 I have two cats and thought this machine would be a great helper with unappealing litter box chores . Well , I spent more time scraping `` stuff '' out of the rake than I previously did just scooping and dumping with my traditional litter box . The rake would adhere to the solid waste while attempting to carry it into the waste receptacle . This would make the machine get stuck going back and forth repeatedly trying to dump the waste . Also , this machine is pretty loud . I had to turn it off in the evening so it would n't scare everyone in the middle of the night . One of my cats hated the screeching sound of the machine so much that she resorted to using one of my secondary bedrooms as a litter box to avoid the machine -LRB- she has NEVER done this before and she 's almost 7 years old -RRB- . I returned the machine to Amazon and have happily gone back to scooping 2-3 times a day .
 I am going to start this off by saying I have tried many many cat litter products . I have two large cats - a male and a female and zero time to clean the box out . I have probably spent well over $ 1,000 trying to find the right prouct . This one is the worst . I have had a littermaid before and it was ok . It was n't great by any means but it was ok . This one does not work . I purchased a new littermaid after having the Litter Robot , which was great but way too big for my condo . I then went back to the traditional box which I can not stand . I thought I would try the littermaid again.The rake pushes all of the waste to the end of the box but then lifts up too high and doesnt push anything in , that is if it gets to the end of the box . You have to really measure the amount of litter that you are putting in . A tablespoon too much and the thing wont push through . The motor sounds like it is going to fail at any moment . I travel a lot for work and need something that is going to help eliminate the waste from the box so my cats are comfortable . This is not the right product . In the 10 days I have had this new box it has gotten stuck about 15 times . It is harder to clean when there is a problem because all of the litter clumps on the rake . It is gross ! I would not recommend this to someone who is looking to reduce the time needed to clean the box . I would however think it is ok if you still want to scoop the litter box each time your cat uses it !
 This is the first review I have ever done -LRB- I am the daughter-in-law of the women with this account -RRB- . I bought two of these and I had four fully-grown cats . It worked -LRB- with lots of loving -RRB- for a little less than a year . They have both died . I cleaned the unit out all the time . The plastic inserts that you must buy are expensive . If you have a cat that likes to fling litter - litter gets everywhere . I think it is a nice idea if you have a well behaved cat - perhaps up to two . But this was not a good investment with four cats . Even though I cleaned them out every day - they would like one more than the other . It was too much for the boxes . They are both now in the dumpster . I have bought three inexpensive large cat boxes with lids -LRB- I now have three cats -RRB- . I am hoping they will be a success .
 This is junk ! Even filled only as much as recommended , the machine kept on getting stuck , and repeatedly attempted to clean out the waste . The noise drove me nuts . Frequently , it did n't make it to the holding bin , instead it balanced just before the holding tray . And the teeth were always getting gunked up . I threw it away !
 I love my cat , but let 's face it cleaning his litter box is not the highlight of my day . I finally decided to splurge and get this automatic self-cleaning litter box . Big mistake .1 . The box was missing half the parts -LRB- scoop , cleaning brush , and filters -RRB- .2 . The assembly instructions are HORRID . It took FOREVER to assemble this thing . Seriously , they need to spend a little money to get someone to write intelligent instructions .3 . The product can be used with batteries or plugged in . I needed it to use the batteries but the battery part did n't work . So , to use it I had to set it in the doorway of kitties litter room in order to reach the outlet . Obviously that would n't work , but it did n't matter because ... 4 . The product did n't even work . I used the recommended litter and still it would n't work . It ran continuously and jammed repeatedly . No way was kitty going in there with a fork attachment coming at him.The only good thing I can say about this product is that I kept my receipt and returned it for a full refund . I 'll just continue scooping litter the old fashion way .
 I sent the product back . I received the product and it did not work right out of the box . I called customer service and they had me try some strange process to `` reset '' the device . After repeated attempts , I gave up and sent it back . Additionally , the product is cheap plastic and not sturdy at all .
 I bought the Littermaid about 5 years ago and it lasted about 3 years which is pretty good.The Good : The cat liked it.It kept the dog out of the kitty roca.No more scooping by hand.Lasted over 3 years without major problems.The Bad : It was pretty smelly-as smelly as a normal litter box.The trap door did not close all the way so it let odor out.The cartridges filled up quickly -LRB- my cat was a relatively light user -RRB- even with unused litter.It was loud-kind of embarrassing to explain to guest what that noise was in the next room.The rake got gunked up.All in all I was happy with it but I had never tried any other automated litter box before . After it died , I switched to a normal litter box but I have now purchased a `` Scoop Free Automatic Litter Box '' . I think the Scoop Free is already proving to be very superior to the Littermaid . I 've only had it a couple of days so I wo n't review it yet but I can already say that it is MUCH quieter and has no smell so far . Before using the Scoop Free I would have rated the Littermaid with 4 stars but now I 'm only giving it 2 stars . I plan on purchasing the Forever tray or Permatray for my Scoop Free once I determine that it is as great as it seems .
 Despite seeing numerous bad reviews , I was suckered into buying one . It worked well for about a week and a half . Over the next week it started `` missing '' , not triggering after the cats had used it , then it just stopped completely . Littermaid was n't interested in replacing it . DO N'T BUY ONE . wait until there 's a better alternative on the market .
 I bought the littermaid in the belief that it would save time and effort dealing with the less pleasant aspects of having a cat . Nothing could be further from the truth .1 -RRB- The machine itself is incredibly noisy .2 -RRB- Cat waste often gets stuck to the rake .3 -RRB- The lid of the waste recepticle falls from its holder and then the waste is occasionally dumped on top of the lid causing a huge mess .4 -RRB- The rake does not pick up ALL of the waste no matter what grade of litter you use .5 -RRB- The machine itself is tempramental and quite often will run backwards and forwards -LRB- great if you 're trying to sleep -RRB- if it scoops the litter into a corner and ca n't get past it.Save yourself money and just get a decent normal litter tray . It 's less hassle , less cleaning and less messy .
 I bought this product for $ 66 at Meijers . The cats loved it and so did I , for the first 6 hours . The kitty poo poo stuck to the rake , caused a jam and the entire rotating arm broke in a matter of hours . I was so bummed . It would have made life so much easier . Numerous reviews stated that the poos need to dry before they get raked . This is true ! C'mon you engineers . This is the only product I would advocate animal testing on . Great idea but a real mess to clean up . It is getting returned tomorrow . : -LRB-
 I did not like my littermaid at all - I ended up throwing mine in the grabage because I was so disgusted with it . It was actually more work for me to keep this clean then to keep a regular litter box clean . I also found that the motor on this was not strong enough and kept getting stuck - which basically defeats the whole purpose.Think twice before you buy .
 I was so excited to finally buy the Litter Maid LM700 . I set it up , read the instructions , and said GOODBYE to my old litter box . The next morning when I checked on the Litter Maid it had already stopped working and was in a `` stuck '' position . Cat byproduct had n't sufficiently balled up and was sticking to bottom of pan as well as the rake . I cleaned up the product and reset the box . This continued for four days . I thought maybe I put to much litter , so I dumped some out and reset . No luck . On the sixth day , I checked the box and the rake was laying in the middle of the box on its side in the litter . I have no idea how it jumped off the track ! Then in the litter I found two different parts that have totally snapped off the rake . Very disappointing and more work than old litterbox . Did as instructions told me to and called Customer Service . They advised me to take the used product back into store for exchange or refund . After reading all the reviews I have decided to take a refund and wait for a better product to be made !
 One star is to many for this product.I could n't wait to get one of these . I had one indoor only cat when I finally got one.This is more work than a regular litter box . Litter gets stuck in the grate , to the bottom of the box , ect . -LRB- and I did use `` premium litter '' -RRB- . I would line the box that the litter scooped in with plastic bags to try to make it easier to dump . That did n't work . No matter what I tried it usually threw some dirty litter in my face!Half the time it would just scoop over the litter and do no more than just break it up or stick in the grate . The other half it would n't get the dirty litter at all it would just rack over it.It some how managed to get a lot of litter -LRB- dirty and clean -RRB- in the floor.It is very bulky to try to handle and clean . After I would clean it best I could -LRB- I use bleach cleaner and alcohol -RRB- it would still stink to high heaven!After about 2 months , it just up and quit!I went back to a normal litter box . I also got another cat and the regular litter box smells much better and is much easier to clean with two cats than the Litter Maid was with one .
 Not worth even incidental consideration . I 've had two , and they both conked out after two months use . I consider them a complete waste of my hard-earned money . Do n't do like I did ... heed the reviews . Seek quality elsewhere ... you wo n't find it here .
 What a mess . Litter just gets everywhere ... it gets stuck in the back , up on the sides and falls underneath the entire unit in various places . You need to run it frequently and it does n't always get all the clumps . The containers for the clumps are flimsy at best.I would n't recommend this unless you want to sit by it all the time moving debris away from the back and sides .
 I do n't have this product myself but had the unfortunate encounter with it when I watched the house for my friends while they were out of town . They have two litter boxes and they were both equally awful . In the short time of 10 days , these are what I observed . If the cat urinates in the corner of the box , the `` rake '' completely misses it . Even if the cats urinated or defacted in the center the rake would still miss it if it 's at the bottom of the box . The rake can only pick up wastes from the top half of the litter box . You also ca n't load the box with too much litter because if the rake ca n't easily move through the box , it will move back to the other direction . In some cases , the rake gets stuck in a loop when it ca n't go forward or backward . And most of the time , the cat 's waste gets stuck to the rake and nothing is dropped into the waste deposit area . Overall , a very bad design . It 's almost better to own a traditional cat litter box . Or try the Robot Litter . More expensive , but totally worth it .
 I might be reviewing an older product . But it looks just like the three I used to have .1 . The box does n't scrape the bottom of the pan like a handheld scooper . So , the bottom will get covered with a sticky mush that basically stays there forever . And as the mush makes it 's way to the the poop container , eventually the rake will get stuck and no longer push the poop into the bin .2 . The poop bin is difficult to change , and you have to wear gloves unless you want to touch you-know-what .3 . The pan is extremely difficult to clean . They say it 's removable , so this may be a newer model . But I know on mine , the tray was part of the unit , and you 'd have to carry the whole dirty thing somewhere to clean it . And you would n't want to use water because of its electrical components .4 . The bins are expensive and fragile . So , if you plan on re-using the bins -LRB- like I did -RRB- , they will crack with repeated removal , because they are n't ideally designed to be removed and replaced .
 You 'll spend $ 170 for this unit and after about a year it will be so run down that you 'll have to buy another one . I 've been through three of these in the past three years , and I 'm getting really tired of having to replace them . The unit starts off fairly strong , but within a few months the motor does n't seem to be as strong and the rake is getting jammed as it ca n't make its way through the litter to scoop it into the container . Also , if I put too much litter into the box -LRB- ie . up to the line printed on the side of the machine -RRB- it guarantees that the machine will get jammed . It 's a great idea , but they need to put a stronger motor in .
 when i got it i loved it for about 3 days . then it began clogging up and getting disgustingly dirty . NO ONE i 've ever met , and i do animal rescue work , has ever kept this and used it . want to get one that really works ? go to http://litter-robot.com/ and check out the message board at http://www.litterbox-central.com this was a great resource for me . i was obsessed with fining a solution to the litterbox oder and time it took . litter robot has been a great product for me ... for now nearly a year and on the litterbox central forum you can see testimonials from other users who are happy for longer . 3 weeks for this crummy littermaid or a 18mth warrenty and many happy users with the LITTER-ROBOT
 This product is an incredible waste of money , at least for a single-cat household . The construction is shoddy , the components are cheap , and the design of the litter receptacle clips can cause a full one to snap suddenly out of place while removing it , which can create a much bigger mess than the scoop ever did . I 'll try lining the receptacles with plastic bags as one reviewer suggested ... Also , I had to scrape litter-and-urine cement off the bottom of the old box , with the Littermaid I get to scrape it off the rake as well . Yaaay . And you 'd better wear goggles if that rake ever gets stuck with the motor grinding away ... I do n't know what kind of toxoplasmosis you can get when it flings a chunk of cat litter in your eye , but I 'll know soon .
 I like everyone else HATE cleaning cat box I thought a littermaid would solve all my problems . I purchased one brought it home and fell in love with it . Untill 2 months later the motor burned out . I returned it to the store and exchanged it brought the new one home and two hours later this motor burned out . I am in the process of dealing with customer support . They said they would send us a new one ... well see how long the new one lasts . I think this is a poorely made product and I am starting to regret my 199.00 dollar purchase .
 It 's noisy . littermaid should use a quieter motor . Worked well for 6 months and the motor stopped working . It 's also hard to clean .
 I have three issues that I would report about this product :1 -RRB- With multiple cats , the receptacles can fill pretty quickly . This means that you do have to check in on the system frequently , and sometimes can run into not-so-pleasant ` overflow ' situations . Yuck . I had hoped that this would be a good way to spend a 3-day weekend without worrying about litter issues , but it does n't work for me with 2 cats .2 -RRB- Receptacles do n't fit . The receptacles used to work pretty nicely to seal off the odor and such . The company has now switched to receptacle lids that just do n't fit into the device that I own . They do n't sell replacement receptacles that fit the model I bought last year -LRB- only one type on their site or in the marketplace -RRB- , and now have to manually * tape * the receptacle to the lid of the device . Ever put tape , kitty litter , and kitty waste in the same general area ? Not ideal . This is my biggest complaint .3 -RRB- No service . I have complained about issue # 2 several times to the manufacturer and received NO RESPONSE . No apology , no solution recommendations , no way to buy the old receptacles that actually fit.I do give 2 stars because in all fairness , it used to work okay when the lids fit . Not a perfect product , but it does give the cats a nice clean box consistently when everything actually works -LRB- something to think about when they are sitting and standing in your lap all the time -RRB- . Spudguy
 Bought this four months ago and really really wanted it to work out . I 'd heard of other littermaids dying after several months and I crossed my fingers that this would n't happen to mine because the convenience of this contraption is hard to pass up . Unfortunately , it appears that my littermaid is officially dead and I 'm annoyed that I 'll have to return it and wait X months for a replacement . I loved it while it worked -LRB- though it did involve some scraping and cleaning here and there -RRB- , but now that it wo n't turn on , its just an overpriced piece of plastic .
 Great idea , horrible execution . Disgusting to clean , rake gets clogged . There are much better options . Litter Robot is well worth the extra cost .
 This product works good , except for the obnoxious fact that my cat 's feces frequently gets caught in the rake because it only sits there for 10 mins , which as other users have stated is not long enough to allow the litter to clump . In the end , I 've found it to be more of a a big pain in the neck to be removing cat droppings from the rank then to just scoop it out by hand.Those of you that like the automatic feature though , check out the Litter Robot as an alternative . I have n't used it yet , but it looks to be a far superior product , although it is more expensive .
 Yes , it 's true . I ordered not one -LRB- returned because it arrived broken -RRB- , but two -LRB- it arrived broken -RRB- and three -LRB- sic -RRB- . The two tiny arms are pathetic - just waiting to be snapped . If someone ever did get this product right - well , they would have to have at least 2.3 % of a cat 's IQ .
 I tried one of these for a few months . It never worked as good as I 'd hope . It had trouble scooping up urine even when using the best brand of clumping litter . Plus , after about six months , the motor broke . Save your money .
 I HATE IT !!! It 's actually worse than a regular litter box . I use the clumping litter that they recommend , and it clumps all right , and then sticks to the scrapping tines . Also , the scrapping tines are a good 1/2 inch above the bottom of the box , so there are always clumps and lumps left in the box . It cost a lot of money , and I 'm throwing mine out with the garbage .
 The littermaid LM900 does an ok job of scooping the litter however the product is not terribly well made , the motor is rather weak , and the metal rake sometimes get stuck.You can expect to have to replace it every year or two . I 'm on my third one , and although my expectations of any product are that it should hold up far better than this , I am willing to accept the trade-off of high priced/low value versus bending over and scooping cat litter . Perhaps the manufacturer is betting on just that . New and improved does not always mean better . The prior model with a longer plastic rake actually worked much better and lasted longer . It is almost as if the manufacturer purposely lowered the quality standard of the product . Other similar products do not seem any better . It would be nice to see someone take this concept into a great product and give these guys some competition .
 I thought the LitterMaid was great when I first got it , but one of my cats was so scared of the noise it made , that he refused to use it , and I had to buy a second litter box . So I was scooping litter anyway.The next thing that disappointed me was that either I had to line the plastic containers that hold the litter with plastic grocery bags , so I could keep reusing them . Otherwise , I would have constantly had to buy new containers . As I would pull out the plastic containers from the litter box , usually litter would fly up and I would have to turn my head so it did n't go in my eyes.My cats would kick the litter over the sides all over the floor . I would have to vacuum it up often.Also , I had to be really careful to fill the box to just the right level . If not , the rake would get stuck and keep working over and over again for half an hour at a time . Which means I would have to run over and rake the litter around until it decided it could return to the edge of the litter pan again and rest.If I put in too little litter , the cat urine clumps would stick to the bottom of the litter pan . It 's not an easy litter pan to clean.After six months , the motor just stopped . I ended up scooping waste out of it just like it was a $ 5 plastic litter box from the dollar store.Don ' t waste your money . It may seem like a good idea , but it does n't work well enough and long enough to invest time and money into it .
 I have spent more money on litter boxes than clothes . I have had three Littermaid litter boxes and they all ceased working correctly within a few months . One of them never worked right from day one . I had to manually turn it on after the cats used them . They are difficult to clean and the motors are not adequate for the job they are supposed to do . I recently spent more money on a Scoop Free automatic litter box and so far it has been terrific !
 I like it-but it does freak out the cat . That 's ok because my cat is neurotic anyway . The ramp does n't help much as the cat leaps over it leaving cat litter everywhere . Why does n't someone invent cat litter that does n't track !!!! Update ... bloody thing broke after 3 months !
 This is my second LItterMaid box I bought one abut 3 years ago that lasted for a little over 90 days , died shortly after the warranty . We have 3 cats and it was just a standard model so even though upset with the short life I decided that we did over work the thing and moved on.Decided to try one again and the LM900 Mega was larger and rated for multiple cats . I bought this a few weeks ago but it took a while to actually get it out and set it up , the setup was easy just did n't want to mess with the old litter box -LRB- a packing tote -RRB- . We keep our litter box in the bath tub of the spare bathroom so initially I used battery power they gave out in about 6 days . I strung an extension cord to the bathroom and plugged in the LM Mega and it worked fine for a couple days I got home last night and it would n't stop raking . I spent much of the night reading post how to correct the issue tried the recommended fixes and they did n't help . I got closer to the litter and the box then I had to when I scooped.When it was working it was very nice to just have to empty the holding tray but now it 's making me crazy . I should have taken the advise of many posters and not purchased this product but I was hopeful that getting the mega would make a difference .
 I bought this litter box 7 months ago and it quit working this morning . For $ 100 + bucks it should last longer 7 months !!! Before it broke , it always seemed to leak a lot of litter out of the bottom and it did n't have enough power to clean urine spots . It would get stuck and you would have to clean it manually anyway . It 's kinda loud and feces stick to the plastic prongs after it 's done cleaning and continue to stink until you unattach it and wash it . It 's gross . All that aside Im most ticked off that it broke -LRB- not sure if the motor gave out or what -RRB- after only 7 months . Talk about a rip off !
 The plastic rake is spaced in a way that it wo n't work with my , and my cat 's , favorite litter . Yes it 's a clumping litter . Also the tongs on the rake are very wide . This litterbox scoops a lot of clean litter into the bin -LRB- even with the smallest clumping litter I could find -RRB- . It wastes a LOT of litter , pretty much just indiscriminately scooping everything in it 's path into the bin ... more of a shovel , than a rake IMO . In order to not waste more litter than is used , I would have to dump out the bin and scoop that in order to save the wasted clean litter ... . far more of a hassle than useful.I would not repurchase this item , nor would I recommend it to a friend ... . an enemy ... . maybe .
 Works just fine but no longer in use . It Crapped out after about six months .
 This litter box stopped working just shy of a month after I received it . The rake got stuck over the waste receptacle and would not return . I returned and they are out of stock , so I am now looking for a replacement , but not sure I want another Littermaid . I bought this based on previous reviews , so maybe I just got a lemon .
 They call this a self cleaning litter box ? Maybe its because you have to clean it yourself !! The forks constantly get caked up with wet litter , the motor screams like its moving cement , and the box needs constant cleaning . This leads to more time maintaining the box and arguments with my wife . Spend the money on a good dinner and scoop the poop manually .
 The product is defective in that at the end of a cleaning cycle the collection container cover will not close .
 20 + lb . tabby . His regular pan-type boxes from the supermarket are larger than the litter area of the LM900 -LRB- 14 '' x 16 '' x 8 '' -RRB- . He used it once and never went back ... just does n't fit . And cleaning the teeth of the cleaning the rake is a pain .
 The quality control on this item is awful . The first one I received did not work . There was some sort of electrical problem . I returned it and Amazon immediately sent a replacement and that one was missing the AC Adapter . When I called about it , I learned that they would have to send me an entire new product and I would have to pay for it until they received the returned item -LRB- which is very large and cumbersome and hard to send -RRB- . So I kept the one without the adapter since I had an old adapter to use . My complaint is not with Amazon , but rather with Littermaid . It has very poor quality control .
 I bought this from PetCo and it lasted about 2 weeks . First two weeks it worked pretty well , and then some flimsy plastic piece broke and it would no longer run on the tracks . Even when it was working , you 'd still have to go down every day and make sure it was n't caught . The comb that goes through is n't long enough , so sometimes it would pass right over larger clumps . Still nicer than cleaning it by hand though , and being able to dump it right into that little plastic container helped the smell a LOT . Filling it fuller than the line suggests helped a little . Unfortunately , I could n't find my receipt , so neither PetCo nor LitterMaid would help me when it broke .
 Several problems put this litter box in the trash bin : - Kitties never got used to it . They ran like hell whenever they heard the thing start to turn on . - Large clumps stuck to the bottom , stuck to the rake , stuck everywhere but inside the receptacle . - Kitties started leaving protest communications at the front door for me to clean up . - Tried unplugging the thing just to get something for the money but the sticking made it more time consuming to clean than the cheap plain kind of box . - Life returned to normal when the litter box went into the trash bin -LRB- although this required trip to the special dump for equipment and cost extra to dispose of -RRB- .
 Littermaids are more trouble than they 're worth . The rake gets clogged , which causes it to get stuck because it ca n't rake through the litter to dump the waste into the recepticle . I had to manually scoop the tray every other day because the rake did not dislodge them , which caused it to hang during it 's scooping cycle , and it jammed often . The recepticles are expensive and they smell unless you change them every day , which is a hassle and yucky task because they are not easy to remove . The unit is difficult to clean , and you can not submerge it in water . The rake gets caked with feces , which causes it to smell , and you can not detach it from the unit to clean it . I had to use a scrub brush to scrape the dried feces from the rake . The unit is bulky and requires a lot of space , which is a challenge in an apartment . It 's also noisy . I 've owned 2 of these things . The first one shorted out 6 months after I bought it , but the manufacturer would not replace or repair it . I purchased another one , and it did not short out . I would not recommend this product to anyone . I recommend the Omega self-cleaning , rolling litter boxes . They are inexpensive , easy to clean , and they do n't take up a lot space . If you are planning to go out of town , spend the extra money you 'd spend on a Littermaid on a pet sitter , who will scoop the litter box for you .
 Received item , did not work properly . Called LitterMaid and they told me to return to seller . For the benefit of the doubt I had them send me another one . Dealing with Amazon was very helpful and they were nice to me . I received the replacement , and it would not shut off . . back it went for a full refund . I have owned a Littermaid in the past and it worked OK so I thought I would try again ... BAD EXPERIENCE .
 If you 've got enough money just hope to get 4 or 5 months , on average , out of each one and then buy a new one.I do n't have time to try to call their help line again and not even reach someone . All the technicians would do , I 'm sure , is just read off a faq of things to try when the thing starts to run continuously . It would be cheaper for the company to post that faq on the web , which they do n't seem to do because , well these are clearly not quality people behind this company.Waiting for someone smarter to put them out of business . Then these guys can move on to their next con .
 This is not a solution but an expensive messy alternative to a cheap messy litter box . All cats , esp . older ones , have days when their poop is messy and the rake on this machine gets covered with the stuff . Cleaning the rake is worse than dumping any every day litter box . If the box itself needs to be cleaned , it is heavy and hard to handle . If a cat has bad aim , there are no sides -LRB- as in covered litter boxes -RRB- to keep it from scattering , spraying or missing the box . The custom litter and liners are much more expensive and have to be bought from only certain dealers . Also , if a cat has problems -LRB- as in older cats -RRB- with their urine being strong smelling , it does nothing to help that situation as only clumps are scooped into the bag . Nothing about cleaning cat litter is fun but cleaning a covered type litter box regularly is a easier , less expensive and less steps than this device . I see it as a gadget for gadget people not a solution for the cat litter disposal issue .
 I have both the large & small models . The small one works better than the large . Neither work well and it is almost easier to go back to a manual box . Their lack of performance have caused me to look again for another self cleaning litter box . The two are messy and mut be emptied every 2 days . The larger one does not even get its `` load '' into the tray . Do not buy either one !
 And I was stupid enough to buy TWO of them . Tried to email company & that was next to impossible.I bought one Mega and two Elites . I would just as soon frisbee the two Elites down the street , they were so ridiculously hard to assemble . And who on earth ever heard of requiring ASSEMBLY for a freakin a cat box ??? The Mega popped right out of the box and was ready for operation immediately . The ELITES , however , required ASSEMBLY . I spent 45 minutes tonight , a Saturday night , assembling these # & @ & @ ## $ ~ ! ~ things . UNCALLED for . And WAY too expensive for the TIME and TROUBLE they have cost . Would that I 'd just bought three MEGAS .
 We had a Litter Maid cat box several years ago and we loved it . They have `` improved '' their product and ruined it in my opinion . The rake gets clogged and litter sticks all over the place and in the tracks no matter what level of litter you use . We tried every type of litter available , including the ridiculously expensive litter that Litter Maid sells . We spent more time cleaning this worthless litter box than we would have in scooping out regular litter . We contacted the manufacturer , but they wo n't stand behind their product and we could not return it to the store because we did not have the original box , although we did have the receipt . After a couple of months we threw it out in the garbage . I wo n't waste my money on any other product Liter Maid sells . Save yourself this frustration and find another brand . I would not have given this item even one star , but one star is the lowest rating .
 My cats kept playing with the scoop as it was scooping and the safety mechanism stopped it from cleaning . After this happened a few times the box became too clogged to clean and eventually the mechanism broke .
 At first this automated litter box seemed to be the real deal . First impressions can be disceiving . If you have a larger cat , say 10 lbs or more , then this machine has a laborsome time getting the job done . The rake sticks and seldom cleans it 's self much less the box and I have tried every brand of premium litter on the market with the same results . It was not worth the $ 100 plus price tag . It may work fine for small cats , but it you have a large cat , forget it , you 'll have more cleaning to do than with a conventional litter box .
 This product is a piece of garbage . i had one for many years and it worked until a little while ago . thinking it was because it was old , i decided to replace it with another . the problem with the previous one was the motor was n't strong enough to scoop things . it did n't have problems before so , thats why i replaced it . i 've had this product for about two weeks and again its having that same problem . it wo n't scoop even the smallest things . now , for the last 45 minutes it has been going back and forth , for some unknown reason unable to return to its resting station . i have tried to clean it out , i 've tried forcefully to move it back to its resting position . nothing . this is a piece of crap and should be avoided at all costs !!!
 My first LM900 was sturdy and reliable . I had it for nine years and never experienced any mechanincal problems . When it finally broke I immediately ordered another one without hesitation . Unfortunately , when I took it out of the box I could tell the product was poorly made . Everything from the litter box to the scoop appeared to be cheap . When I plugged it in the rake went back and forth constantly . This continued to be a problem so I sent it back and got a refund .
 I found out about these litterboxes by going into a pet store for cat supplies when I adopted my cat back in 2005 . I liked the idea that I no longer would have to worry about having to scoop out cat waste or have a strong cat waste smell in my home . I bought the LM920 which I found to have a quiet and decent motor . Unfortunately , it only lasted about three years . Then I bought the LM900 as the LM920 was no longer made even though it is superior to the LM900 and quieter . The first LM900 I bought lasted about a year and half , and I found the motor noisy and not very sturdy . The second LM900 lasted about a year . I bought the third LM900 and it only lasted two days before the rake stopped in the dumping into the receptacle mode and would n't move anymore . I had to unscrew the rake so I could empty the receptacle which was full of lovely cat waste , dump the current amount of cat litter and return it to Amazon so I could get a replacement . The replacement one broke also with the rake in the upright position so again , I had to unscrew the rake to get to the almost full receptacle to dump it out . Do n't bother buying the Littermaid LM900 model as it is obviously does n't last . I went and bought the latest version of the Littermaid which is a LME9000 and it is better with a timer so the rake does n't run during during a 9 hour duration but I still run into the rake getting stuck at various times and it also pushes unused litter into the receptacle . I go through way more litter now which is frustrating but it does seem to have a stronger motor .
 We used the deluxe model for less than a month before returning it for a full refund . We have 4 indoor cats - they all took to it without too much of a fuss . And yes , it did scoop out the used litter . The problem was that the rake became so gummed up with used/wet litter that it was virtually impossible to clean . I was spending more time washing off the rake & the box each DAY than I had been spending in scooping out litter boxes twice a day prior to purchase . It 's possible that the type of litter that we were using was not compatible with this product -LRB- although we were told that it was okay to use our existing brand -RRB- . It 's also possible that 4 indoor cats is too much for LitterMaid to handle , although once again we were told that it could handle that many cats . Bottom line is that it was an absolute mess most of the time and took us HOURS to clean up all of the parts before we could ship it back for a full refund . I would suggest that you make sure you can return the product for a full refund if need be and also check to see which type of litter they recommend if you plan on purchasing this product .
 When I bought my first LitterMaid box , I thought it was a miracle -- no more scooping ! Hooray ! It worked so well for my four cats that a few months later , I bought a second one . Unfortunately , the second box quit working after just a couple of weeks -LRB- and I 'd thrown the receipt away , so I could n't get my money back -RRB- . Soon after that , the original box quit working , too . So , within about 6 months , I spent close to $ 200 on electric boxes that no longer functioned.After researching better and more reliable options , I 've settled on the Omega Paw box that you roll to clean . I now have three of them -- no electric parts to break , and , actually , less mess than the LitterMaid .
 I want to like this device , I really do . When it works , it 's a dream come true for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who hate to clean litter boxes . Within my experience , however , `` when it works '' is a serious issue . All three of the LitterMaid boxes I 've owned -LRB- one regular , two Mega -RRB- have broken down beyond any hope of field repair within a couple of months after the warranty expired . Customer service is next to useless for any significant problem ; expect a lecture on selecting the proper litter no matter what you 're calling about . Also , nobody I 've talked to had any idea of how to order parts beyond a replacement comb . The bottom line is that these things are just too expensive to factory-repair or replace every 12-14 months , and I 'm not going to do so a third time . If they extend the warranty to three years or so , I 'll reconsider .
 First off , great idea , poor execution . These things have been around for over ten years now , ca n't they get it right ? This is my second LitterMaid but the first one i purchased over 6 six years ago worked better . The law of diminishing returns in full effect.Pros :1 . I do n't have to scoop most -LRB- that 's most -RRB- of the waste out of the litter box .2 . My house does n't have that `` I 'm old and I live alone with my cats '' smell any longer.Cons :1 . The rake starts up approximately 10 minutes after the electric eye is activated by the cat . That 's too short a time window to allow the litter to clump , so the rake ends up dragging a paste of liquid waste across the entire litter surface . As a result I have to bust out the old scooper and remove small clumps that the rake left in it 's wake . I think the timer should have been doubled to allow for proper clumping .2 . The plastic waste recepticle snaps into place so taking it out sometimes causes errant spills and flying waste particles ! 3 . Um , 20 bucks for 12 waste recepticles seems like ... it rhymes with rake , to me.This product has the potential to save many hours of being hunched over the litter box scooping poop into a plastic bag , but sadly , the engineers at LitterMaid have almost proven why they do n't work at JPL . I give two generous stars .
 I 'm really sorry , I tried to give this LitterMaid LM900 a chance , but after having it in our home for about two months now , I really feel that I wasted my money . We have two cats who use the LitterMaid and I am constantly having to monitor this box . I work full-time and do not have time to deal with this . In my opinion , it 's worse than a regular cat box with scoopable litter.Unless you have neat and tidy cats who are also dainty and do n't fling cat litter , then you might be ok , but my two cats like to kick the sand around a bit and it gets all over and under the LitterMaid . I even set up the tent and now it 's even more difficult to clean the machine , especially the rakes . One of our two cats `` goes '' in the same spot each time and the litter clumps up in the rakes ; I am constantly having to scrape the rakes with the scooper provided because the litter turns to clay on the rakes -LRB- I am using the recommended litter -RRB- , which means I have to unzip the tent to `` unclog '' the rakes every ... single ... time.The plastic collection box needs to be emptied every day , which is n't the problem . The fact that it 's a pain in the neck to remove from the LitterMaid is the problem.I 'm sorry to say , we 're going back to the regular cat box with scoopable litter .
 Nobody enjoys the revolting task of scooping the litter box . The promise of a product that will free us from this disgusting chore is very , very tempting . But the LitterMaid is not the solution.I 've owned two . They clog . The rake gets stuck . The cord gets covered in waste . They 're hard to clean . They dump dirty litter on your floor . The waste receptacles are proprietary and -LRB- relatively -RRB- expensive.Spend the extra money and buy a Litter Robot . Google it if you need to know where . It 's three times the price , but it 's worth every penny to get an automatic litterbox that actually works .
 I bought this litter box on the advice of family and as soon as my cat first used it I knew it was going to be a hassle , the litter sticks to the comb and it is a hassle to clean them I had to use Qtips to get them clean ... and then a year after purchasing it the combs stopped working ... I called litter maid and they said it was n't covered because my year warranty had expired a month earlier my husband who has a electronic and engineering degree tried to fix it but some of the parts would have been to expensive to buy so we ended up having to throw it away . Save Your Money and Buy Throw Away Litter and a $ 2.00 Litter Tray !
 The rake is aweful . It does not remove as the instructions state and cat feces gets caught in it . I have bought plastic gloves to try to clean the rake to no avail . Save your money-I have only had mine for 3 weeks and I wish i had never bought it !
 I certainly wish I had a good review to report but I have had 3 Litter Maids in less that 3 years . I loved the way it scooped and the cats liked it also . Now the problem . 2 of them I purchased -LRB- very expensive -RRB- after about 4months the wire that winds the scooper back in gets tangles around the teeth . Of course that stretches the wire so now it want wind back in . So everytime it scoops the wire tangels around it again . THEN IT BREAKS ! Thats it No morelitter box . I calledustomer service numerour times and never once have I talked to anyone . After the second oneI swore I would never again have a Litter Maid again . The cats were miserable and so was I . A friend bought onebecause I recommened the first one and her cat died so she offered me hers . Again , after 9 month yep guess what happened . The wire got caught in the teeth of the scooper and SNAP.I am beside myself . I call customer Service put on hold for the next representative and I am still on hold . I do n't know what to tell everybody except I have had a very bad experience with them .
 I found the motor extermely lacking in power , unable to move the rake through the sand even when at lower levels . One of my two cats likes to go in one of the rake corners and it makes a clump around the rake and ca n't move through the sand . The waste containers are too small and have to be emptied everyday because they get loaded on one side while the other side is empty . Sorry if that sounds fussy , but I was hoping to get away from the `` every-dayness '' of the chore . Mine went out in the trash after three months of trying to make it work for us .
 It 's 4:30 am and I pulled the plugout forever . Read on.I 've had this model for about a year . It 's great in theory but in practice it falls a bit short . Maybe it 's just my cat , but it has become too annoying to keep.Problems : Noisy - do n't have it anywhere in the open . When the motor strains it can wake almost anybody making multiple passes . Since my cat builds sand castles for fun -LRB- mainly because the actual litter level needs to be too low for the machine to work -RRB- , it can take 5 or six passes to level it out.Wimpy - Maybe the 1/2 hp chain drive from my garage door would be too much but this one ca n't handle the load of one cat 10 % of the time . After 5 - 10 minutes of strained passes it gives up . -LRB- I hope you have n't left town for a couple of days -RRB- . Popping out of alignment - This was the final straw . After about 10 months , the gear on the side would occaisionally slip a tooth and the bar goes out of alignment . When this occurs , the comb is n't straight and the comb teeth catch on the edge by the disposal tray and a very loud pop ensues . This is why the plug was finally pulled . That `` pop '' now wakes me up immediately and I know that I will have to listen to this racket of groans and pops for the next 5 to 10 minutes until it finally gives up or I give up and run downstairs to fix it.If you have a closed or semi closed location and a dainty cat that does n't make mountains out of mole hills , this might work for you . If not , save your money and your sleep .
 This thing is , no pun intended , a total piece of crap . I wish I 'd read some online reviews before I wasted my money on this thing . If you 're considering purchasing this , please read these reviews ! Every negative thing you read , I 've had the same problem
 Had the original littermaid box for 2 years.After it broke , I had the bright idea to get 1 for each of my 5 cats . I spent over $ 1000 on them . Only one still works.I have replaced each of the 4 others 3 times each . They only last for approximately 1 month , then the rake stops in the ` dump ' position . The company is not good about replacing them . So now I have conventional boxes . Too bad ! When the Littermaid works it is very helpful ... but the company has obviously skimped on production and is now selling a very lousy product . Do n't waste your money or time . Look for another company to make a much more reliable product . I am !
 I 'm giving this product 2 stars because it was a great idea for a self-cleaning litter box , but they just ca n't get the manufacturing to work . Here is my experience ... I bought my first litter box and one month after the warranty expired , it stopped - just quit working . I spent endless time with the customer service department , who did n't seem to know anything about their product but just kept trying to sell me another one.Finally I broke down and purchased another one in June through a department store . This one somehow got jammed every time the rake got to the end of the litter box and THREW the poo out on the floor . I had to just sit there and laugh.Took that one back and exchanged for my THIRD one . This one quit working 31/2 months after I got it . Some how the rake got all off track and jammed up . The department store has only a 90-day return policy and wo n't take back the Littermaid.So , after a year and a half , I went through 3 Littermaids , spent $ 300.00 , and basically still scooped the litter box every week just like a $ 3.00 one . It 's not long enough for my one cat , who tends to potty on the top of the rake , it is EXTREAMLY cumbersome to clean , and it does n't seem to spread the litter back evenly which will make the rake go back and forth endlessly until you manually spread it back - no matter how little litter you use.Until they can master the manufacturing , and the fact that they will not stand behind their product to give a refund ... SAVE YOUR MONEY , THIS PRODUCT IS JUST NOT WORTH IT !!!
 I had this for a few years and it worked okay but it would get stuck in the rake . My biggest problem with this product is Littermaid does not offer repair parts after the first year once your warranty is up . I find this unacceptable and they are just money grabbing up front on a cheaply built product and expect you to buy a new one after it breaks . Are people so uneducated that they will continue to support this company with their hard earned money !!! DO N'T DO IT !!!
 We 've owned the LitterMaid LM580 for a month before it broke . After doing a little searching on the net it seems that they break so much that some guy sells a repair manual that he wrote himself.I 'm handy with tools so I took it apart and found a short in the wiring . The thing is just a bunch of plastic with a little motor and a few sensors . It 's not worth the $ 100 plus price tag . What your paying for is the conveniences . I would say $ 40 would be a more reasonable price . The litter trays only lasted 2-3 days with one cat , and they seem kinda pricey if you have to be replacing them constantly.I gave it 2 stars because it broke after a month although the idea of a self cleaning litter box get 5 stars.We do like it 's convenience but right now I 'm looking for a web site that sells repair parts because I 'm sure I 'll be taking it apart again .
 Even with using the specified litter the forks do not extend to the bottom to scoop entirely . Forks become caked with ... well you know . When you pull out the pan/tray for disposal litter `` debris '' pops up in your face .
 I purchased the LitterMaid LM 9000 Mega Self Cleaning Litter Box in May 2010 and already the sensor quit working . That was an awful expense for 8 month use . Now I have to clean it manually
 I bought this version because the original version was no longer available . My original box worked great for 6 years until the cable broke -LRB- and I was unable or unwilling to fix it -RRB- . This new `` improved '' version is flimsy , it scoops twice as much litter into the tray as the previous model so you end up buying twice as much litter , the scoop is as likely to spill litter off the sides as it is to get it into the tray , no matter how I tried to snug the tray under the lip of the box -LRB- as directed -RRB- there would still be a pile of litter that had fallen between the box and the tray , and the interior of the box is smaller than the original - not great for a large cat . And why on Earth does a cat need a digital clock ?! I have since unplugged the unit and now have a really expensive litter box that I clean the old fashion way every day -LRB- which was as often as I had to change it anyway due to the quantity of litter scooped up . -RRB- Unhappy ? You betcha !
 The first one died after about six months , so I bought another , hoping it was my fault somehow . The new one quit after a week and customer service is no longer available . I clipped the cord and sent the top of the battery in a padded envelope back to letter maid , as instructed . No new box , and you ca n't even get in touch with litter maid any more . Do not buy this product and warn your friends .
 What a piece of crap ! I thought maybe Applica got it 's act together and produced a better product than their other crappy boxes , but I guess not . We took it back in less than 2 weeks . Target said they get a lot of these returned .
 I would highly discourage anyone from buying this litter box . We have one cat in our household and have replaced this unit twice in the last 12 months . Not only is the litter box unreliable -LRB- gets jammed alot -RRB- , it stinks -LRB- the traditional little box smell is still there -RRB- , but the replacement containers are like $ 30 for 12 ... Thats alot of money for cheap plastic containers if you ask me . Spend a little more up front and save yourself the headache and maintainence costs . . Check out the Litter Robot . . we just bought one and it is awesome . . it uses regualr garbage bags for the litter , does not smell -LRB- has an enclosed area for the litter that seals the dirty litter in -RRB- , and there is no need to buy the $ 35 `` tent '' this unit requires to keep the cat from kicking litter out . Or you can waste monty on this unit and I will see your negative review in about 6 months when it breaks ... Cheers
 On my third unit . If your cat is like mine and decides to push all the litter to one section of the box on occasion after using it , then the rakes will not be able to push the waste into the receptacle , which are $ 16 for a pack of 15 . Then , you are suppose to fill the box with litter up to the red line , but if you do that , the rakes have trouble going over the litter . And now for the icing on the cake . On this latest unit , the hatch to the receptacle does n't close after some , not all the waste is deposited . So guess what , if I 'm out for the day , I come home to a stench because the lid has been open for hours . Three strikes , and now they are out !
 This product stopped working after one week of use and this is the 4th one that I have bought through different vendors and each one has worked properly for a very short period of time and then the motor dies . Do not buy this product please ... you will be disappointed .
 These litter boxes only last as long as the warrenty . After one year you will need to buy a new one . We now have 5 here that we have to clean the old fashioned way . With a scoop . They no longer do anything but hold litter . A total of around 800.00 for a litter box we still have to scoop , just like the 5.00 boxes . I e-mailed the company once with the question as to why they only last one year ? Never had a reply . I have talked to people and all they tell you to do is keep resetting them . Thats had to do when they do not even come on when plugged in . DO NOT BUY ANY OF THESE PRODUCTS . THEY DO NOT WORK MORE THAN ONE YEAR !!!!
 Bought this piece of junk . It actually made things harder not easier . created more of a smell and mess . tough to clean . it will make you put in more work and effort than a regular catbox . sometimes the sensor would lose function causing it to run non stop until you were forced to unplug it . noisy . We 've since gotten rid of it . wished we could have mailed it back to company unclean and all !!
 I really tried to use this product and found I spent more time keeping it working than it would take just to scoop myself . It constantly got stuck mid-cycle and I would wake up in the middle of the night to this machine grinding noise . And speaking of noise , this thing is pretty loud.When working it did rack the litter , but there was still a lot of disgusting mess of dirty litter that got caught under the pieces.For under $ 25 I bought the Petmate Litter Locker and have what I think is the best solution in my quest for easy , clean and odor free kitty care.Despite the money I spent , I was more than happy when I finally trashed my `` self cleaning '' box .
 This is the third time -LRB- stupid me -RRB- that I purchased a LitterMaid . In the past , they would work for awhile but ultimately would develop a problem where they would not stop raking . This one did it out of the box . I had reviewed other products such at the Robotic litter box ... it seems very expensive , but given the problems I have had , the shipping returns , etc. . . I think I have been penny wise but pound foolish . I am returning this item , will spend the extra money to buy a quality and working product and be done with this .
 I wish I would have read all the reviews !!! I really LOVED the concept of the automatic waste removal ! However , I do not have an electrical outlet near the kitty box and had to use batteries . The required 8 AA batteries lasted maybe 24 hours . Even when operating on fresh batteries the machine had difficulty moving a small amount of waste . The motor wines sounding very weak and the rake seems to not have enough power to simply move through the sand at times . I travel and was looking forward to the kitty box working out and knowing they had fresh sand to use at all times . I was so disappointed it did n't work out and returned it three days later .
 Worked great when it worked . Stopped working after 1 month . Waste of $ 100 .
 I absolutely hate this litterbox . Every time I clean it I get cat litter flying into my face . I never imagined being that close clean it . It is messy and horrible . My cat loves being able to go potty and have the litterbox clean itself . She sits and watches it . I have the old litter box set up too so now am cleaning two . Do not recommend it at all .
 I just had a second of these boxes die on me , each lasting a little over a year . Electronics in this product are very poor quality - in both cases they just stopped working correctly , I can re-animate my last one by randomly pressing little switches inside but this is not an acceptable use for a $ 100 product.Great idea , bad implementation .
 I was really excited when my wife brought one of these home about 4 months ago . After eyeing it at the local store for well over year , I could n't wait to stop having to clean the cat box quite so much ... Little did I know that I would actually spend MORE time up to eyeballs in dirty cat litter trying to get this thing to work.We have a single 8-lbs cat named Wilma . We own the MEGA model of the littermaid . Should be good , right?Wrong . Dead wrong . It jammed for the first time about 5 days after we set it up.This thing is poorly designed . What you have to understand is that the rake mechanism that sweeps up the clumps of litter runs along a line of sprocket-like plastic ridges ... ridges that get jammed with litter every time it operates.Once the ridges get jammed -LRB- for us it 's about once a week -RRB- - the littermaid just stops working and you get to chisel out the dirty litter that clogged it with a screwdriver/tothpick/whatever . Oh boy is that fun.I assure you that cleaning these things is far more time intensive than cleaning a normal , plain-jane box.In closing , I do n't recommend this product at all . Save yourself a good chunk of money and avoid digging litter out from under your fingernails on a regular basis .
 My original LitterMaid lasted 9 years with little maintenance , only an occasional hosing out and some rake cleaning . It did a decent job with the only problems coming from occasionally putting too much litter in the box . The new model cost much more and the rake does n't even reach the bottom of the box . It skims the top of the litter and leaves most of the clumps , which have adhered to the box bottom and require manual scraping.Please can I buy the original model that had a much stronger motor and worked so reliably ? The cats played in it before it was used , had no qualms about using it afterward , and it moved a lot of poo ! The new one moves little more than aggravation .
 I do n't have very much to say , but wanted to offer another negative review of this product to hopefully steer someone away . We bought this just before a week long vacation hoping to both ease our weekly chores and to help our cats ' caretakers while we were gone . It worked great ... for a short time , and then before we knew it , it just stopped . And I mean stopped cold . I came home one night to find the rake poised above the little plastic bin , just stopped , doing nothing . I flipped the on and off switch and the rake jutted forward and back a quarter of and inch , and then no more . I got down and pushed it - very hard - with my hands and finally got it to move while flipping the switch , but again a bit later I found it stuck over the plastic bin . And this time it was clearly DONE . No amount of coaxing would get it to move . Luckily we still have a week left on our 30 day return with Amazon so it 's going back . I 'm upset because it seems like a great idea , but the product itself is far too touchy - we are certainly not alone in having a problem with it . We 'll go back to the old school , manual method , I suppose . This , clearly , is not the answer .
 We purchased our first Littermaid in 2000 . We loved it . After 10 years and 5 decreasingly satisfactory models , today we gave up . If Littermaid would just return to their original product , we 'd buy it again in a flash . As it is now , it 's easier to deal with an old-fashioned litterbox . Even messes on the floor are easier to deal with .
 I have gone through 2 of these in 5 years . NEVER again will I purchase a a Littermaid . This model died Monday after 2-1/2 years , but had been having problems with the rake running continuously until it finally cut off . The cord finally snapped on Monday . Not only the short lifespan considering the price , but I found myself spending nearly as much time cleaning the box as I did a regular old litter pan . No matter what litter brand I tried , it adhered like mud to the bottom of the pan , would stick to the rake , and eventually cause the machine to cut off.Just purchased an Omega Paws , which has very good reviews and am eagerly awaiting its arrival today so the Littermaid can get tossed.Good idea , very poor longterm performance .
 I used this rake style litter box for about three years . Honestly , I found this to be one of the more annoying products on the market . While I appreciated the immediate raking that it did do , I needed to keep a hospital pad underneath the pan because urine would leak between the pan and the waste receptacle . -LRB- Yes ... I installed the receptacle properly . -RRB- Yuk Yuk Yuk . I eventually used masking tape to minimize the urine leaking tendency , but then I needed to pull the masking tape off to empty the receptacle . Furthermore , litter crumbs tended to migrate often to the floor . I found myself sweeping , cleaning , mopping , bleaching ... all around this nasty little product . `` Why bother ? '' I stuck with it for three years because I paid too much money not to do so . I gave it two stars , because it did rake the litter which I appreciated since I have dogs that tend to be fond of eating cat poop and that just does n't sit well with me as a rule.I reached my end point . People raved about the Litter Robot product that I posted below . I bought it . The cat took immediately to it . What a fantastic product ! First and foremost , waste collects into a regular garbage bag one can purchase at the grocery store . The box uses regular clumping litter . the cat tracks minimal crumbs past the robot . $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ? Is it worth it ? This is an absolute yes . If you want a litter box that minimizes your cleaning regimen , spend the extra money and go for the robot listed below.Litter Robot LRII Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter Box -LRB- Black -RRB-
 I have owned 2 of these boxes . The first lasted for about 2 years when the motor died in it . The second one I had barely had for a year -LRB- one month out of warranty -RRB- and the little cable that communicates with the motor went out . When you spend this kind of money on a product you should get more than a few years out of it . I have 2 cats and have used the high quality clumping litter with it . When it did work , it worked fairly well other than the plastic rake tends to get very `` mucked '' up and is very hard to keep clean . You really need the privacy tent to keep all the kitty litter contained that your cats may throw out . They do n't like the rake and if it scares them they will face it when they cover their tracks kicking a lot of litter out of the box . I think I 'll try the Petmate Purrforma next !
 I bought my first Littermaid a long time ago and it worked well for almost ten years . When it finally broke I did n't have a second thought about buying a new one because it was so convenient to have . I bought the first replacement and it died within a month . I got a replacement for that and within a couple of months it stopped working automatically , meaning it wo n't shut off by itself . I am completely dissatisfied with this machine . I see it is made in China . I wonder if the company is now making its product cheaper . Something certainly has changed because it is no longer a useful piece of equipment . I would n't recommend it unless there is indication the company is taking more interest in quality control . Obviously its possible to make one of these machines that works because in the early days of the company they built one that lasted .
 `` A self-cleaning litter box ? How wonderful '' I thought . Until it quit working six weeks after I first plugged it in . My two cats adjusted to it well - but that is going to be my only positive comment ! First of all , it 's not tall enough . I had to put a barrier behind it to stop the cats from ` spraying ' the wall . And when the cats leave the box after using it , the litter would be piled so high to either side , the rake just could n't get through it properly , or would stop altogether . I spent more time leveling the litter than I ever would have if I just cleaned the whole box by hand . The teeth in the rake was impossible to keep clean - dirty litter would slowly build up on it until it could n't drag itself through the clean litter . When it did work properly , it would dump more used litter into one side of the box than the other , then the lid would n't close . Dumping the little tray of used litter was a pain , too . It would ` snap ' up and send pieces of dirty litter into your face . I was actually relieved when it broke , and with great satisfaction , I deposited the whole thing into the garbage can !
 I was so excited to get this product , but after a couple weeks use , I started having the same problems as other reviewers . The clumps would stick to the rake and the bottom of the pan , and would jam it so the rake would get too heavy and could n't lift it up high enough to dump it . I have two cats , and both of my cats have a tendency to use the same corner everytime , so that the waste receptacle was always full on one side and empty on the other , unless I constantly got in and redistributed . I would have to redistribute the clumps for the rake to work as well . Otherwise it was too heavy on one side and would get stuck . Then it tries a few more times to scoop the clumps up , but it is so noisy that it wakes you up with all its struggles in the middle of the night.I have had for about 5 months now , and this morning at 4am , it broke . The whole arm with the rake and the motor broke clean off , and I can see no way to repair it . However , after it broke , the motor continued to run and run until I got up and turned it off . I am quite disappointed , and do not plan to buy a second one and try again . I am surprised after reading all of the bad reviews that LitterMaid has not improved their product . I am also surprised they are even still in business . As soon as I can save some money , I am purchasing the Litter Robot .
 Get a Litter Robot instead . Costs more , but you get what you pay for . www.litter-robot.com . Also go here for reviews
 I have had two Littemaid automatic boxes over a period of 12 years and was happy with both . When my last one died , I decided to order a new one . I did my homework and discovered lots of complaints about the Elite model , so I stuck with the LM980 . While it looks the same , the workmanship is inferior . The rake is too short to scrape the bottom of the box and the lid will not close when the rake goes back down . I called customer service and the representative was rude and condescending . He offered no solution other than for me to try to `` bend '' the sides of the lid to force it so close . -LRB- I had already tried lubricating it , but the fit is too tight . -RRB- It is made of hard plastic . I am not going to risk trying to bend it and then wind up with it broken . I will be returning this product to Amazon , so I am out the shipping cost . When a product is defective , the company should offer to make it right . The least Littermaid could have done was offer to send me a new lid to see if it would fit better . But they wo n't do anything . They obviously do n't care about their customers .
 It 's time to kiss $ 200 -LRB- and Litter Maid -RRB- goodbye.We bought one and it seemed to do the job so after a week we bought a second one . BIG MISTAKE.One machine broke and the rake just flopped around and could n't scoop . We were able to get a replacement - but it is still in the carton - because the other litter box is always jamming . And they sent the wrong model -LRB- a cheaper one -RRB- . One of our three cats tends to pee on one side of the box and the clump is getting stuck to the bottom of the pan . We can only imagine that the urine goes down the side of the pan , under the litter , and then clumps and sticks - constantly . We tried EVERY recommendation in reviews to try and stop the sticking.I will give the replacement box away and throw away the used one . Maybe the next owner 's cat will pee right in the middle.It 's back to the old-fangled poop and scoop box .
 I recieved this product as a gift and now feel like smacking the giver upside the head.First off , the unit jammed almost constantly , requiring me to fix it every 2-3 days.Second , the motor is annoyingly loud and scary to ats . My 6 month old baby was so frightened she hid under my bed for 5 days and went to her regular litterbox -LRB- I had to keep it out else I would find surprises under my bed -RRB- . Third , it 's really no fun when you have to clean the thing out , unscrew it open and clean out a nasty plastic rake full of old dryed out gunk stuck to it . really , it 's no fun!After about two weeks , the unit gave up and would n't move , so I went to Petco and got a brand new one . Same situation , and to spare you the repetition if you really want to know what happened with Littermaid # 2 , start reading from the beginning.Again , I made my trip back to Petco with the intention of buying a new scoop and a box . But the manager recommended the Petmate Purrforma , she said of the 12 units sold since December , not any have come back . Whereas they recieve a return on littermaid at least twice a week !! So now I have the Purrforma , and it 's still going strong after one month of ownership !! I bought the jumbo hooded unit with extra features , and I do have a review of it in the actual units review section.As for my kitty who fears littermaid , she and my other cat fight for the right to sleep on top of the Purrforma . Since it 's much quiter motor sounds to them like purring.So forget littermaid , get the Purrforma -LRB- and read my review of it in the Purrforma Jumbo Hooded Litter Appliance category of Amazon . -RRB- I do hope that helped !!!
 I saw this item advertised for a few years and always wondered if such a device could work . I have one 12 year old cat who has begun to urinate more often . I really never had a problem with her litter box until I hurt my back.I decided to bite the bullet and shell out $ -LRB- ... -RRB- for what looked like a solution to both her more frequent pees and my aching back . Unfortunately , the product did not work . It would rake the premium clumpable litter but could not get the ball of pee into the receptacle before getting jammed and backing off and attempting once again only to fail and return to its original position with the error light blinking.I contacted manufacturer by email only to be offered the feeble suggestion to try several other litter . I went out and purchased three different premium clumpable litters and none faired better.PS . Tent is not any better . I also purchased a tent that is made to surround the litter box only to find several pieces for assembly so flimsy they broke . I contacted manufacturer who asked me to email the part numbers and quantity needed . I did and they sent me the WRONG parts.BSN
 We had a larger size LitterMaid for our two cats and it worked OK for about a month . Granted , the time between the cats using the box and the rake going did n't leave enough time for total clumping -LRB- my cats did n't like the LitterMaid litter and neither did I so we stuck with Fresh Step -RRB- , and the litter was never deep enough -LRB- the little `` max pour '' line was shallow I 'm assuming to compensate for the weak rake motor -RRB- . Then a month later , the rake started sounding like it was having problems moving -LRB- that strained motor kind of sound -RRB- , and then the sensor stopped working so I had to flip the switch manually when the cats went , and then the rake would rake and then get stuck , go back , try again , and just stop working all together . I thought maybe I just was n't flipping the switch soon enough , but I tried it with clean litter and it did the same thing . One day it just did n't work at all and I threw it away . I talked to a friend of mine who is a vet tech , and her LitterMaids -LRB- all three of them -RRB- have worn out as well , as have many of her patient 's LitterMaids.The LitterMaid is a great concept , which is why I bought one . However it has a lot of things that need to be perfected before I 'll ever consider buying one again .
 I know that readers will find this hard to believe , or that there must be another explanation , but this is a true and accurate account of our experience with this product.First , I should say that our cats tend to be a little `` different '' . We 've had a cat who always drank water by scooping it up with his paw first . Cats that figured out how to open the front door . Cats that stalk dogs and chase them . You get the idea.We purchased this gadget in preparation for going out of town , and leaving the cats set up `` home alone '' for the weekend in a large unfinished basement . They were used to eating and drinking from dispensers , and we always leave backup supplies just in case , so we had the input side of the equation covered . The output side of things , however , tended to be less than ideal . Our solution had always been multiple litter pans , and this device seemed like a great improvement . We sent it up in a clear area , `` introduced '' the cats to its use , and went on our way.When we got back , we found that the cats did not have the positive response to this device we had hoped . Not only had the device been turned upside down and emptied , but the batteries had been removed and scattered across the room . But that was n't enough . Our industrious kitties had dragged whatever they could lay paws on over to the unit and buried it in random objects.While the details of what inspired such a profound `` statement '' were not completely clear , the message was extremely clear . And so it sits , unused and unloved , spurned by our cats . And to the list of peculiarities our cats have displayed , we must add the term `` Luddites '' . It is worth mentioning that no other animals had access to the area , including humans . The box was flat on the floor . There was no where for it to fall , and absolutely nothing in the vicinity to fall on it . We are not subject to significant seismic activities . There were no crop circles in the yard . Just cats . Cats with too much time on their hands , and an attitude towards robotic litter boxes .
 Littermaid is a great product we have used one for over ten years . It does have its quirks but for the most part it works very well.The one we ordered from amazon did not include the power pack which is very important to have .
 I foolishly bought the littermaid mega two months ago after many fights over who would clean the litter box . We have two cats , one is small -LRB- 10-15 lbs -RRB- the other one is a BIG cat at least 30lbs . I have bought premium cat litter `` Scoop up '' and followed all directions ... no luck . You can only put a small amount of litter in the pan other wise it gathers at the end and will not work . So ... when you have a BIG cat the urine makes a goopy paste that simply sticks to the combs making a big clump of `` you know what '' rather than going into the receptical . Speaking of which ... I was cleaning my litter box once a day . Now ? Once a day ... scraping poop off the comb , getting my HANDS RIGHT IN THE LITTER as I empty the receptical that is covered with litter and other goodies . Changing grocery bags and PUSH PUSH PUSHING them down testing and retesting the machine ... otherwise the door wo n't go down and kitty will go elsewhere ... which HAS HAPPENED . WOw look at the time I have saved ?! NOT ! Who should buy this ? If you have one cat -LRB- small -RRB- that you know makes nice little poops and pees that you are n't currently scraping . Therefore , . . IF YOU ARE CURRENTLY SCRAPPING DO N'T BUY !
 i went through 2 of these crappy things , after the 2nd one broke down after only a couple of months , I decided enough was enough . Did some research and found the litter-robot . I was a bit put off because of the price , but did n't want to go back to hand scooping and damn sure wasnt going to buy another piece of crap littermaid , so I broke down and purchased one , called them up and told them I needed one ASAP ! , the customer service lady was great , got me one out in the mail the next day . This thing works like a dream , bought a box of 500 8 gallon trash bags at Sams club for $ 7.00 and i am good for at least 2 years , quite an improvement over the $ 13 dollars for 12 receptacles that littermaid sells . And its easier and less messy to change than the littermaid . I think the litter-robot also has an 18 month warranty , It would take 3 or 4 littermaids to last that long ! I will forever be a litter-robot customer
 I bought my first Littermaid and it lasted 5 years and I thought it was the greatest thing . When it finally broke , I rushed out to buy a new one . What a mistake . I have had 2 of the new ones , -LRB- the $ 99 model -RRB- and both have broken within a month . I guess the company decided to get cheap and now the product stinks .
 I have admit this is a great idea , again underline/capitalize the word IDEA . Bought my first one back in 2001 , i was so happy not having to worry about scooping up little every day and just changing the plastic sealed box , but after 5-6 months the motor DIED !!! We bought a second one couple months ago , thinking they might 've improved the product ... oh so wrong ... first of all the motor wasnt strong enough to comb thru the litter , so we put half the required/suggested amount , still the comb would get stuck not even half way thru . Got a third box thinking this one was just deffective , same old story , the last two didnt even make it to the 5-6 month mark , didnt even make the 2 day mark!Great concept for a litter box , and thats about it . Dont waste your money .
 As anyone who lives with a cat will attest , one of the less appealing aspects of feline ownership is the daily cleaning of the litter box . So , when I first saw the LitterMaid advertised , I thought for sure that I had found my miracle product . A litter box that cleans up after itself ? What could be more perfect ? Suffice it to say I was extremely excited to receive one as a gift.To its credit , when the LitterMaid is working properly , it provides the convenience and lack of hassle as promised by its ads . Unfortunately , it rarely works properly.I could live with the fact the LitterMaid is extremely loud when in use -LRB- it is a motorized piece of equipment so expecting it to be silent is kind of silly -RRB- . I could even live with the fact that the unit is so big that I could n't just stick it into a corner in the bathroom and had to instead put it in an inconvenient location -LRB- my bedroom -RRB- . I could almost live with the fact that the replacement waste receptacles for the LitterMaid are incredibly overpriced for what is essentially just some cheap plastic . What I could n't live with is the fact that the LitterMaid malfunctions more often that it works.There are indicator lines in the litter tray of the machine that are supposedly to let you know the maximum and minimum levels of litter to put in the LitterMaid for it to work effectively . Boy , was this a joke . I found that far too often , even when the litter level was well below the maximum line , the LitterMaid would jam when trying to rake up the cat waste . When this happens the machine will attempt 5 more times to rake up the litter -LRB- listening to the motor as the LitterMaid makes these 5 attempts at 3 in the morning is so much fun -RRB- and then a red light will start flashing , indicating that the machine has malfunctioned and it stops working altogether until you manually fix the problem.I found that the only way to prevent the LitterMaid from jamming so often was by keeping such an incredibly small amount of litter in the tray that more cat waste would end up stuck to the bottom of the tray than cleaned up by the machine . Without getting too graphic , the resulting odors were far worse than anything I 've experienced with a plain old litter box . This is n't even getting into the fact that cat waste frequently gets stuck within the teeth of the cleaning rake . Again , I 'll spare you the details , except to say that there are few activities in life more disgusting than cleaning the LitterMaid rake . It would make for a great `` Fear Factor '' challenge.I ultimately came to the realization that I was spending more time dealing with my LitterMaid than I ever did with a manual litter box . So I went back to manual . If the manufacturer ever improves this product to the point where it actually works the majority of the time , I would be more than willing to try this product again .
 I got this pan from my mother when she did n't want to use it anymore . That should have been my first clue . I think I used the Litter Maid for about five months . Since then it 's been stuck on a shelf in the garage . I 'm sure it 'll never make it through the door to the house again.There is an advantage to the Litter Maid . It includes :1 . You do n't HAVE to deal with the litter box daily . With two cats using it , I monitored it , and I emptied it perhaps every other day.There are several disadvantages to the Litter Maid .1 . My biggest cat weighs in excess of 15 pounds , and my medium cat weighs about 10 . Both of them had a hard time fitting in the box comfortably .2 . The litter pan part is shallow , so there is room for perhaps an inch of litter . If the cats stand in the same position repeatedly when using the box , the moisture will create a perennially clumpy moist corner that the rake will simply slide over , not plow clean . Also , moist clumps stick to the rake , reducing its effectiveness .3 . It 's impossible to scrub all component parts of this pan with soap and water , because it 's electric . If you use it , over time you will have what 's essentially an unflushable toilet for your pets .4 . It makes some noise . The noise did n't bother my cats , and certainly it 's not noisy enough to disrupt normal human routine , but there were times it roused me out of a light sleep from around the corner in another part of the house .5 . For multiple-cat households , it works less well ; it really does n't hold enough litter to be effective multiple cats . Owners of more than one cat have to check the box daily and empty it every other day .6 . Over time , litter seemed to get stuck in the mechanism that controls the box , and the box worked less well , making a growly sound as it ran . There is no obvious way to take apart and clean the box to fix the problem -LRB- see number 3 -RRB- . IF there was a way to clean this box , and IF it could hold more litter , and IF there were a deeper pan and longer rake , then it 'd be a great buy ! As it is , I recommend that customers wait for progress with the technology before making a purchase .
 First off , it seems that someone is spamming the reviews . Each of these glowing reviewers has never reviewed anything else on Amazon . And when a bad review is posted you 'll see several days worth of great reviews to push off the bad ones . -LSB- edit
 I was very anxious to get this - I had one previously which I bought years ago and when this one finally gave up the ghost wanted another . The new one arrived and although there was damage to both boxes I put it together anyway and put it in use . It lasted about 36 days - too late to send it back . The whole thing fell apart and I had to throw it out . I would consider buying another but am afraid of the company it came from .
 As a breeder I purchased 7 of these and finally wised up as if you can get more than 1 year from this or their smaller unit you are very lucky . Takes special pans for the droppings and the wheels ware out just after the 1 year expires . I can not prove it but the quality of manufacturing and engineer I believe it is maid in china and does not last!Want a litter box that will hold up get a Litter-Robot . Yes it is expensive but it is built to last and made in the us not in china.If there is a Litter Maid fan out there let me know and you can have all -LRB- 7 -RRB- i have sitting in the corner with tones of the special catch boxes in the front . You pay shipping and packing and their are yours . Could be used to scavenge parts to fix others but the Litter-Robot beats this hands down and has an 18 month warranty and even has a agreement if you cat refuses to use t they will refund all your money except shipping cost if you ship it back ! Litter-Robot us made and maid to work for a long time plus they will sell parts where you do not have to buy a new unit if a part does break but as a breeder I could set on it and it would not break and I am over lb !
 While the obvious benefit of this product is that you do not have to remove the litter for a few days -LRB- compared with every or every other day -RRB- , the effort involved in keeping this product working is not remotely worth it . The rake -LRB- part that gets sifts through the litter -RRB- constantly gets clumpy regardless of whether you use the recommended kitty litter or not . Refilling the machine with litter is also difficult seeing as it requires a very specific amount to function . Any more than that amount results in your rake being unable to sift through the litter and making failed effort after failed effort .
 This item works fine until it gets crudded up with dried on poop and litter . It 's a nightmare to clean , and my box went dead after 6 months . I wrote to the company TWICE and got no response at all ! I would advise against buying this product . It takes less time to rake out a litter box 1-2 times a day , than to clean the mess that this box creates ! And yes , I did use the recommended litter -- it made no difference !!
 I bought the LitterMaid Mega Elite approximately five months ago . I had to switch out THREE different boxes until one finally worked OK . PetCo was great about swapping them out . However , every day , I had to scoop out poops myself and the poop often ends up on the floor . However , it worked reasonably well until a few days ago when I found two little plastic parts mixed in with the litter . Apparently , something had broken off the rake and the back end to the unit was rising up while the rake would only scrape about half way clean . I was determined to buy a different brand and simply junk this one . However , I was at Wal-Mart and we were very pressed for time and the only unit available was the smaller LitterMaid unit , so I went ahead and bought it thinking that maybe a smaller unit would not have so much trouble raking . -LRB- Apparently , LitterMaid uses the same sized receptacle for ALL their units , regardless of whether they are rated for one cat or multiple cats . -RRB- Anyhow , I set up the new one , put in the batteries and plugged it in . Everything seemed fine and it was much quieter than the larger one . About an hour or so later , however , I went back and the light was n't on ! The entire unit had died . I called LitterMaid in the morning and they said they would send me a new unit -LRB- they did n't hesitate , so apparently this business of the units dying immediately is n't news to them -RRB- . They also agreed to send me a new rake for the old unit . They were aware of this problem , too -- the plastic wheels on the rake break off ! I must say that both times I have called LitterMaid , I have been put on hold and have had do deal with EXTREMELY RUDE AND OBNOXIOUS tech help . They are n't very good at explaining issues and they get angry easily and mouth off at the customer . I have a master 's degree , so following reasonable instructions is something I am good at . I wish this company would go out of business . Their products are horrible . I have friends who had the older versions and were very happy . It 's obvious that they have skimped on quality with their later designs , using cheap plastic whenever possible . I use the best , most expensive cat litter and I do n't overfill.I was late to work twice on account of having to call LitterMaid . I 've had to bend over and pick up tons of poop off the floor , let alone the constant scraping of poop on a daily basis that is required to keep the unit working . When I vacuum , my cleaner stinks of cat poop now since it spilled onto the floor so many times . LitterMaid 's design is flawed in so many ways , it 's hard to enumerate , but the most basic flaw is that the unit should not be designed to work with clumping litter . Clumping litter sticks to the bottom of the unit and never quite comes up.My suggestion is to buy the Scoop Free litter box instead . -LRB- See link below . -RRB- It uses a different philosophy
 Great idea , poor -LRB- or more specifically , incomplete -RRB- execution.Pros : * Attractive design * Carpeted cat ramp is a nice touch * When it works correctly , its fantastic.Cons : * Disposable top lid becomes easily disattached from its holder , resulting in all further poo being stacked on top of the lid , rather than inside the container , as advertised . If you buy one , you 'll immediately see the potential for this as you assemble it , then see what I mean a day or so later . Just little kitten feet walking up ramp can cause this to occur . This is so obvious a design flaw that I 'm surprised it was n't considered by the engineers . * On-going cost of ownership - I expected that I 'd have to buy refill containers , but was surprised to find that they do not include the carbon odor eliminators that come with the unit . * Short power cord - I had to run an extension cord in order to position the box in the closet . * Works only with clumping litter , rather than crystals and pine , so the dust cloud I got rid of by switching litter is back , particularly when I have to scoop or pour more litter into the box . * Litter still ends up on the floor - not from the cats bringing it out but because litter will spill over the container and onto the floor . I would have hoped the designers would have considered this and built something under the box to catch the excess.Overall : When it works right , its really great . I love having a clean box without having to scoop everyday . Unfortunately , when the top comes off the container , I end up having to handle cat poo anyway . Bummer .
 Our older Mega had plastic teeth and came as a two piece easy to assemble unit . After several years it stopped working and I plunked down $ 160.00 for a replacement -LRB- bought locally due to time constraints -RRB- . This new model had to be assembled almost from scratch . Once put into service my unused portion of litter -LRB- Fresh Step -RRB- would gum up the works . One problem was the way the lip of the litter tray joined with the disposing receptacle which would catch the poop and hold it while the teeth squished it into a mass that would not drop . The new `` improved '' rake with its metal spokes got gummed up quickly . I switched to one of the `` recommended '' brands of litter and it presents different problems , mainly scrunching up behind the rake at the rear of the tray sometimes causing repeated cycles . I took apart the old unit , found the problem , fixed it and it is working again -LRB- with the old style litter -RRB- . The cat and I are both happier . Shame on Littermaid for ruining a good design.LitterMaid LME9000 Elite Mega Advanced Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter Box
 I bought two of the large sized LitterMaids for my three cats . On one of the Littermaids the rake froze at the end of the track -LRB- over the waste receptacle -RRB- and never moved again . That one I threw out . On the other LitterMaid the electric eye that triggers a cleaning cycle after the cat enters the box failed . That one I still have , but have to trigger manually by turning the power on and off . You must buy premium litter or the rake does not have enough power to move the litter . My Littermaids were worth while for the short -LRB- less than 1 year -RRB- time the functioned correctly , but I would not recommend them due to poor reliability .
 I wish this thing would clean itself up and throw itself in the trash . That is where it belongs .
 I bought this for our one cat thinking it would make the kitty box maintenance and bit easier and , cut down on the smell some . After about two months , it just stopped working . I called the company and they made me contact Amazon.com first to try and get a replacement . They would n't replace it , so I had to send the battery cover and power cord back to the company before they would send me a new one . After about two months of using the new one , it stopped working too . Do n't bother with this .
 I spend more time cleaning this automatic litter box thanI used to scooping litters from the regular litter box . It ` smessy and creats more work . I wish I did n't get it . I ` mthrowing it away .
 My in-laws had a bad experience trying to get one that worked properly . For this price it should WORK and sing and dance too.OLDER CATS FEAR this box due to NOISE when it `` cleans '' ~ therefore avoiding the BOX ... Yep , you guessed it . Floor clean up time . SAVE YOUR MONEY , indoor cats MEANS cleaning kitty litter .
 We purchased the Litter Maid for my wife 's grandmother and her two cats because my wife loves the connivance of ours . All well and good , the package came in a very quick time with no damage to the box.GramMa got it for Christmas and was not as nearly as excited as Gramps at the thought of modernizing the cats . When we cam to visit this week we come to find Gramps has been using batteries -LRB- which by the way do not last very long with now 3 cats -RRB- . We contacted the factory thru the phone number in the box to find it disconnected . I then went to radio shack and bought them a universal adapter to power the unit.Works great but very disappointed in the customer service or the lack of ...
 The box did not work from day one.I Amazon sent me a replacement.That i really Did not want.I had pay for it , they took money from credit card!It still a piece of S ** T !
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! I had this for all of six months with my two cats . It was impossible to keep clean . Litter was everywhere , it did n't matter that I had the ramp . It also scared my normally sedate and happy cat because of the unusual configuration . I used the litter they recommended and it stuck everywhere ! Between the tines , on the sides and to the bottom of the pan ! I could never get it clean and I ended up dumping it every week and taking to cleaning it outside . After six months of washing it down with water and pine-sol that I needed to use to get rid of the embedded urine smell , it burned out the motor . It 's easier to keep a normal litter box clean with liners , and just dump the litter ever few days . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 As an avid cat owner throughout my life , I have utilized all kinds of litter boxes in my time . Naturally , when it came time to have a litter of my own , I applied many of the practices from my years of caring for cats to child rearing.Before I continue I will inform you that my wife and myself did not intend to have quadruplets when we started on fertility treatment and , had our pregnancy yielded a more manageable sum of offspring , I would have used more conventional methods in raising them . Nevertheless , we must all play the hand dealt to us and I have done just that.Having owned some variation of automated litter boxes since they were mere prototypes -LRB- a privilege afforded to me from a lifetime subscription to Cat Lover Magazine -RRB- A quick search through Amazon 's reviews led me directly to the state-of-the-art LitterMaid LM900 Mega Self-Cleaning Litter Box when choosing how to train my own brood.I will say that , for a time , the alleged ` large capacity ' was sufficient for my needs . My assumption that a 6 month old child is at least as intelligent as a common household cat proved correct and i was successful in box-training my multiples . I would say that from the age of 6-12 months the bowel movements produced by a child are similar in size and texture to that of a large house cat , with only occasional instances -LRB- read
 You guys are so funny . I could not stop laughing . I 'm still confused if I should purchase this electric litterbox gizmo . I read a split 50/50 review about it . Will continue asking people .
 This is the third Littermaid I 've purchased . I 've been very pleased with the first two cat boxes but this one is not what I expected . Littermaid has changed the quality of the recepticles boxes . The box will not stay in place thus kitty litter and waste go everywhere . The recepticle tops are horrible . I have to TAPE the cheapo lid to my cat box . I do re-use my boxes but I did that before with my two previous cat boxes and did not have a problem . The quality of this new cat box is not as good as before . Next time I have to purchase a cat box , it will not be Littermaid . I 'm ready to try something else .
 I bought my first Littermaid in 2000 when my cat was a kitten . It was a Mega Ultra and lasted 4 years . The motor was always a bit weak but for the most part it worked great . When it finally quit I bought a new Mega Ultra which also lasted 4 years . When it gave out I bought the new and improved Mega . When I unpackaged it I noticed the color had changed but it was essentially the same as the old Mega Ultra . After the first use I could tell the motor had more torque too . I thought great , no more rake getting stuck in the middle of the night . Well , that lasted for about 45 days . One afternoon I noticed the rake stuck at the end of its travel holding the waste receptacle open . I switched it off and back on hoping to reset it , but nothing . I unplugged it and plugged it back in , nothing . I unplugged it and left it for an hour , nothing . So I called up customer service , and they replaced but I had to send the battery box cover , a 3 inch piece of the wiring attached to the rake and a check for $ 10 . So I did . About 2 weeks later the new unit arrived . Same exact unit as before . After 3 days of use the rake became stuck again , but this time when I turned it off and back on the rack returned to the storage position . After 1 month , same thing again . Only this time nothing would fix it . I 'm very disappointed in Littermaid . They started out with a wonderful product . But the quality of their `` New and Improved '' products are sorely lacking . The last two I 've owned -LRB- in just 3 months -RRB- have been junk . I would definitely not recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this in late June of 2009 and it gave out already . I had a liitermaid previously and had to get a replacement within 1 month . It gave out within a year and a half , so I decided to get the `` Mega '' box , since we have more than one cat using it.Customer service is a waste . I called `` Littermaid '' and their response was , `` They should last about a year , some less and some more . '' Not for that kind of money!Please think about it before you might want to invest.I 'm not the kind of person who writes many reviews , but this is ridiculous .
 I paid way too much to find out that the motor makes a lot of noise when cleaning the box . My cat was scared of it even though the timing was set to delay the cleaning . The box takes up a lot of room and has to be plugged in so placement is limited . I also did not like that the soiled litter would stick to the bottom , break into small pieces that the comb would not catch , and often missed the receptacle . I ended up having to clean it out manually to fix the mess left behind . I would rather just scoop it the first time myself and save the hassle ... and money . I gave mine to a friend and she eventually had the same complaints about the cleanliness . Her cats used it just fine without fear .
 A few years back we owned a litter maid and it did n't last long , only a couple of months . It was n't long after it broke our indoor cats left so , we did n't worry too much about it.Recently though , we aquired two indoor cats again and my wife purchased another litter maid . I 'm not certain of the model I think it 's the above mentioned one . Our cats went to using it with no problem at all . We have been very careful with this unit keeping the rake clean and being certain not to overload it with litter . Alas , around a month and a half into owning it the rake became stuck in the dump position . We have tried everything that is on the forums . It wo n't reset . My wife contacted the company and the went through everything with her over the phone . It 's dead they said . They had her cut a few parts out of it and are sending us a new one . The customer service agent was very helpful so that is a plus there . I 'll try to update this review when we get the new box . For the time being and with the experience we had with the previous litter maid I would say dont ' buy it . It likely wo n't last long .
 We bought the LitterMaid Self_Cleaning litter box and truly hoped it would eliminate the need for us to hand scoop litter . That 's the whole purpose of the product right ? Well , the LitterMaid only grabs some of the litter , while leaving a lot it for us to hand scoop out . I 'm in the process of considering an alternative that is more reliable . Avoid this product !!!
 The most upsetting thing about owning the littermaid mega self cleaning box has nothing to do with the product itself . The worst part of my experience is this
 Helps in multi cat household - Definate difference in oder level .
 make sure to keep all your reciepts for this product because litter maid -LRB- applica consumer products -RRB- likes to play games.we bought this off the litter maid website ! it worked wonderfully for two monthsvery easy to set up , operate and clean up-yes ! a child could understand the intstructions that is how easy it is !!! kept our dogs from eating the tootsie roll treats-brilliant !!! used the right kind of kitty litter -LRB- tidy cat for multiple cats -RRB- no problem there !!!! it is noisy ? ... who cares it was cleaning up the mess !!! We were very happy until it broke down two months later.One major problem , they are horrible about replacements even if you provide the right reciepts ! please be warned about this and keep all of your reciepts and even take a pic of the box you put your items in . To replace the unit we did everythingthey asked us to do and it was to be sent to Applica Consumer Products in Ohio , and they still did not replace it , the only thing they did send was a letter back saying we never sent them anything !! what b.s. !!! thank goodness I wrote down the customer number provided , I saved the postal money receipt and the proirity mail receipt I sent the package in and of course my credit card statement . They are still taking forever to replace it . This is just one of the company 's biggest problemsand it seems like Littermaid likes to play alot of games to replace the unit . Looking at SOME of the reviews both postive and negative , if you still decide to buy one , hopefully you maybe one of the lucky ones and never have a problem with it . If this is the case , I wish your kitties happy pooping !!!!
 Our littermaid worked fine for a while , as long as our cat 's body produced clumpable waste . Then after 3 months the motor stopped working altogether .
 This litter box is a good idea , but the bugs still need to be worked out . The litter sticks to the box most of the time , which prevents the rake from cleaning the box . In the end , most of the time I have to still clean out the litter by hand , completely defeating the purpose of even having the thing . In addition , the motor is really loud , and when it encounters an obstacle -LRB- i.e. clumped up litter sticking to the box -RRB- it makes three passes before finally shutting down and blinking the light that shows me that the box has yet again failed to perform . I even have to shut off the box at night . Otherwise I 'll be woken up by the sound of the rake going back and forth , back and forth , back and forth , back and forth . Better to wait for the next model , which hopefully will be more advanced than this one .
 I spent two months trying to get it right . Which brand of `` recommended '' litter wo n't stick to the rake ? How much is just enough litter ? -LRB- use too much and the rake ca n't return to its starting position and will keep repeating its cycle -RRB- How often should I add another cup of litter ? My 2 cats went in the same location in the pan , so the receptacle overflowed after one day . Also , the rake would pull the clump and litter away and then they would urinate on a pan without litter ! Not a good smell ! This did not liberate me from cleaning the box , I was dealing with litter box issues twice as often ! -LRB- ... -RRB- PS
 THIS PRODUCT WAS BROKEN BY THE 2ND DAY . THE MOTOR IS SO UNDERSIZED THAT IT CA N'T DO THE JOB . THE GEARS ARE PLASTIC AND BECAME STRIPPED OUT . I WANT MY MONEY BACK
 My husband and I have 2 kittens and like everyone else , dred to clean the litter . For our wedding , some one gave us a gift card to the pet store -LRB- joke , i dont know ?? -RRB- but we figured that it would be good to get the litter maid then . It worked fine , for the first hour , and then we ran into problems . If your cats scratch alot , or tend to `` toss around '' the litter , then you need the tent for it , and the extra pad for around it . After getting all that , went to change it for the first time ... it was complete mush on the bottom , and as it scoops out , it does not place the waste in the little container evenly . So after about 2 days , it was over flowing everywhere , and the other side was empty.I fought with this item for well over 4 months . The motor started to die after the 2nd month . Its incredibly loud and disturbing . Having guests over for a nice dinner , becomes intersting when every 5 minutes you hear this thing wind up and putter accross.I took my money and invested it else where . I have a company that comes out and leaves me 2 clean litter boxes , and takes the dirty 2 on hand away -LRB- have a 3 for the switch -RRB- . Its sanitary and clean ... . and makes it alot easier.Using the litter maid , you have to put in more work than cleaning a normal litter box . You have to constantly provide supplies , and end up spending a lot of money every few weeks -LRB- in addition to litter , also the containers , the bags , etc. -RRB- I spend less having someone else do it , and they provide the litter as well -LRB- and not the cheap stuff , my girl is allergic to it -RRB- . Best bet , do it yourself , or hire someone to do it for you !
 I bought the Littermaid Plus for our two cats . In less than a month , I have had almost daily problems . This thing requires daily maintenance and nursing -- the load gets too heavy for the motor , or the tines get out of alignment -LRB- do n't stand over it when that happens -- it flicks dirty cat litter right in your face -RRB- . I 've seen another automatic box with metal tines -LRB- brand ? -RRB- , which I think would be an improvement . My Littermaid is now dead . A very expensive box that I clean manually . Littermaid has agreed to replace it -LRB- they wanted me to pay freight until I objected !! -RRB- but I have zero confidence it will be better .
 This was a terrible purchase . I should have done my research first . The comb does not have enough power to actually scrap the litter into the waste thing . It gets stuck and then gives up and just does nothing . Now the great thing is where I bought it . I bought mine from pet smart and they happily took it back and I was able to get a full refund . I would have taken store credit but I wanted to do more research before I bought another self cleaning litter box .
 I bought this cat box and the motor went out in less then three months . Over a hundred bucks down the drain ... Teri from CA
 Purchased from on amazon from orange onions . The box worked for 2 days and then the rake would not stop going back and forth . Performed all the reset checks as per littermaid with no success . The canceler switch was not working . Notified orange onions twice about needing a replacement and RECEIVED NO RESPONSE . Had to contact Littermaid directly for any help . No more Orange onions for me .
 This product is not working one year later and I would not recomend it . I paid $ 112.00 for this litter box which is a very expensive litter box . It worked for about one year just long enough for the warranty to run out . The electronic eye stopped working so the rack would not work , which is the whole purpose of this box . I called littermaid and they said it could not be fixed and I would have to buy another box for $ 137.00 . That is just not going to happen . If you have a hundred dollars burning a hole in your pocket then I would say buy anything but this product .
 I owned the older version of the LitterMaid for several years and it gave out when the cord lost its elasticity and kept wrapping itself around the rake . I replaced it with the newest version and it was a disaster . First , the rake barely got past the rim of the waste tray so half the waste ended up in the tray and the other half fell back into the box . Then it would n't even get as far as the tray itself . After two weeks , I replaced the unit with another one . The rake on this one can barely make it through clean litter . When there is waste in the box , it grinds to a halt about half way through the cycle and does n't even come close to getting as far as the dump tray . This purchase was a total waste of money . It is woefully underpowered . I have one cat so my problems are not from overuse .
 We had to replace our LitterMaid unit three times over the course of about three years . I think that a lot of the rave reviews on here were written after having the LitterMaid box for a short time . I will agree that in the short run , this was one of the most awesome inventions I had ever encountered . Unfortunately , the longevity of the product is not so awesome . I will break it down for you like this : LitterMaid Box # 1 -RRB- After about a year , the motor died.LitterMaid Box # 2 -RRB- After about a year , the motor died.LitterMaid Box # 3 -RRB- After about a year , the motor died because the tines had somehow caught the wire that connects the rake to the motor and pulled it apart.There were many times that we had to manually clean the box . A lot of times the rake would get stuck and return to its default position , issuing the blinking warning light . Sometimes , the rake would hit a clump of excrement and pop it completely out of the box and onto the floor . The black paw mat that attaches to the front of the box is also a waste of money as it gets covered with sticky litter in a few months . DO NOT purchase the tent . Excrement generates heat and evaporates which causes steam . Over time , this steam builds up on the inside of the tent . The end result is a layer of disgusting film on the inside of the tent which generates a horrific odor.The bottom line on this product is that it is built to last through the warranty period . Perhaps we just got unlucky with three consecutive purchases . However , it is more likely that the LitterMaid corporation is cashing in on an idea rather than a product.I have had cats as family members for over 20 years . My advice to other cat lovers is this
 I recieved my litter box on January 12th and was thrilled . It was little noisy but hey I could live with that . Today the motor quit . $ 100 for two months ??? Little pricey . I have a call into the company we 'll see if it 's a hassle to replace it . They have a 1 year warranty .
 I have 3 cats and have had 2 of these overpriced , underfunctioning white elephants . The little bitty receptacles overflow if not emptied every day . The rake gets stuck . The motor burns out . The litter sticks to the bottom . My tom regularly created sparks when he would `` hit '' the electrics . I 'm considering the Performa , but it will be a while before I actually get it - I 'm going to find someone who has one and check it out , first . And I noticed there were some `` used '' Littermates listed . Who in their right mind would buy a used litterbox , no matter how cleaned up ?? DrWindyRN
 I bought this thinking it would be a wonderful thing , but their is n't ANYTHING wonderful about it . Within the first week the motor ceased . This is not something I wanted to see after spending over $ 150 on the thing . They did send another one before we even sent them the wires -LRB- to make sure we are not trying to score another one for free , who the hell would want another ? -RRB- I find that I am cleaning the thing almost as much as if it were n't self cleaning . Between the rake getting clumped up , the liners overflowing , the urine sticking to the pan , the litter getting all over the floor ... the list could go on . Stick with cleaning the old fashioned way . It is cheaper and less of a hassle .
 I 'm not entirely pleased with the Littermaid self cleaning cat pan . I think I 've wasted $ 150 and wish I would never have bought it.I have had the Littermaid LM900 for 3 months now and have two cats . These cats are standard sized 10 lb adults - 1 male & 1 female -RRB- so nothing unusual here.Well , the pan does n't seem to be long enough for either cat . Both of them pee into the rake or a corner near the motor . Ten minutes later when the rake comes along the litter gets all gummed up in it . If they poop then the rake still gets all dirty but the litter gets pushed around and a huge pile of litter gets dumped into the waste receptacle.I think I 'm manually scooping as much as I always did , except that I 'm a couple bucks poorer.I always keep the litter `` almost '' filled to the proper level since the rake sometimes has a hard time of coming across the properly filled pan and then backs up repeatedly.Well the last time this happened I was on vacation and my neighbor was taking care of the cats.She said it apparently jammed then went back & forth so many times the cats could n't use the pan one day so they did their duty on the floor next to it . She had to reset it on/off . The rest of the two weeks we were gone it malfunctioned repeatedly and the side grooves that the rake rolls along were both junked up with goopy cat pee/litter and jammed frozen solid.She had to turn the unit off and scoop manually until we got home.I tried resetting the unit and it refued to budge.I took the whole thing apart and cleaned it in the sink then dried and reassembled it.It still refused to work . Only the red light would come on but the rake would not come out.The PetSmart I bought it from refused to refund my money since I did n't have the original box -LRB- gee , maybe they intended to try & resell it ? -RRB- . I contacted the manufacturer and they gave me a resetting sequence to perform . Still no luck . So they authorized me a replacement pan since it looks like the motor burned out . They had me mail -LRB- at my own expense -RRB- half the parts on the pan to prove I owned one AND $ 10 to cover shipping the new one out to me.It 's been 3 weeks I 've been waiting for the replacement pan and have had to go back to the manual $ 4 cat pan . They cashed the check so I know they got my `` proof package '' . I would have preferred to get my $ 150 back but they refused me that . So it cost me $ 10 more to buy my replacement pan.I wish I never would have bought this pan . It still requires manual scooping and daily maintenance .
 There needs to be `` negative stars '' for these reviews , because this thing deserves them!I had wanted one of these for * years * and finally broke down and bought one.I should have saved my money ! I did buy the `` best , most expensive , hardest clumping '' litter and still spent more time screwing with cat litter than I had before I bought this thing.Litter has to be deep enough for the urine to form a ball * before * it hits bottom . The Littermaid is n't deep enough -LRB- I suppose because their motor burns out if litter is deep -RRB- . The clump sticks to the bottom and you have to scrape it off manually . 2 or 3 times a day.So I went out and bought the silicone spray like the manual recommended , to coat the bottom of the pan . That helped somewhat , but after a couple of days it was starting to stick again.Then , tonight , SIX DAYS after I bought it , I came home to find the rake broken and lying sideways in the litter ! One of the guides was snapped off . It wo n't work at all!In the last 6 days I spent more time messing with the litter box than I 'd spent in the year before that ! And probably spent more money on the box than I spent for litter for a couple of years , too!NOW , of course , I have read the consumer reports about all the problems with this product and how bad the company 's customer service is . Apparently the older ones worked better , since there are people who say their first one worked for several years.I wish I 'd saved my money !! Save yours !!
 I purchased the LM900 after we brought home our third cat so the litter box would n't have to be scooped 3x a day and to keep odor down.Although it does reduce odor by keeping the waste in the closed bin , it requires WAY TOO MUCH MAINTENANCE . If your kitty likes to use the corners as one of mine does , you will be scraping cement-like messes off the bottom , the corner and out of the rake on a daily basis , if not more often . I even use the silicone spray recommended by other reviews and `` premium '' litter ... all to no avail . Litter all over the floor around the box as well as under the waste bin is also a problem . I spend as much or more time maintaining this box as I would a conventional one.Not worth the cost .
 Well , it IS an self cleaning litter box , but is is one of the most cheaply made ones available . I had this litter box for 6 months before it broke , just long enough that littermaid would not replace it , and , honestly , I am glad that they would n't . There were some good this about it :1 . Very easy to find filters , waste containers , etc. 2 . Cheap .3 . Do n't have to scoop every day.But , there were so many things wrong :1 . It is horribly ugly . You can get an enclosure for it , but then you have this ugly white box sitting in the middle of the room .2 . It is loud . It is so loud , in fact , that my cat spent the first month hiding from it , and never really got used to using it , and it would also wake ME up in the middle of the night .3 . It will only wait 10 minutes after a cat leaves it to run , and with every litter I tried , the clumps would still be wet , and break up and get all gooey and gross on the rake .4 . The rake is plastic , and very hard to clean . The spaces in between the tines are almost too big , and it leaves a lot of small clumps in the box . Also , it doesnt quite reach the bottom of the box , so after a couple of weeks , there is a solid block of dirty litter caked on the bottom .5 . There are no liners available for the bottom , so when it is time to change the total litter , you have to very carefully dump it out , and try to scrape the gross block of dirty litter out , too . Also , the combo of ammonia and sharp nails eats away at the plastic pretty easy . This would all be solved with a liner , but since there are none ... 6 . The litter can not be very deep , and anyone that has had a cat before knows that cats HATE being able to feel the bottom of the litter box .7 . Litter goes everywhere . I am sure i am not the only one with a cat that likes to kick litter everywhere . Even with the enclosure , there is still litter all over the place .8 . The `` convenient '' plastic waste containers are expensive , and the lids dont fit on the top , so it spills if you are not really , really careful . Plus , the very expensive carbon filter gets thrown out every time you change the waste container.I replaced my littermaid with a Petmate Purrforma . It doesnt have any of the problems the littermaid did , although it is still not as deep as I would like , and the replacement bags/liners are hard to find offline , which , with a little planning , is n't that much of a problem . Best part - you can set it to wait 20 minutes instead of 10 . It is about $ 250-300 and can be found easily at petco online.I really think that it is worth spending the extra hundred bucks for a better litterbox . That being said , if you still want to buy this one , or have to because of the price , I recommend the arm and hammer litter . It clumps faster than any of the premium litters I have tried .
 I have 4 cats and have gone through two Littermaids . After both of them broke I have given up.Cons - very noisy , wakes you up at night - gets stuck a lot . When it does , it does n't intelligently back up or stop , it keeps trying to move forward making a loud clicking sound - it can only handle a very small amount of litter otherwise it gets overloaded - the whole thing feels cheaply made . The motor is week and the plastic is flimsyI love the concept of an automatic litter cleaner like this , unfortunately it just does n't perform .
 This replaced the same model that I had for 6 years.the new one must have a weaker motor because it can not push through the piles of litter like the older one .
 We 've tried using these for 7 years now . The initial models we had lasted about 2 years before the motor gave out , which we accepted for the convenience it offered . However , over the past 3 years or so every one of these we purchased lasted no more than a year -LRB- only 1 lasted that long -RRB- , and several much less -LRB- two were defective upon arrival -RRB- . There had to be a change in ownership or factory location , or people on the assembly line because these later versions are just what the title says
 Had about 6 of these in the last 3 years , apparently they are made to self destruct in about 6-9 months . Unfortunately when they work right they are better than the alternative so I keep replacing them in hopes that one day they will get it right . They are getting better , the last one I bough just died after about a year the only reason I gave it 2 stars .
 I bought one of these litter boxes a year ago , and quickly it became more of a hassle than it was worth . The comb jams more than it works . I found that I was cleaning this box more often than I was cleaning a regular box . The comb would get litter built up in it causing it to try to scoop all the litter into the compartment , causing a jam . The next problem I was having was the litter would get in the gear on the side of the box , causing the comb to jam . The litter box was so noisy that my cat would attack the box , and end up using the nearest plant as her litter box . This product suffers from many design flaws . The ramp broke after the first week . Note
 When I first got LitterMaid Mega I thought it was the best thing in the world ... but it did n't take long to realize that it was n't going to work.For one thing the Mega PAN is bigger but the trays are the same size , so I ended up having to empty everyday anyway . Also if you have a cat that tends to go in the same place like I do , the litter clumps stack up in the tray all in one spot so most days I came home to a lid only half closed on top of a huge pile of litter on one side and none on the other.The 10 minute interval just is n't long enough for the wet stuff to clump so it ends up all over the tines of the rake . Once it starts getting dirty it is a bear to keep clean . I would not buy another one .
 This is possibly the worst product ever fashioned by human hands . When it does work , which is rarer than the appearance of most astronomical phenomenon , all the tines of the rake serve to do is spear chunks of cat feces and carry them back to the return position , leaving nothing in the waste receptacle . Spending just five minutes scraping it off is enough to make me want to stab myself with one of said tines , that I might become infected with a deadly strain of ecoli , and be permanently freed from this abortion of a product . Please , spend your money elsewhere , and if you already own one , do humanity a favor and destroy it , preferably by incineration .
 If you enjoy scooping out the litter box twice a day then this is product for you ! I purchased this box thinking it would free up my time and allow me to travel on weekends ... not . Now I come home to a huge mess , usually because the clumps will get jammed under the rake and it likes to lock up in the middle of the pan -LRB- which confuses the hell out of my cats -RRB- Its loud and very undependable and just plain annoying ... hate it !!
 Bought this in January 2010 and WAS happy with it because it allowed me to have just one litter box for three cats . Upkeep was as described in other reviews , daily sweeping and a sanitary wipedown . It provided more peace of mind when we left the cats in someone else 's care for vacations . After 19 months , it is dead ! One of the wheels on rake came off , causing the entire rake bar to fall off . As much as we liked it while it worked , it was not worth the money .
 Did n't really save anytime or labor vs the old manual scoop method . It will wake you up at night if it 's located near your bedroom . You also have to buy new waste containers or reuse/wash the old stinky ones frequently . The attached rug/ramp does not completely eliminate the cat -LRB- s -RRB- tracking litter across the floor either . The cat pee along with small amounts of littler gets into the track and has to be cleaned every week or so . The automated rake gets clogged with cat litter and needs to be cleaned out every other day . Not as big as I would have like it to be either . Our cat is about 13 lbs and just barely fit into this . It does automatically rake the litter into a wast container but the maintenance is worse than just doing it manually .
 Back in 2002 we purchased our first Littermaid product , loved it loved it . It was the best thing ever made and high quality product . We sadly lost the original unit in 2009 in a housefire . I ordered a new one and all they had was these newer models . Bought first one , it stopped running first week . Sent it back and exchanged . That one stopped working in 2 days , this one just went into the trash . Then i ordered the Omega Elite . It lasted exactly one year and the power button which is in a totally stupid place stopped working and the company will not do a thing about it . They put the button in a spot on top of the unit to where the cats going in or out and even just using the sides to put their front feet while going potty , would turn the machine off or on and constantly mess the sleep timer up . Sleep Timer , another very bad idea for this machine , it is easier to just unplug the unit and not have to mess with computer chips and the extra button . Littermaid , I have sold more than 20 of your products for you in the past 10 years and I am so dissapointed that you decided to drop the quality of your product in order to mass produce the pieces of garbage you are selling now . I paid over $ 200 for my first unit and would pay that again if it were the same long lasting quality you started with . Stop lowering your prices and start making the machines you used to make again . Until I see that you will stand behind your product , I refuse to buy from you again or even tell anyone else about your products . And I have told everyone that I know that has one not to bother calling for help because they wo n't get any . I mean gosh after all the money I had spent , you could have offered a huge discount for the trouble and poor workmanship of your product . All I get told is you will have to buy a new unit.Signed , Very Unhappy Customer !
 This has been a pretty big disappointment . I have 3 cats and 2 dogs . Because of litter box incidents , my vet suggested we add another box in another room -LRB- we have 3 boxes in the laundry room , which the dogs ca n't get to -RRB- . So we got this and stuck it in the bathroom closet . Our hope was that it would keep odor down , and keep the dogs from finding those special treats they like so much.We started out with plain old Scoop Away . Right away , exactly what I expected to happen , happened . My neutered male cat peed on the rake . It clumped up , and then when the cleaner ran , all it did was push clean litter into the receptacle . We tried various litters , all the same affect -LRB- or worse in the case of A & H -RRB- . Even spraying silicone spray on the rake would n't help -LRB- we tried that from the beginning -RRB- . Next we tried the -LRB- expensive -RRB- Littermaid litter . Cats would n't touch it . Good thing they would n't touch it , it no longer seems to be available anywhere locally , and costs $ 12 on Amazon , plus shipping -LRB- not available for Prime -RRB- . I agree with everyone that the litter needs more `` drying time '' before the rake runs.The next problem we have is with the end of the box , before the litter goes into the receptacle . There is a lip there , and stuff just gets stuck there . Then the rake runs into it again and again , and stuff just manages to get it wedged into the rake , and broken up , so nothing ends up in the receptacle . Maybe this creates the `` flinging '' some people have experienced ? The design of the litter scoop is ingenious , if it did n't have those `` teeth '' I would have thrown the whole thing out long ago!We put ours on a timer after listening to it run repeatedly one night -LRB- if the rake does n't make a full run successfully , it backs up and does it over and over again until it makes it all the way to the end , this is where we run into the problem with that lip at the end -RRB- . Next , what is the deal with those disposable `` lids '' for the receptacle ? They really do n't do anything , except fill those 2 holes left in the deck that are only there to hold the lid in the first place ! I think this `` lid '' may be why I find the receptacle open sometimes -LRB- my dogs are n't that smart , plus there is never anything in there anyway ! -RRB- Also , you have to remove that lid before you can lift out the receptacle , which means I 'm touching even more parts than I care to each time . I am taping over the holes to see if not using the lids will help . Someone would probably break a paw if I just left the holes empty.I empty daily , and I also have to scoop it daily . It might as well not even work , I am spending more time scooping it -LRB- and cleaning the rake -RRB- than if I just scooped a regular litter box.I am a devoted Roomba -LRB- robotic vacuum -RRB- owner , and have a house full of gadgets . I have taken apart my share of them , so I 'm not one of those helpless types . If you want to spend money on something to make life easier , get a red Roomba -LRB- keep it away from litter , but it is great on cat hair under the couch -RRB- . This litter box is just not worth it.Don ' t waste your money !
 We bought the LiterMaid Mega Self-Cleaning litter box one month ago . Only one of our three cats will use it -- the other two are afraid of it and will only use their old litter box , which I had kept in the room in anticipation of that happening . I have found that I still need to scoop the box after it rakes because it usually does n't scoop everything into the waste container . Also , the one cat that does use it tends to use a front corner of the litter box . The rake lifts up and misses the waste at that point . I think the rake needs to be positioned lower so it will do a better job . Also , because he uses that front corner the waste builds up on that side of the waste container and I have to keep evening it out in the container so the lid closes.The electronic ionizer worked fairly well , but the carbon bags would not stay attached to the top of the waste container and would always fall into it after 1 day . I tried attaching velcro to the lid and a carbon bag , but that did n't work either.I had read a number of reviews of this litter box and was careful not to put too much litter in it for fear the rake would not work properly . I generally had to keep adding a little more litter on a daily basis -- something I never had to do with a manual litter box . I think the box needs to be designed differently so as to accommodate more litter and allow the rake to work more efficiently.We have been using The World 's Best Litter for quite some time , and it did work well because it has hardly any dust and clumps the best of any litter we have used . I would not consider using any other litter with this box because of the short 10 minute timeframe before it rakes.I did find that using plastic grocery bags with the handles cut off to line the waste containers eliminated the need to buy additional containers and worked quite well , but I had to change the bags every other day which became time-consuming and a nuisance . If all three cats had used this litter box I 'm sure I would have had to change it on a daily basis.On numerous occasions litter wound up all over the carpet around the box , so I was constantly vacuuming . In addition , I was constantly using the little brush that comes with the litter box to brush the litter that would accumulate on the interior sides of the box and the edge of the waste container . I ended up spending a great deal of time cleaning up after this litter box , which is not what I had intended.All in all I think this litter box requires far too much monitoring and maintenance , so we have packed it up and are going to return it . My life will be much simpler and my cats will be a lot happier without it .
 I might as well have a plain old litter box for my cat . More times than none I have to manually scoop the waste from this unit . It seems that the motor is not strong enough to properly push the waste to the pan . With the litter box filled to the proper level with premium clumping litter the unit does n't work . When the cat uses it then covers up her mess , she scoops the litter into a pile that the motor ca n't get through . I have tried to vary the amount of litter in the box but there have been very few times that the system has worked properly . Once you get to the minimum level the motor has a hard time scraping the urine clumps from the bottom of the unit . I thought it may have been a defective unit and exchanged it for a new one with no improvement . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 I opened the box . Did the minimal assembly AND read the instructions . The auto-scooper kept on running and running and running . It says it was supposed to go through 1 cycle -LRB- maybe 1 or 2 passes ? -RRB- but it did n't stop . I unplugged it and plugged it back in . Same thing . I added more/less kitty litter , same thing . So I returned it . I will order another Littermaid box and hope that the new one does n't have the same problems .
 Do not purchase the Littermaid Mega ! I had previously owned two Littermaid litter boxes that had lasted 3-4 years each . This model is so very disappointing.-Motor is too weak to move large clumps-The rake does n't reach the bottom resulting in broken clumps and build up-The rake does n't get close enough to the waste receptacle making smaller clumps fall back in the box and get pushed back behind the rakeI purchased the `` Mega '' model when our last Littermaid went out because we have 2 cats now and thought that the bigger size would be better . I wish I would have just bought the original model instead . As mentioned earlier this model has major problems that make it more work than just having a normal $ 5 litter pan that you scoop every day . If you are thinking of buying the `` Mega '' model I would n't . I am so disgusted that I have wasted over $ 100 on this product .
 I 've bought two LitterMaid automatic litter boxes , the last one being the `` Mega '' model . Neither worked . The first one raked endlessly despite following all the poorly-written instructions . This last one simply does n't rake at all unless you turn it off and on , and even then it does n't always cycle . Useless . The company 's customer service department is always `` unavailable '' , closed , or so busy they leave you on hold for 30 + minutes and never respond to messages .
 It works for a week then you actually have to do the work . breaks up the mess , rakes poorly , noisy , not santiary , stinks .
 I 've had two of these . The first one lasted 3 days and was returned because it was defective ; the second one lasted about 8 months . Considering the cost , that 's a pretty poor life span . Clunky , noisy and difficult to clean , while I think the overall concept is good , this thing is very poorly designed . If you have one cat that does n't use the litter box that much , you might get your money 's worth out of this product , otherwise , do n't get your hopes up .
 The theory behind this litterbox is genius , but it does n't work as advertised . My cat urinates in the back corner , and the rake never could get it . It would scrape off part of the clump , which would get stuck to the rake , but it would leave the majority of it in the corner . The clumps would stick the bottom of the pan , and it was a real pain to clean them off . I had to scoop this litterbox and clean the rake off 4 times in the two days I used it , which is twice as much as I scoop my regular litterbox in a whole week ! Do n't waste your money .
 We bought this about 9 months ago , primarily to keep the dog out of the litter box . But it 's just not good enough . Here 's why :1 -RRB- The unit is large , 35 '' long when fully assembled , but the actual space that the cat can do its business is very small , only 15 '' long .2 -RRB- Because the actual working space is small , one time the cat `` missed '' and urinated all over the trap cover . Not only was it a huge mess to clean up , but now the cat will not urinate at all in that box .3 -RRB- The traps are such a flimsy thin plastic that the manufacturing process that puts it into the box bends it out of shape , and then it does n't fit properly into the receptacle . And you ca n't bend it back into shape . I end up having to tape the trap to the receptacle . If I do n't , litter gets all over the floor .4 -RRB- The motor is not powerful enough , even plugged in . If the litter level is barely more than half-way to the `` full '' line , the motor is unable to power the rake through it . It will try three times and then just give up .5 -RRB- Everything has to be bought separately -- the special litter -LRB- ca n't use other brand clumping litter or you 'll be sorry -RRB- , the special plastic traps , the special carbon filters , and the upkeep gets expensive .6 -RRB- Feces is constantly getting trapped in or behind the rake . It sometimes takes longer to clean the rake than it would have been just to clean out the litter box in the first place .
 The items does n't scoop out have of the waste as it states it will . Everytime my cat used the box it would only remove a very small portion of the waste and scrape the remaining behind the tines and we would have to take it apart and clean it everyday . I even used the litter they recommended.What a waste of money .
 When it works it is a godsend . The problem is it dies after 4 + months . I have gone through two of them and both stopped working !!!! . Do n't waste your money .
 I had a LitterMaid for years . My first one -LRB- small -RRB- broke in about 8 months , so they sent me a new one - the Mega ! I had good luck with their customer service , unlike most people.But after a while I realized I was spending way too much time scraping off the rake and the bottom , and getting woken up too much when it jammed and just ran back and forth.I decided I needed a change , so I did a bunch of research and changed both my litterbox and litter.The best automatic litterbox currently available is the Litter Robot -LRB- www.litter-robot.com -RRB- . It 's very expensive but very low maintenance . Check out the comments at www.litterbox-central.com -LRB- yes , seriously ! -RRB- . Please do n't buy a LitterMaid ; either stick with a cheap normal litterbox , or spend a little extra to do it right with a Litter Robot .
 Bought a factory refurbished one despite the legendary dubious quality on these things . It was the BIG model and I have one little cat . It worked fine for 5 months , then it started missing 50 % of the cat 's visits . I took it apart and cleaned it thoroughly , again it worked fine for a month . Then it just stopped raking at all . I called customer service , who tried to tell me that the amount of time you left the device unplugged from power made a difference in the `` level of reset '' it goes through . For example , unplugging it for 2-3 minutes made it do something different than unplugging it for 10 + minutes.Whatever.I left it unplugged for a week , it never worked again . The customer service rep told me `` your best option is to just go buy a new one ! '' I can see how the company makes their money now.THIS IS A GREAT IDEA , BUT A LOW-QUALITY PRODUCTOLDER MODELS REPORTEDLY WORK SEVERAL YEARSNEW MODELS WORK A FEW MONTHS - THEN DIEBEWARE REFURB MODELS - You will see dealers selling * HUNDREDS * of these as refurbished items . That should be your first warning . These things do n't last.You can save your money and just use the Crystals litter with your cat , or buy one of the $ 9.99 toilet training kits at any pet store and avoid litter altogether . DO NOT get suckered in by these junky items !
 I took a chance and purchased the almighty littermaid a while ago . To my dismay I have found this product to be a futile investment . After two weeks of improper cleaning and extensive spreading of litter from my 3 cats outside of the box , I could not take it anymore . The main problem would have to be the motors lack of power and the exposed adapter wire for it . My cats while taking care of business inadvertently scratched and shredded the power line that leads into the motor . Without much effort the overpriced littermaid became a rather large and stank filled paper weight . I would not and will not purchase or suggest other people to purchase this expensive and disheartening product .
 I had the littermaid mega for approximately 2 months before it broke . The little wheels the push the door up and open the receptacle to hold the cat droppings broke completely off , and it happened while I was on my honeymoon , so I came home to a poo filled littermaid and some unhappy cats!I would never reccommend this to anyone !
 Had the item working for 2 weeks without a problem . The cat left a larger than usual package in the litter and the self cleaning bar stopped without moving the litter . The line that attaches the bar to the engine snapped and I now have a litter box with a self cleaning bar mid-way through the box . Needless to say , this is a waste of money .
 We 've had this product for a few years now . It 's definitely better than manual scooping , but has tons of its own hassles -- enough so that now that our unit has died , we 're going to replace it with a Litter Robot .1 . You must fill the litter level to EXACTLY the right level . Too much , and the underpowered motor just ca n't push through it . Too little , and there 's not enough to clump , so you get gunk all over the bottom of the box . Of course , since the cats are * using * the litter , that means that there 's frequently not enough , unless you add a little bit every day . Also , cats do n't usually respect the device 's need to have the perfect amount of litter spread evenly over the whole bottom of the unit . They dig , and then the litter is too deep in one area , and again , you 're stuck .2 . You must use expensive cat litter . Cheap stuff does n't clump well enough .3 . Even the expensive cat litter clumps have a tendency to get , er , broken up and all gooey over the rake , clogging it . Major pain in the butt to clean , and it happens frequently . A clogged rake also dumps all the clean litter into the receptacle .4 . It 's loud . Even hidden away in our laundry room , it tends to freak out visitors . The cats , however , got used to it quite quickly .5 . Proprietary waste receptacles are expensive . We solved this problem by simply reusing them many times -LRB- taking them out and dumping them into a garbage bag -RRB- .6 . It 's difficult to remove the waste receptacle to empty or dispose of it -LRB- whether you reuse them or not , you have to take them out -RRB- without getting gunk all over your hands and all over the floor . It 's held in place by lots of little flanges , and there 's not really a neat way to get it out . The plastic is pretty flimsy -- a full container is not very structurally sound . It 's just very hard to pick up and move this thing without spilling , and we 've had lots of practice trying .7 . The receptacle is small and fills up rapidly , especially if you have two cats . Worse , since many cats like to use a particular area of the box , it fills up unevenly -LRB- all on one side -RRB- . Again , this makes it extremely difficult to clean without a big mess .8 . The dumping mechanism is n't particularly neat about how it dumps the litter into the receptacle . There is always litter -LRB- often bits of broken pee clumps ! ewwww -RRB- all over the floor around the receptacle . It 's really a pain to clean .9 . The overall quality of the engineering is poor . Our unit did not work right out of the box , and after getting absolutely no help from customer service , I ended up fixing the problems myself . We were * never * able to use it under battery power -- combining the underpowered motor with anything other than completely fresh batteries was a complete failure . Plugged in , it works some of the time , but the motor just is n't powerful enough to move the litter and clumps , nor is it powerful enough to reliably climb back up into its hangar.Basically , this is a moderately useful product . It 's better than manual scooping ... but not by much . It does not solve the problem for pregnant women who need to avoid contact with the cat litter , nor does it solve the problem for people who want to not have to deal with the litter box all the time .
 I am all for making life easier , but this just did n't cut it . I only have one cat , and keeping up with the conventional box was n't much of a problem , dispite being somewhat disabled with MS. I bought a littermaid in hopes of cleaning the box once or twice a week.The good points ... . My cat loved it . She actually went back to the litterbox room just before the 10 minute timer activated the rake . She loved watching the machine work . I too thought it was great the first few times it raked and dumped , but ... The bad points ... . It was very poor at getting the entire area raked . The dump was incomplete and the rake would go back with some of the material still on . Over the course of the day it would accumulate , and need sifted and the rake cleaned . -LRB- I had to do that with my old set-up . -RRB- Before long I had to vacuum everyday , and even worse , at times when the rake was moving it would throw litter clumps out of the box.I went back to the old fashon box . The cat misses the entertainment but I do n't miss the mess . I wasted money on the way too expensive box , not to mention the overpriced bins , charcoal , premium litter etc. . My rate of 1 star is actually generous .
 Worked great for a week . What a waste of $ 200 -LRB- I got the `` Mega '' -RRB- . **** update ***** After my disaster with the Mega I broke down and bought the `` LitterRobot '' for $ 400 -LRB- I travel and an automated litterbox is a must , not an option -RRB- . Extremely well built but the cats wo n't get near it . The kitten loves it but is n't heavy enough to `` trip '' it so I have to initiate the cycle myself -LRB- not handy when I 'm gone -RRB- . I saw the `` Plus '' version of the LitterMaid at Walmart for $ 88 and decided to give it a try . What a little dynamo . It 's smaller than the Mega but it almost seems like the motor size was the same . Everything the Mega did was a struggle but in this smaller version it 's doing great !!!! This has been a godsend . The `` Plus model '' can plow through anything . Takes up much less room -LRB- note to the LitterMaid designers - bigger may have sounded like a better sell but my cats only get in it one at a time -RRB- . And if it goes out , at least it was n't $ 200 . This version gets FIVE STARS from me !
 I am embarassed to say that I have purcased 3 Litter Maid Mega 900 Models and every single one died and untimely death right after the warranty period had expired . I liked the idea of the Litter Maid even though there were some `` issues '' with it . Like clumping of poo on the rake that would cause it to go over and over again . Cleaning the unit was a nightmare ! I must say though I will not be buying a 4th one after the failure of the 3rd one I feel like the biggest fool in the world ! Whats the old saying Fool me twice shame on me ! Well after 3 SHAME ON ME ! I wonder how many of these are clogging up landfills across the country ?? I wo n't be buying a 4th one !
 The idea behind this is great , but it does not deserve it . If your cat only has very firm `` business '' then it works well . Every `` loose or wet '' `` business '' sticks to the rake and becomes a huge mess to clean off . I would rather dump and regular litter pan then get in up close to clean the tines on the rake regularly . Also , if there is a big `` business '' the rake gets jammed . The first box died after 3 days and Amazon replaced it immediately ! Sorry to say that the box has not worked for me .
 The old Littermaid design was fantastic . The new improved Littermaid does not work . Do not waste your money . You will be pi . . ed off . All the old reviews were about the OLD STYLE Littermaid.Save your money until Littermaid returns to their original design.I am a long time Littermaid User . No Longer !!!!
 I 'm giving this 1 star only because there is no option for fewer . Maybe this litter box works for cats who always go in the center of the box , but for those that go more towards the side , this is a real waste of money and I have spent more time cleaning it than I would have to spend on a regular litter box . Also , if your cat has large pees , the chances are that the waste receptacle wo n't close as the clump will get stuck and the lid wo n't come down - not pleasant for us or the cats . The rake and the sides are extremely difficult to clean properly . Besides which - this is so noisy that , if you have the litter box anywhere near a sleeping area , you 'll want to switch it off at night .
 I had a littermaid a couple of years ago that lasted me for a year and did great . I am not sure what is wrong with this type we had it for a whole week then it stopped working . Do yourself a favor and do NOT get this .
 I have had three littermate kitty pottys . You 'd think I would have learned after the first two . It 's such a great idea to have a Loo which sweeps the poop into a closed container ... wrong !!! My cat pees straight toward the back and gets the automatic rake soaking . When it moves forward , it accumulates a large blob of clumped litter which sticks in the tines of the rake and wo n't come off unless I go with the cleaner tool and manually clean off the tines . This happens once or twice a day . It works ok for solids , but terribly for liquid waste . Not a good design . I have tried to contact the company to no avail despite 60-70 minutes on the phone ... from these waits , I get a canned response which has no bearing on my problem . They are impossible to contact by phone . I wo n't buy # 4 and am sorry I bought the first three.Wishful User
 This was my 3rd Litter Maid . The first two lasted a little over a year each . It was worth it to me not having to clean a litter box everyday . This one did not work out of the box . I followed the setup directions and plugged it in . The rake just started going back and forth non-stop . After a little investigation , I found a limit switch that tells the electronics that the rake is in the `` home '' position . If I pressed my finger on this switch very hard , the rake would finally stop . DO NOT buy this model from this seller . It 's junk !
 When we first bought this unit we thought it would be great . We had the older Litter Maid that lasted about 4 years before it finally broke down so we bought this as a replacement . It worked great for the first few weeks . After that the gears would slip and it sounded like there was a toy uzi going off in my bathroom . It would get stuck and just sit there and click . The older model 's rake arm would just retract while this one would just keep trying and the gears would just keep clicking . I bought the Ever Clean premium litter that costs $ 20 a box and when that did n't seem to work , I bought the Litter Maid premium clumping litter , which did n't make much difference either . This unit does not work for a long period of time . BUYER BEWARE .
 Product arrived , plugged it in . Jammed . Mechanism moves a little , then rejams.What a waste of money . Bought from ORANGE ONIONS.They refused the return , told us to contact the manufacturer.Nice ... They ended the email with `` We truly appreciate your business and hope you willcontinue to shop at OrangeOnions , where you get the products you loveat deals you ca n't resist ! `` Trust me , I can resist .
 I previously had a Mega which worked a couple years . This one was a Total Disaster . Never could get rake to work , Littermaid customer service -LRB- once you finally get to is -RRB- was of little help and Orange Onion -LRB- do n't buy anything from them -RRB- sucked . They could n't care less , at least Littermaid apologized -LRB- on one of my three calls -RRB- . Keep in mind , if you buy it and return it , do it through Littermaid . You only need to send back the battery cover and that blasted pull wire . To get that out -LRB- NO help from Littermaid ! -RRB- , unscrew every single screw and once you get your hands on that wire , do n't let it go ! Or you have to take out the rest of the screws by the battery compartment . I wasted hours and hours on this . If only they had a good competitor . They 're sending me the only thing available , the latest model that most people here seem to hate . sigh . . if it does n't work , I 'm giving up totally on Littermaid . I have two cats , so it had its uses .
 How dreadfully disappointing . I have wanted a self-cleaning litter box for years now , with 5 kids and 19 animals to take care of on our farm . As one reviewer said , getting this litter box to clean up after my 2 cats is as easy as getting my 8 year old to clean the box . The motor is unbelievably loud and screechy - it wakes me up several times a night , and is not even in my room . Yes , you can program it to stop during the night , thank goodness.The rake only dumps clumps in the general vicinity of the collection box . It does a great job of dumping litter on the sides , and underneath the collection box , however . I spend a hour a day sweeping the floor under and around this heavy , cumbersome machine.It is also huge - takes up at least twice the space of a normal box.It 's basically awful . I ca n't really think of anything good to say about it .
 After One year of owning this littermaid . The littermaid ate my cats tail as she passed her load . She ripped through my house with the box attached to her butt . So I had to break the litterMaid from her . She is now afraid of even the regular old litter boxes . I think it gave her mental issues !
 I bought the most expensive clumping litter I could find to make sure I had all the advantage of the technology . The first 2 or 3 times the box did it 's thing the world was bright , birds sang and the room was free of any odor at all . Plus , Violet had nice , clean , newly raked litter to do her business in . Then the build-up took hold . The rake was caked in clumped litter which you really ca n't just scrape out with the `` triple-action-tool '' . There is a residue that clings to the rake that behooves you to remove the rake and give it a thorough scrubbing . It wo n't just rinse off . And this scrubbing is necessary every three or four visits your cat makes to the box . How pleasant . Secondly , if your cat prefers to urinate in the same spot in the box most of the time the clumping litter will adhere to the bottom of the box no matter how much non-stick cooking spray -LRB- I never tried the silicone spray thinking that a petroleum product would probably not be very good for Violet -RRB- you apply to the tray . So I have to dig around the bottom of the tray to release the urine-soaked lumps of gooey , caked-on litter two or three times a day . And let 's not mention the litter that gets liberally distributed throughout the appliance by the rake . It gets everywhere and it 's just one more thing you need to clean up.With Violet 's old litter-box all I did was change the litter and the liner every other day . I used to think that was a chore . It was paradise.This is a seriously high-maintenance product that has a waste receptacle which you can , understandably , only get from the manufacturer.If you want to create more litter-box duty for yourself then buy this thing.And by the way , I had to give this item one star because , otherwise , my review would have not been posted . If given my druthers it would have received no stars at all .
 I ` ved owned an earlier Littermaid LM900 that was purchased back in 2004 and I 've been very happy with it through all these years . Recently , I decided to buy another LM900 because my old one was getting worn out and the gears were starting to jump the tracks when the load was heavy . Unfortunately , the new one did work when I plugged it in . The light came on but the rake would simply not move . I had already disposed of the packaging so to return it might pose a problem.Fortunately , being somewhat of an electronics hobbyist I managed to figure out that the circuit board was defective . After about an hour with a soldering iron I managed to swap out the bad circuit board with the good one from my old LM900 . Everything works fine now . Nevertheless , I was very unhappy with this experience . The quality of the new one was definitely not as good as the old one . For instance , the old version made use of 2 pairs of good quality switches to detect the rake position whereas the new one only used 1 pair of cheap switches . Although I had loved it in the past , I would no longer recommend this product .
 I have had a Littermaid for about 2 and a half years . I love the convenience of being able to let my 2 cats use the box and clean it only weekly . The motor has functioned perfectly over the lifetime of the box , and I reuse the plastic receptacles until they break . The only problem is the cheap construction of the rake . The wheels break off of the end of the rake without fail after around 6 months . I am currently on my 4th rake . You can order them from their Fox International website for $ 40 a pop . Each rake gets assessed a $ 10 shipping fee , so ordering 2 will cost the same which is an incredible rip off . After 3 rakes , you have essentially paid to replace the box . I keep ordering them though , due to the convenience of the box .
 I would recommend avoiding this litter box at all costs . The premise and set up make sense ... However , it is executed poorly . The rake stopped working after 4 days . The bucket that pops up had the removable lid come off and it dumped litter on top and then all over the side .
 I used to own a LitterMaid - it lasted about a year and a half before the rakes started to get stuck during operation , unable to handle the load . And finally , while I was traveling one weekend , the rakes got permanently stuck and stripped the plastic gears . I managed to repair the thing once - -LRB- I 'm a mechanical engineer so it was easy taking the thing apart and repairing it , but it was n't exactly a hygienic task ! -RRB- - by removing the gears and reshaping the plastic teeth . It lasted another couple months like this , but since the plastic teeth were already shot , when the gears started slipping a second time , I just tossed the thing -LRB- metal gears would have prevented this problem or even LitterMaid selling replacement plastic gears would help -RRB- . For those of you who still have a Litter Maid and hate changing the trap , I discovered a method to make the task easier and much more pleasant . I 'd simply use one trap over and over again , and use a regular grocery bag as a trap liner . When the trap was full , all I 'd do was lift the grocery bag -LRB- leaving the trap locked in its position -RRB- , tie the handles and toss , and then replace with a new bag . The same plastic trap would last for several months -LRB- and I 'd only end up tossing it if it got dirty -RRB- . Since you never have to deal with removing the trap , it does n't get cracked and you never have to buy replacement traps -LRB- I still have about 8 of the 12 original ones that came with my Litter Maid -RRB- Overall my experience with the LitterMaid was a love/hate thing . It was my first exposure to automatic litter boxes so it was great that the cats always had a clean litter box to use . But I 'd never buy another one because of the problem of the plastic rakes getting clogged with sticky cat leavings -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- . When I 'd have to clean it , it was much more of a disgusting operation than a month of scooping cat litter with a regular scoop!I 'm in the process of looking for another automatic litter box and the best so far seems to be Litter Robot . I 'm doing more research but I think that 's probably what I 'll go with . The Cat Genie sounded like heaven until it actually went on the market . All I 've heard are problems with the thing , plus I strongly dislike any system that requires you to continue buying their refills -LRB- like Scoop Free and Cat Genie -RRB- .
 Having had 4 Littermaid units and performed many repairs on them I think I can offer some recomendations about them . -LRB- 1 first generation , 1 second generation , 2 third and latest generations -RRB- I am also an Electronic Engineer with 30 years experience in the field.First let me give the details , Usage
 This is FAR from a glowing recommendation . After having TWO , yes TWO littermaid boxes fail in the exact same manner and having to spend money to not only pay for postage on my equipment 's parts to the company but also for their postage back I am told -LRB- after I call them -RRB- that it will take up to two weeks to get my replacement . This does not include the two weeks for them to even process the replacement.I owned a littermaid product nearly 10 years ago that was exceptional . This company has failed in its product quality , its customer service -LRB- an altogether different fiasco of not only a flat out lie but also erroneous information that would have placed my return in limbo had I not confirmed with another rep -RRB- but also complete and total customer dissatisfaction . Not worth the time , effort , or money .
 I was absolutely IN LOVE with the automatic litter box idea . Having 5 cats , I was looking for some help with cleaning . Unfortunately , due to the fact that I DO have 5 cats , there is no `` good '' interval for cleaning . The revolving door to the litter box room meant someone is always actively USING the litter box or WAITING for their turn . I joke , but inevitably one of my cats would enter the room just as the box would start cleaning . One day this happened to be my black cat , who is stereotypically a little skittish . The preposterously loud BUZZSAW volume of the cat box freaked him out to the point where he would not even enter the room NEXT TO the room where the litter box was.Naturally , he still needed to use the restroom , so he made a point of telling me so , at 7am on my leg as I slept ... twice.We got rid of the box but the damage was done and to this day , two months later , he still does n't want to go into that room . We had to get another litter box and put it into the complete opposite end of the house.The product seemed to be alright , except for two things
 This machine never worked the way it was advertised to . It can not handle urine , the urine clumps and scooper gets caught on it . This stresses the motor out to were it resets itself , thus not scooping anything . Or if it does break through it , the clump crumbles to small enough pieces where it slips through the scooper and quickly starts to stink . I tried five different types of litter , nothing improved the machines performance . I ended up keeping a hand scooper and plastic bags available as I had to scoop and clean it myself . The plastic mounts on the scooper ended up snapping of after two months of use . The box is just messy and useless and hard to wash as you have to disassemble it . You might as well buy litter tray for $ 5 , it will function 100 times better . I use a plastic concrete mixing tray you can get at home depot for $ 6 . It looks just like a litter tray except it is about 2 ' x 3 ' . If you got the room this is the way to go.If you decide to buy this auto-box save the receipt . You will need itIf you want a good auto-box , get the one that uses the disposable trays with the blue crystals . That is a good auto-box .
 The first thing I noticed when our -LRB- 2 -RRB- cats began using the LitterMaid was the odor . We did n't have litter box odor before but when the mechanical box scooped the litter into the small receptacle , the odor became intense . Then there was the extra time we spent keeping the LitterMaid clean , and all the loose litter that ended up underneath the trap area . We began spending money on extra mats , canvas , screens , anything that would make the LitterMaid more private and cleaner . We realized we were spending excessive money to make this litter box work for us , and unusual amounts of time cleaning up the mess the litter box was making instead of simply cleaning up after our cats , which was n't nearly as difficult or time consuming . We just bought a new box called Clevercat which we are very pleased with .
 I never should have bought this . It clumps up and many times the unit gets stuck . You have to keep buying the plastic trays . I ended up throwing it out and just getting a regular litter box . It sounds great but it is n't . -LRB- I only have one cat too ! -RRB-
 I bought this thinking it would help with both cats . Well , I plugged it in and the only way it works is if I turn it off and on . Then it seems to get off track and I have to move it back in line.I would n't recommend this for any cat lover .
 Please notice that the cat has to step over it feces , because the litter is dragged towards the front of the machine . How hard would it have been to design it so the litter was pushed to the back if the unit instead ? Terrible to clean , god help you if you happen to `` let it go '' a bit , which is the very idea behind this loser . We do have two big rural cats , A 12 and 20 pounder , & they are hard on any litter box set up , but really , this thing is a terrible design , poorly executed ...
 Like the other diappointed buyers , I threw mine out because I would feel bad reselling it to another disappointed buyer . Just avoid it . If it sounds too good to be true , it really is . I do it by hand now and it feels so much easier than trying to clean this piece of garbage .
 when i got it i loved it for about 3 days . then it began clogging up and getting disgustingly dirty . NO ONE i 've ever met , and i do animal rescue work , has ever kept this and used it . want to get one that really works ? go to http://litter-robot.com/ and check out the message board at http://www.litterbox-central.com this was a great resource for me . i was obsessed with fining a solution to the litterbox oder and time it took . litter robot has been a great product for me ... for now nearly a year and on the litterbox central forum you can see testimonials from other users who are happy for longer . 3 weeks for this crummy littermaid or a 18mth warrenty and many happy users with the LITTER-ROBOT
 The Littermaid Mega is absolutely one of the worst purchases I have ever made . In less than two months time , the unsubstantial motor has burned out completely . Litter Maid claims that the boxes should need to be emptied every five days for one cat . Well , I have two cats and had to empty the box two times daily . The Litter Maid is good for controlling odors when it works , but it constantly jammed and then shut down -LRB- and I used a recommended brand of premium cat litter -RRB- . After a few weeks of this load , the tiny -LRB- and very loud -RRB- motor simply gave up . I 'm waiting to hear from Litter Maid regarding warranty repair/replacement , but I suspect I 'll end up returning to a traditional $ 5.00 litter tray . The overall concept of the Litter Maid is good , but without sturdier components , it ends up being trash in no time .
 I wish I had read some of the other reviews of this crappy product before I bought it . We have two cats and thought this would be the solution to dealing with cat litter everyday . How wrong we were !! The rake was constantly getting stuck and clogged with used litter clumps - this requires you to scrape the clump off the rake -LRB- much more up close and personal than I like to be with cat crap -RRB- . This will especially be a problem if your cats tend to use the bathroom in the same place in the box -LRB- which also requires you to redistribute the waste in the receptacle at least once a day -RRB- . This , combined with the relatively small amount of litter that you can use , made the odor much worse than with a regular box we cleaned every day.So , as I see it , this thing is actually MORE work than just cleaning the litterbox once a day ... with no payoff . Not to mention the cost of the thing and its pricey receptacles .
 I purchased this product and after three months the rake would not stop -- according to the manufacturer , it was a dirty sensor . After cleaning everything , they instructed me to return the item for a new replacement . The replacement lasted one month . I give up !
 The biggest problem with this litter box is that sooner or later you will have to take it apart and clean the rake . That is messier than scooping and much dirtier . Overall I spent twice the total amount of time using this than just plain scooping and four times the trouble .
 i purchased this item hoping it would be useful . I was wrong . You constantly have to scrap the rake , big clumps get stuck to it . The litter also gets stuck to the bottom despite using a non stick spray . the recepticles also get full very quickly . I have 3 cats and I would change the recepticle everyday , it was full and always dirty to touch . the customer service is also horrible , you have to call about 4 diffrent numbers before you actually speak with someone understandable and halpful . I defenitly do n't recemend this product .
 This piece of crap was a complete waste of my money . I 've thrown it away and gone back to the good old fashioned litter box . It did n't make my life any easier as it is a huge pain to clean . The self cleaning litter box is a good idea but this one has major design flaws . First , the poop receptacle needs to be much bigger . I only have one cat and it starts over flowing in less than one week . This results in me having to clean up litter from between the litter box and the incredibly stupid `` tent '' which is the second design flaw . With my -LRB- ... -RRB- litter box , the top part latches down on to the pan so none of the waste can go outside . With the littermaid you have to slide the heavy pan into the tent . This is not a simple task as they did n't even design the tent opening to be wide enough for the pan to easily slide in and out . The third major design flaw is rather than pulling out the plastic bag whenever you want to completely clean the litter box , with this piece of crap you can expect to invest a significant amount of time as you have to pull the heavy thing out of the tent and figure out how to get the litter out of it -LRB- either scoop it out cup by cup or find a place where you can dump the whole thing -RRB- and then you can have fun scaping crap off the bottom of it . Please do n't make the same mistake as I did , SAVE YOUR MONEY !!
 I am not happy with my LM900 Littermaid Mega at all . I 've had it for about 6 weeks now .1 . The teeth on the rake are to far apart . A lot of the terds just slip in between the teeth for me to clean up .2 . The pan is n't deep enough . All the urine gets stuck to the bottom of the pan ... for me again to clean up .3 . The instructions say to use non stick cooking spray or silicone to keep the terds and urine from sticking to the bottom of the pan and rake . WRONG ! I 've put a little non stick cooking spray like they said to do . And then I put a lot non stick cooking spray . It still sticks to the rake and bottom of pan . Not sure what silicone they 're talking about but I do n't see how that could be healthy for my cats .4 . I would say for every 10 times my cats use the Littermaid LM 900 the rake actually scoops it up and deposits it into the plastic waste receptacle maybe 6 times . It usually ends up stuck to the rake or the bottom of the pan .5 . It is pretty easy to clean and the litter box is a tad bit cleaner then my old one but definitly not worth what I spent on it . For that money it should scoop and deposit the waste everytime without fail . It does n't . The only reason I 'm still using the Littermaid LM 900 is because I threw out my old litter box and have n't had time to go buy another one . Not worth it .
 This litterbox was the worst product I ever spent my money on ! I 've owned it for about two months and the rake wont retract back to its resting place . When it did work , the rake flung the little clumps all over the place . I spent more time cleaning after this box then I did my old box . And it did n't contain the oder that much better then the manual litterbox . I 've already decided to go back to my old litter box and get rid of this one . Anyone want to buy a slightly used LitterMaid ?
 I just got my Litterbox today and have not seen it in action yet . In hopes I shall stay . Best Of Luck All !
 The entire design of the whole Littermaid series of self-cleaning boxes is unfortunately flawed . After owning 3 different models of these cleaners , I would recommend a deep box , non-motorized , and a good scooper .
 The Littemaid Lm900 was the worst investment , I 've ever made ; just like the review , from Mr Wm C Havener , the same exact scenario happens to me ; it 's very noisy , I 'm still , trying to figure out , what the job of the ionizer is ; I end up cleaning the box -LRB- daily ! -RRB- , and that 's for what the box does n't pick up.Shame on Littermaid , for this inferior piece of junk !
 This produce may look like a time saver , but when it runs the smallest amount of waist will kill the motor and the system will keep on reversing and keep on trying to pick it up . When it does finally do so it only will pick up half of the wait . There is no way of cleaning it . Do n't waist your money on this , if you are looking for a good automatic litter box check out the Litter-Robot .
 Works great if you are fine with paying $ 100 + for a litter box that will only work for 3 months ... and forget about any customer service . What a waste of money !!!
 If you like making a job twice as hard than it should be
 Do not spend 109 dollars on this product , it is simply not worth it . It is no less maintenance than a regular litter box . The motor is incredibly weak , even when filled to the correct specification I would have to go in and scoop waste out because I suppose it was to heavy , and the rake would just stop . If I had only kept my receipt for this I would n't have it anymore . If you do purchase this product , make sure you keep your receipt and your old litter box , chances are you will be using it again .
 1 . The motor is too weak . It needs to be twice as powerful . It jams too easily even when you fill it with litter to the appropriate level .2 . The receptical tray is too small , so I purchased as seperate `` slide and toss '' for it . It is 80 % bigger and can be lined with plain grocery store plastic bags .3 . I wish it had a hood as well as an ion filter . Although the charcoal bags were O.K. , adding an ion filter would be much better .4 . I wish there was a way to control the litter mess that escapes the box .5 . The tines get clogged very easily . I had to buy a coarse steel brush to unclog them .
 2-yr followup
 I purchased my first Litter Maid 10 years ago and it worked fine for a number of years with our 3 cats . Naturally , when the time came to purchase a new one , I purchased a new LM . I was delighted to see what I thought were improvements to the product - removable comb , with metal teeth . This LM does not seem to have the `` horsepower '' or strength to push the litter up and over into the receptacle . The litter gets stuck in the main pan and I have to scoop by hand . Somehow , I think the new design comb has something to do with it . While its great to be able to remove the comb to clean , it does not move the litter . For the most part , I end up scooping the litter by hand anyways . It was a waste of money .
 This is my third Littermaid product . I would not have bought it if I had a problem with them at the time , but now I have a pretty significant problem and doubt I 'll ever buy another . I bought the device in September . In November a guide wheel on the rake broke . I contacted the service provider by e-mail , who asserted that my one year warranty had expired after two months . I called the service provider , who agreed that my warranty was still in effect and sent a new rake . The new rake arrived after about a week and a half . I installed it and everything was fine . For a week . Now the motor unit does not function without manual intervention . The unit has power -LRB- lights are on -RRB- , but no movement or even sound from the motor . I found that the motor unit is connected to the power supply by a ribbon cable that sort of loops around itself . By inserting a device between the track and the outer shell the motor works , once . The cable is not accessible without partially disassembling the litter box.I suspect that the device was over-engineered . It is not amenable to minor repairs . It was a poor investment . The older ones were much better . I hoped that by getting the most advanced unit with the highest model number I 'd be getting the best . I was wrong .
 Worked great for 6 months and then just stopped working . I went from very pleased to very disappointed over night .
 We have two of these cages for our two teddy bear hamsters and they have each managed to escape with all of the closures securely latched . One of them managed to separate the tube that goes up the back from the enclosure on the top . The other somehow squeezes through the bars . We are ditching these cages in favor of something more secure as I am sick and tired of looking for/trapping my hamsters .
 Got this cage yesterday , was fairly easy to put together . Our hamster escaped from it the first night he was in it . Not sure why they do n't put a lock latch on the top part of the enclosure . Lock seems sturdy on door of main cage . Apparently he pushed the top door open . Would have been nice if the top latch was more secure . Hope we find him . My daughter will be heartbroken .
 This cage is a horrendous product . As soon as I opened it I realized something was amiss . There was only one travel cage . There was n't even room on the roof of the habitat for a second cage -LRB- as there is in the product 's picture -RRB- . The single travel cage that came with it is of shoddy workmanship . One of the bars is broken , and it refuses to lock into the habitat.The front latch of the habitat had to be pried with a pair of pliers before it would even begin to open , it still requires too much force to open it even after it has been altered with the pliers . I understand it is supposed to lock , but it would require a feat of Herculean proportions to open without pliers.I bought this cage because one of my hamsters has had babies and I need to separate the male from her and her pups , but it is not worth purchasing unless you are in drastic need of a cage immediately and this is the only one available . The seller -LRB- I purchased from Amazon directly -RRB- is dishonest in the description of the product , and it is not even a well-made product to begin with .
 My daughter -LRB- 11 years old -RRB- wanted a pet rat . OK , I 'm open to trying new critters . Searched extensively for a quality home that would protect the pet from current cats in the house , ease of access for her , ease of cleaning , etc. . I purchased this product and the wires are appropriately spaced for a baby rat -LRB- not too wide -RRB- and putting it together was OK . The wheel attachment was missing from the parts and the box itself looked like it had been opened and banged up a bit.The baby rat is currently in his/her new home , when it is not being cuddled by my daughter . I would like to have had the wheel be usable though ! Also , the wires are very pliable and literally HAD to be bent BACK into shape for assembly . Frustration for my daughter , but learning patience and how to problem solve is always useful !
 I have had a LitterMaid litterbox for about 4 years now . The tent is a necessity for the Kitties ' privacy , to help with litter odor and litter fling control . However , I REALLY wish that LitterMaid would listen to it 's customers and make an alternate cover that somehow latches onto the top of the LitterMaid.Cons of current tent :1 . Because the box slides inside of it , litter tends to collect between the tent and the box . It would be much easier to keep clean if the tent was attached to the bottom of the box with no gaps , because then flung litter would fall directly back into the litterbox instead of into the tent .2 . The opening looks nice , but is not very practical - it is very difficult to get the litterbox in and out of the small odd-shaped opening for changing out the litter trays and routine cleaning .3 . The plastic rods that are used to construct the tent are not sturdy enough to withstand a cat jumping on top of the tent . My cats have broken these on numerous occasions . I have had to order new rods from Littermaid to replace the original ones .4 . I think it would be nice if there were more `` windows '' in the tent design , as it is awfully dark in the litterbox.pros :1 . It does provide some privacy and odor control .
 We bought three of these -LRB- we have three Littermaids -RRB- and two broke within the first day . One broke when I was putting it together -LRB- sheared the corner pieces when I tried to push it together -RRB- and the other when putting the litterbox in it.The litterbox does n't even fit through the opening ! It takes 30-60 seconds each time you clean it JUST TO GET IT OUT ! What a terrible , terrible , terrible , terrible , -LRB- did I mention I did n't like it ? -RRB- design .
 The only reason why I am giving it 1 star is because it wo n't let me give it a 0 star rating . The plastic rods they use to hold the tent together are of exceptionally poor quality and they broke in a few weeks . I do admit that my cats did sit on it occasionally , but hey , they are cats , they are n't smart enough to know that the tent would break ! Apparenlty , the geniuses who desgined these tents are not much smarter than my cats either . I am sure I can make a sturdier support structure using Legos !
 The problem with this tent is the construction . The poles that hold this thing together must be made from the spit from underage Chinese labors mixed with cotton candy for added structure . This tent ca n't stand on its own without breaking the poles . The canvas is too tight and crushed one pole when zipped . If you have a cat that likes to jump on things this tent will easily collapse under the weight of the smallest kitten . I have had to epoxy the ends of EVERY SINGLE pole in this kit to keep it together . At this point I have more money in epoxy than this tent is worth . I cant stress this enough , the poles will break , do n't buy it . Buy or build something , anything else.This tent also does not allow for easy cleaning , the zipper is a joke as its so hard to zip that doing it on a regular basis is not practical . One reason the zipper is too tight is a Littermaid litter box does not fit properly in this tent , the box is about 1/2inch wider than the base frame of the tent . It is possible to stuff one in but I would expect a better fit from a tent made by the same company as a the litter box its designed to fit . With the box being larger than the tent it makes sliding the box in and out impossible for cleaning , so removing the top , including the upper frame -LRB- you will break a pole every time its removed -RRB- is the only option for cleaning the box.TL ; DR
 We purchased one of these tents a number of years ago and it is still going strong . This one arrived with cracked support rods -LRB- different material than original -RRB- and the plastic is stiff and brittle . Contacted seller about rods and they promised to send replacement . After waiting quite some time , seller advised that their supplier was out of these and issued a credit . Nothing wrong with the seller other than slow on the follow up - the product is just not the quality of the original models .
 Some of the rods only fit loosely with each other . Also , the bottom of the tent nearly broke the framework . I had to leave the bottom of the tent off ... ONLY reason why I would recommend buying this is its size . I have a huge litter box and no other tent can fit it .
 I would not recommend this product to anyone . The pipes are very cheap and thin . They do not click together or even firmly adhere when assembling . Besides that , the vinyl lining was measured incorrectly and the two pieces -LRB- top and bottom -RRB- would not fit together in order to zip closed . I sent it back immediately .
 My personal opinion is that the plastic frame tubing is horribly cheep and fragile . I am a big DIY and have a lot of finesse putting things together and 2 of the plastic pipes spit in assembly with almost no force from me . The plastic tubing doesn &#8217; t hold together at all . When you try to take the plastic/vinyl cover off to change the litter half of the frame pulls off with it . You basically have to reassemble the whole thing every time you change your litter.If you &#8217; re not careful you &#8217; ll break more of the frame trying to zip the plastic cover over it . I have found that it is NOT worth the fight to try to zip it up at all . After 2 weeks and reassembling the thing every time I took it apart , along with more pipes breaking , I found that it works best if you throw away most of the frame and only use the bottom frame with a few upright frame pipes and gently lay the top over that . It looks like garbage but it still keeps the initial smell down after the cat does her duty.I would not recommend this to anyone . A big cardboard box would look better and be much more functional then this thing .
 I bought three of these ... NO GOOD ... the first time the cat decided to jump up on top of this the frame broke and there is no way to put it back together . After loosing all three of these to the cats jumping up I gave up.The frame is a joke .
 It was difficult to install the polls . they broke as I tried to stretch them inside the tent to open them up . I have put together pop up tents with much more ease and stability . I had to leave one pole out and to use electrical tape to secure the cracked poles.In addition to that , the littermaid unit did not fit well . I had purchased the multicat littermaid and the unit barely fit inside . I can not easily add new litter as it will not pull in and out . I also had to cut the front panels with a razor to flip up the entire front panels in order to pull the unit out even an inch.No way will I be able to take it apart to clean the plastic or the litter that has fallen to the floor of the tent . I need a tent , but this one stinks !!
 The zipper broke the first time we put this together . We managed to fix it , but we 'll have to be careful everytime we take out the littler box for cleaning . The old littermaid cover we had was made much better .
 Oh , I was so sad when this did n't work ! It seemed like the answer to my problem . I have a cat that marks his litterbox . so , I bought the tent hoping that even if he sprayed , it would be contained.For the first two weeks , everything was great . But when I moved the tent to clean the floor , I saw that the urine had seeped through the tent 's bottom and stained my hardwood floor.I still have n't gotten the smell completely out of the floor , and on top of that , the floor laminate is ruined .
 LitterMaid Cat Privacy TentI could n't get the two tent pieces close enough together for zipping.So I disassembled the poles , zipped the two pieces together , then reassembled the poles inside the zipped tent . I could n't get every pole attached , but the tent is standing and I use it.The tent flaps make it very difficult to empty the litter tray.I used a pair of scissors to make some cuts in the tent opening to fix this problem . Much better.Now that it 's standing , I like that that it is containing the cat litter . But I woudl n't buy it again .
 I ordered this item to go along with the litter box . I have an apartment and have to keep the box in a common area so the idea of the tent sounded like a good way to `` hide '' the cat box.Problem is , the vinyl tent does not fit the frame . Trying to zip the bottom and top half of the tent together was a 30 minute ordeal of pulling and stretching . Now that it 's together , the zipper is starting to unravel.Good idea , poor execution.Haven ' t had much luck with their litter boxes either .
 I 've had LitterMaids since they first came out , and had the very first LitterMaid privacy -LRB- and litter containing -RRB- tent . That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric . So I bought a new one . What an enormous mistake . The new ones do not fit the frame in any way , shape or form . I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight , and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they ca n't be zippered together !!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front , got the zipper started - and the zipper separated . Okay , put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin . The metal slider itself started to come apart . What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK . Do n't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents . It 's sad , the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly . Someone , somewhere , cut a few too many corners on this product . The whole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash .
 I 've had LitterMaids since they first came out , and had the very first LitterMaid privacy -LRB- and litter containing -RRB- tent . That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric . So I bought a new one . What an enormous mistake . The new ones do not fit the frame in any way , shape or form . I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight , and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they ca n't be zippered together !!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front , got the zipper started - and the zipper separated . Okay , put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin . The metal slider itself started to come apart . What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK . Do n't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents . It 's sad , the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly . Someone , somewhere , cut a few too many corners on this product . The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash .
 I ordered the tent a few weeks ago ... . and am surprised how poorly it works with the Littermaid box it was made to fit over . If you have the tent over the box , it does n't allow the litter receptacle to work - the hinges open up and get stuck on the sides of the tent and you have to manually keep shutting it . So I cut the front of the tent off -LRB- the end with the flaps that were supposed to velcro to the sides -RRB- . This helped a little , but basically we have to have the whole receptacle end of the box slid out of the tent and in plain sight . I would not recommend this tent to others .
 Extremely flimsy construction . The plastic support pieces wo n't hold up to the stress required to get the top and bottom zipped together . One of my supports bent and broke while trying to get it zipped . It seems like the cover is just a tiny bit too small for the frame .
 This tent is difficult to keep clean and somewhat fragile . The litter gets along the all the sides and under the waste receptacle . I vacuum around the receptacle every time I remove the waste and once a month need to take it apart to clean around the sides . It came with my Littermaid , but I think the one that attaches to the sides would contain the liter better , stay cleaner and not take up so much room . Also several of my plastic tent poles have broken and are difficult to repair . I 've tried Superglue combined with electrical tape without much success . For the price the whole unit should be of much better quality .
 How could I possibly have paid $ 35 for such a total piece of * $ # ! . It deserves Zero stars . The plastic frame is very cheap and flimsy , and the vinyl cover is too small for the frame . I 've only had the thing for 10 minutes , and it 's already ruined . First , the vinyl cover ripped open along the seam as I was trying to get it down over the frame . Then the plastic frame broke as I was trying to get the cover zipped together . Outrageous ! This is a piece of junk .
 I had this for 1 day before the plastic frame broke . It is made very cheap !
 The nylon zipper pulls apart . The controls are difficult to see without taking the whole item apart . I am not happy with the product and would not recommend it .
 The tent cover is too small for the post assembly . The zipper is defective and would not thread the teeth properly . I tried to get the cover on for over an hour before throwing it in the trash .
 Yes , in time the posts will break . This is usually because a naturally curious cat will jump on top of the tent , and the posts are n't designed to support this kind of weight . To fix this , build a replacement frame later using low cost PVC pipe and connectors that you can get at your local hardware store . After that , the tent will work great . As another reviewer mentioned , you do n't have to check the litter really , just measure out a cup or so per week and sprinkle it in there . You also do n't really have to unzip the tent or pull the litter box out . There 's enough room to flip the lid on the littermaid and replace the container if the box is shoved all the way back -LRB- which it should be for the curtain flaps to help prevent litter kickback into the room -RRB- . You will probably also want to vacuum underneath the litter box in the tent from time to time with a vaccum attachment or hand vac -LRB- again , no need to remove the box or unzip it really -RRB- . The tent is also made of a plastic/vinyl material that stands up to the washing machine on gentle cycle if you ever need to rinse it out for some reason . If the posts were stronger , this would 've been a perfect partner to the littermaid .
 I contacted the manufacturer who immediately shipped me a replacement . This replacement fit and worked perfectly ! No trouble zipping the two parts of the replacement together . It now works exactly as advertised and is great at helping contain litter to a smaller area , as well as hiding the litter box . Frame assembled easily and correctly . Note
 Every product that is made for littermaid -LRB- including the litter box itself -RRB- is made horribly . My litter box stopped working after 4 months of use and the tent is so cheaply made -LRB- plastic rods -RRB- that the zipper didnt even meet so I could zip the tent shut after assembly . It has taken me 2 months back and forth with the company so far and I have gotten nowhere . Save your money , you 'll be scooping in a few months again anyway !!!
 Once the stakes were assembled correctly , the tent would ' t fit around the stakes , it was to tight to zip , and the zipper broke in trying . The corners seemed to not fully extend . I was replacing an old tent I had that my plump kitty broke when climbing on top of it , so I just ended up using the stakes and putting the old tent back up with the new stakes . If I had n't had the old tent , I would 've had to replace the product completely , after it already took several weeks to receive it in the mail .
 This should be about a $ 10 item . It has good points , but is definitely not worth $ 30 . After assembling the frame I found that the tent was undersized and there was no way I could zip the bottom and top together . I thought maybe I had not assembled the frame tight enough so I went back through each connection to make sure I had all the connectors and poles tight . In the process one of the connectors broke . However , I am still able to use the tent with one corner broken -LRB- this is actully the only reason I can zip it -RRB- . It would have also been better had their been better access to the litter box , maybe through the top or a bigger opening on the front . It 's sort of a pain to take it apart everytime you want to change the waste . container or add litter .
 Excuse my French , but this is a piece of crap . Right after I assembled it , my cat jumped on top and it broke . Pfft .
 I also found the cover to be too small , and yes , our zipper broke also . Of course , Littermaid would not help out since I purchased it through Amazon . I wish I knew beforehand that you can not remove the waste catchers without first pulling the entire unit from under the cover , this is a major drawback . Because of the last item , I would not purchase the item again .
 I was astounded at the poor quality when I first purchased the Littermaid tent . Then again , comparing this to the littermaid cat box itself it seems that the company banks on having their products break so the customer will -LRB- buy another and -RRB- get a replacement . Putting the tent together was a nightmare , as the zipper broke and the tubing seemed too big for the plastic liner . The only good thing I can say is that we have had the tent for about a year and a half and my -LRB- big-boned -RRB- 15 lb cat makes the top of the tent a regular hang out spot . I wo n't tempt fate by saying it has n't b-r-o-k-e-n yet .
 The tent is made of two parts assembled with a zipper , that fit around a structure made of flimsy hollow plastic rods . The problem lies in the structure , which is not strong enough to withstand the weight of an average cat . If your cat likes exploring and climbing on top of things like most cats do , the frame will break quickly.If you 're minimally handy , you can very easily make yourself a much better structure using PVC piping and joints -LRB- they 're inexpensive and can be found in the plumbing section of any hardware store -RRB- . If your cat is heavy and a climber , I would strongly suggest not even bothering with the supplied frame and building your own right away.Another irritating problem is that replacing the waste receptacles is extremely inconvenient when the littermaid is in the tent.All in all , unless you absolutely have to hide the littermaid , this tent is poorly designed and more trouble than it 's worth .
 Well , I ca n't believe I was gullible enough to buy this . It broke after several months , never did the cleaning job correctly when it was working , and the tent is extremely flimsy . I just wanted to let prospective buyers know . I wish I had known before I spent that money ...
 DO NOT BUY !!! cheaply made , does not fit the box . Total garbage
 This is a flimsey product . My manx cat jumped on top of it and broke one of the corner brackets . The cover is difficult to use with the LitterMaid -LRB- that 's another annoyance -RRB- and the zipper to connect the bottom tray part to the top broke the first time we tried to connect it . The fit is so tight that plastic zipper ca n't take the strain .
 This was my second replacement . The tent is smaller than the interior plastic structure . When you go to zipper it , the zipper breaks and the tent becomes useless . This happend to me three times so the product must be defetive .
 The zipper on this product has itty-bitty teeth . The zipper actucally seperated during intial set up.Also , the vertical tubes are too long to allow the ten to fit over the frame of tubes.It does keep the litter dust in but you have to modify the kit right out of the box .
 The tent is great and does help keep litter down . The frame is cheap and cats do like to hop up on top of the tent plus you ca n't buy just an extra frame anywhere that I have found . I think they did this on purpose so that many people would just buy another tent . I have made one myself from small but very sturdy PVC pipe . If you are good with your hands its easy .
 This tent does not fit the newer models of LitterMaid automatic litter boxes . I have yet to hear whether or not there is a privacy tent that will fit .
 Our home has had Littermaid self cleaning boxes and Privacy Tents for the last five years . We recently ordered a new tent because we moved . The new tent poles are thinner -LRB- cheaper -RRB- and some of them actually arrived slightly bent . After assembly they bent more radically and finally after about two weeks the framework was bent and collapsing . I contacted the manufacturer and sent them photos . They told me they did n't have any of the older more substantial models and all they could do was ship out another tent . I also tried a do it yourself fix by trying to locate new pvc pipe at the hardware store and guess what !? ... the diameter is neither 1/2 '' or 3/8 '' - it is non-standard . This product has become totally useless . Do n't wait your time or money or emotional energy with this purchase . You will be aggravated .
 I bought this to go with the litter box and it was horrible . It was a pain to put together and it did n't even fit the frame properly . I had it no more then 2 months before I had to throw it away because it fell apart and ripped .
 The tent I am using is a replacement for the original tent I ordered on September 24 . When I put the tent together , it tore as I put it onto the plastic braces . They sent me another one -LRB- after an extremely rude customer service agent -RRB- . About March , the zipper began to seperate . Tonight , it seperated completely . Unfortunately , there is no way to change the litter in the box without unzipping the top and removing the cover . So , the zipper can not withstand the wear and tear . I 'm going to try to get customer service to send me another one , as this is the only tent that will fit my model of littermaid . I have learned ... this is WAY too much hassle ... when this busts , I 'm going back to the old-fashion box !
 I purchased 3 of these . Put together the first one and before it was totally put together one of the plastic tabs/braces broke ! The cover is too tight of a fit over the plastic frame and when zipping the two sections of the cover together over the frame , a tab/brace did n't stand up to the pressure . NOT happy about this . Trying to decide on whether to return the remaining two , or contact the manufacturer . Not worth the money spent .
 The plastic pieces for the base of the tent are flimsy and cheap . The tent would not zip together over the tent base . When I tried to zip up the tent two of the supports broke at the front of the tent and it wo n't stay up . There is no way to fix the broken pieces and the tent will not zip up together . What a waste of money ! Do n't waste your money buying this LitterMaid Cat Privacy Tent , it will break into pieces within the first 5 minutes .
 This tent is AWFUL ! We ordered this for our Litter Maid Elite and after 45 minutes of trying to get the zipper zipped on this `` tent '' , we come to realize the litterbox will not fit in this thing and can not be taken out easily for cleaning . Forget about being able to unzip to clean the box - the zipper does not come together in some places so you have the chance of litter making its way onto the floor.I always read reviews and try to not pay too much attention to the negative reviews , but this thing truly deserves no stars insted of the one I had to give it .
 The things that broke before it was done being assembled :1 . The cheap plastic frame2 . The cheap flimsy zipper3 . The cheap plastic canopyI wish I had kept the box so I could have returned it . In addition to it being cheap and flimsy , once it is on , it is so difficult to clean the cat litter box that it renders an automatic litter box useless . Just cleaning out the litter box would be a backbreaking , messy task . A cardboard box placed over a litter box with a hole in it would be a better investment than this junk .
 I 've had LitterMaids since they first came out , and had the very first LitterMaid privacy -LRB- and litter containing -RRB- tent . That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric . So I bought a new one . What an enormous mistake . The new ones do not fit the frame in any way , shape or form . I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight , and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they ca n't be zippered together !!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front , got the zipper started - and the zipper separated . Okay , put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin . The metal slider itself started to come apart . What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK . Do n't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents . It 's sad , the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly . Someone , somewhere , cut a few too many corners on this product . The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash .
 I 've had LitterMaids since they first came out , and had the very first LitterMaid privacy -LRB- and litter containing -RRB- tent . That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric . So I bought a new one . What an enormous mistake . The new ones do not fit the frame in any way , shape or form . I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight , and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they ca n't be zippered together !!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front , got the zipper started - and the zipper separated . Okay , put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin . The metal slider itself started to come apart . What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK . Do n't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents . It 's sad , the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly . Someone , somewhere , cut a few too many corners on this product . The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash .
 I 've had LitterMaids since they first came out , and had the very first LitterMaid privacy -LRB- and litter containing -RRB- tent . That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric . So I bought a new one . What an enormous mistake . The new ones do not fit the frame in any way , shape or form . I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight , and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they ca n't be zippered together !!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front , got the zipper started - and the zipper separated . Okay , put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin . The metal slider itself started to come apart . What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK . Do n't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents . It 's sad , the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly . Someone , somewhere , cut a few too many corners on this product . The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash .
 I 've had LitterMaid 's since they first came out , and had the very first LitterMaid privacy -LRB- and litter containing -RRB- tent . That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric . So I bought a new one . What an enormous mistake . The new ones do not fit the frame in any way , shape or form . I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight , and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they ca n't be zippered together !!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front , got the zipper started - and the zipper separated . Okay , put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin . The metal slider itself started to come apart . What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK . Do n't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents . It 's sad , the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly . Someone , somewhere , cut a few too many corners on this product . The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash .
 I 've had LitterMaids since they first came out , and had the very first LitterMaid privacy -LRB- and litter containing -RRB- tent . That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric . So I bought a new one . What an enormous mistake . The new ones do not fit the frame in any way , shape or form . I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight , and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they ca n't be zippered together !!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front , got the zipper started - and the zipper separated . Okay , put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin . The metal slider itself started to come apart . What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK . Do n't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents . It 's sad , the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly . Someone , somewhere , cut a few too many corners on this product . The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash .
 This item broke the 1st day I used it ! The plastic frame broke.don ' t waste your money . Made very cheap .
 The tent was very difficult to assemble . The vinyl barely stretches over the plastic pieces . It was extremely difficult to zip , and one of the plastic pieces broke during the process . We super-glued it back together & finally got the thing assembled . Now it works fine and does a fairly good job of keeping litter contained within the tent . Just wish it were a bit more sturdy and easier to assemble . I excepted a better product for the price .
 Does n't fit the littermaid box ... waste of money ! Thinking of getting another litter system entirely ! Very disappointed in the quality of the product .
 The tent was advertised to fit a littermaid elite . It took three people to close the zipper on the tent . I hate it ...
 I should have read the reviews before purchasing !! The instructions that came with my package were useless and confusing . I found a different set online that were more helpful . Some of the connectors are too small for the poles and with one wrong move they pop out . The plastic cover does not even come close to fitting the frame . I can not zip it up at all . There is at least a 2 '' gap !!! Very disappointed in this product !!
 Bought the privacy tent recently . The description said that it fit LitterMaid boxes and most others . This is not correct . We have a LitterMaid Elite which will not fit inside the tent . While assembling the tent , three of the very cheap plastic rods , designed to be used as the frame , snapped and were unusable without repair . The top section is connected to the bottom section with a zipper . The zipper does not seem very sturdy at all . Bottom line is that you get what you pay for . At least we are only out $ 25 .
 Putting this tent together was ridiculous , the tubing was too big for the vinyl wrapping so when trying to put it together the tubing kept cracking and breaking and finally my fiance just took out the majority of the tubing . I believe the dimensions of this is also wrong due to the fact that even trying to put the litter box into the tent was a feat in and of itself . All in all it was a nightmare and I feel like I wasted $ 35 .
 I bought this item thinking that it would fit over my Smart Scoop Litter Box -LRB- as amazon said it would -RRB- but it does not fit . The plastic cover is cheap and ripped while I was trying to fit it over the rods . The plastic rods are cheap and are not very sturdy . When I finally got it put together the zipper would hardly touch together so I could zip the top piece to the bottom piece . When the motor to my litter box would run , it would get stuck behind the side rods and move the entire tent across the floor . So I was unable to use the tent and now I am stuck with it , cause it ripped on the side while I was trying to put it together . I hope this review helps you with your item and I do NOT recommend buying it unless you have a little litter box to put it over and I also hope it doesnt tear or not zip like mine and the other reviewss ive read about this product .
 In doing routine assembly , the ends of two framework rods just broke off in shards . I have never seen such brittle , poor quality plastic used in a product like this .
 I got this tent and one pole was already broken . I should have known this was not a good thing . Over time I used more and more super glue and tape to hold it together . I eventually had to give up . And the cats were n't even sitting on it.I liked the idea though , could be used with any litter box really .
 I would not give any stars to this product !! The plastic cover fits VERY tightly over the plastic rods , and it was impossible to zip the bottom of the tent to the top as either the rods are too long or the plastic is too short . Because we could not fully assemble the product , we did n't use it over the Littermaid box ; however , it would be so cumbersome to use that , even if we had been able to assemble the product , we would not have used it due to the difficulty of maintaining the litterbox . A company who designed such a practical , time-saving product as the Littermaid litterbox certainly failed in the design of this privacy tent . It is frustrating to assemble and would add a considerable amount of time to the maintenance of the litterbox .
 It is exceedingly rare that I write a review but I felt this product warranted one .1 . The plastic rods are very flimsy but not nearly as bad as the connectors .2 . The vinyl tent does not fit over the rods . -LRB- This is the 19 '' high version -RRB- . After putting the frame together we discovered that , like other reviewers , the tent fell shy by half an inch . I worked the tent onto the frame as evenly as possible to seat it well before trying to zip it together . As soon as I pulled the ends together to relieve tension so my wife could zip it together the corner connector snaped . This left the plastic male end securely inside the rod.I read that another person used some PVC pipe in place of the rods supplied . I doubt Littermaid 's rods would crack under my cat 's weight but I am certain that these connectors would snap the second he jumped on the tent.It was a good idea but using materials of such poor quality ruined it . We have used several products from Littermaid and we 've been less than impressed with their other products as well . Unfortunately , there is little competition making it unlikely that we 'll see any improvement .
 Littermaid item LM100 arrived in good condition , however , while assembling the Privacy Tent per directions , it was apparent the vinyl cover would not fit the assembled frame without excessive stretching . The two vinyl sections had a 1/4 inch gap between the zipper strips . Calling LitterMaid customer service -LRB- NOT -RRB- was a waste of time . The service rep refused to acknowledge a possible defect in manufacture and said to return item to AMAZON . Says a lot about their product . Too bad , as the LitterMaid automatic litterbox works very well .
 I agree completely with the other reviewers regarding the flimsy quality of the support posts for the tent . In addition , our zipper broke , and as the tent itself is plastic there was no easy way to simply replace the zipper without tearing up the tent itself.I do disagree with those who say the tent is useless . Once you 've gotten a feel for how much litter is `` too much '' , you rarely have to actually see into the tent itself for anything other than adding litter . The only problems I 've ever encountered were that our cat had decided to `` prefer '' one side over the other , resulting in a mountain of litter in one half of the box that the motor for the scoop just could n't handle . After 3 or 4 retries , it just stops and waits for the next cycle . Such problems are easily resolved by taking our `` old-fashoned '' litter scoop and shoving the litter around , then switching the unit off and on again and seeing if the rake makes it through the cycle . None of this is impaired by the presence of the tent . Adding litter is a bit of a pain - it would help if there was a snapping flap of some sort on the top.Meanwhile , the tent really does signifigantly improve the odor situation . But the most important thing , at least for our cat , is that without the tent she tends to ignore the ramp and jump out of the box directly , leading to litter all over the vicinity . The tent prevents this , and the carpeted ramp does a pretty good job of preventing litter from going everywhere.We have n't found a good replacement for the tent yet , and I 'm loathe to spend 30 bucks for such poor quality . But as I noted in my title , this is not a review of the actual littermaid system - We got ours almost 3 years ago and -LRB- tent issues aside -RRB- it 's worked great ! I 'd hate to go back to scooping . One recomendation - use a plastic grocery store bag as a liner for the little plastic container , then just throw away the liner and stop buying new containers !
 We love the LitterMaid litterbox but the tent is beyond bad . Everything about it is of poor quality . The zipper breaks easily and is difficult to zip up because the plastic tent is slightly undersized for the tent structure formed by cheap plastic rods ... Flimsy to the core , the plastic rods met their death when our average sized 10 lb cat decided to explore the universe from the top of the tent.The concept is great -- privacy for the cats , spares us of seeing them do their thing , and it helps with the odor . ...
 OK , I know that 's a non sequitur , but that should give you an idea of how useless this product is . I got this tent free when I bought the mega Littermaid litter box -LRB- which , despite some problems , I love -RRB- . The tent comes with no instructions but the plastic pieces that support the tent fit together like Tinker Toys . -LRB- I 'm not mechanical at all , but figured it out . -RRB- Once you get the plastic frame together , though , getting the tent over it is no easy task ; the tent seems to be just a tad too small to fit well over the frame . I was frustrated enough at this , but once I figured I would have to remove the tent every time I wanted to change the plastic waste container in the Littermaid , I gave up entirely . The tent is currently taking up space in my garage . I ended up buying a custom-built plywood carpet-covered container that 's big enough for both the Littermaid and the ramp . It has a lift-off lid and an opening for my two kitties , and it keeps virtually everything -LRB- including odor -RRB- contained -- I would recommend a unit like that over this flimsy tent .
 The first time I assembled this , my cat jumped on top of it and the whole thing collapsed . I took it apart and discovered that one of the CHEAP plastic corner connectors had snapped . It 's now held together with duct tape . Does Littermaid expect that cat 's wo n't jump up on something like this that 's flat on top and begs to be explored ? If they do , then why is the frame made out of such fragile and flimsy plastic ?
 the privacy tent is a very clever item.well made , out of good materials , but highly impractical.the privacy issue with your cat is much less an issue thanbeing able to keep the electronic cat box clean and workingproperly.this tent makes it virtually impossible to see what 's happenedin the box , and to smooth the litter around now and then.this is something you 'll need to be able to do.i bought it , but wound up lining the bottom with a blanket , and a few toys.my cats sleep and play in it .
 I bought this product from Amazon on 2/4/2004 . The product is a piece of crap . I followed the instruction and tried to put it together . But the plastic tent is not the right size , and I ca n't zip the two pieces together . I called Littermaid 's 1-800 number on 2/17/2004 , the customer services rep -LRB- Carrie Murray , ext 3123 -RRB- told me that they are just distributor and they are not responsible for any return . She even told me that it 's Amazon 's responsibility , not Littermaid 's . After arguing for a while , I faxed my invoice over and she promised me they will take care of it . I have n't heard back from her since then . I wasted $ 25 on this junk . And I 'm very upset at Littermaid being so irresponsible . So my advise is
 I bought the littermaid tent about a month after I bought my littermaid . I 've never had any problems with the littermaid and am happy with the product . The tent on the other had is very poorly made !! It 's supported with a series of plastic tubes which is very easy to assemble , but I had to move last week and when I CAREFULLY took the tent apart 3 of the pegs connecting the tubes broke off . I used tape to put it the frame back in place I had to try and zip and re-zip the tent b/c the zipper kept breaking and opening . It finally came back together after about 20 minutes of zipping and rezipping.The tent does help with keeping the litter in b/c my cat really likes to dig , but obviously this product was n't designed very well b/c even with both flaps wide open ... the waste tray does n't come out nicely and yes refilling the litter would be easier if you could pour it in on top and see what you were doing.I 'm not very happy with the tent , but am happy with the littermaid . I just wish there was a better quality product out there .
 Nice concept , poorly executed . The support structure to hold the tent in place is of the lowest quality plastic out there . The frame did n't last 2 months before it started cracking at places -LRB- and I have a little kitten weighing less than 9lbs -RRB- . If I were you , I would save my money and look elsewhere .
 I bought this product because my cat would leave litter everywhere because she would jump out through the side of her box instead of using the ramp . When I brought it home I proceeded to put it together , this took awhile . You have to snap together some very flimsy plastic rods that kept on coming apart everytime I thought I had it together . Once I finished the very shaky frame I had to put on the plastic cover , it zips on all the way around . It 's not as easy as it sounds . Once I got it all set up , my cat investigated it , she was fine with it . Then after a week , I noticed that it was starting to cave in , I figured she had been sleeping on it . Then one day I found that the entire thing had collapsed because my cat was jumping on it , I took it apart and realized that the plastic rods had snapped in half . I was so angry because I had paid so much money for this thing . My other problem was that it was so huge and ugly . I might have my dad build one out of plywood , it would be a lot sturdier than this thing and I could just decorate it myself so it would look nicer . I really like the litterbox , but I hate the tent .
 This tent is a little small for the Elite Mega - and it 's difficult to get it in the tent , and then removing it to clean , etc. is a pain .
 To bad that this is THE ONLY product of it 's kind cause it 's a great idea and a HORRIBLE product . I found the directions a little confusing to start things off and then when it came time to pull the ill-fitting vinyl over the cheap plastic frame forget it ! The frame broke in two spots before I even got close to getting the vinyl on . The vinyl , after being tugged cause it just is n't the proper size is now barely in place and the stitching is coming out in different spots starting holes . ALL of this because i made the mistake of TRYING TO PUT IT TOGETHER!What a joke .
 It comes disassembled and does not go together easily . It took us about an hour , which would n't be so bad if it was n't so expensive . Also , it blocks the door that you have to open to empty the tray . The zipper broke . In order to clean the pan , you have to unzipper the top , so we 're completely screwed . I have never seen such poor engineering and materials . Littermaid should be ashamed of themselves .
 Because I have the older version of the Littermaid self cleaning litter box and have 2 cats , the privacy tent is kind of a necessity to keep the litter confined to the box . However , for what they charge for the tent , it is not very durable . I have had the Littermaid for a little over a year and a half and this is the third time I have replaced the tent . The frame is made of plastic tubing and connectors . Both my cats like to sit on top of it . One of my cats weighs about 9 lbs and she has broken the connectors several times jumping up onto it . The zipper is cheaply made as well , and it took me 20 minutes to get the teeth to mesh around the whole circumference of the tent . So when I clean it , I do n't dare unzip it because I do n't want to spend the time to zip it again . Unfortunately , because I need to have the tent , I have to keep replacing it . Littermaid has a newer model now which has a different tent which I hope is better than this one .
 This tent is wonderful in theory . I was very excited when I found this product because I have a cat that likes to play in the litter box occasionally . In the process of him playing he slings litter everywhere . Well the first tent I received was missing pieces and some of the pieces were broke . I sent it back and received another within a few days . The frame assembled easily , but the tent was a pain to get on . The zipper is hard to get together , the tent sits on the frame very snug -LRB- too snug -RRB- , and my litter box did n't fit in it properly like it said it would . The frame poles snapped in two when I tried to get my litter box in it . -LRB- I have the littermaid elite multiple cat . -RRB- I do not recommend this product at all . The quality of the frame is poor and it does n't fit almost any litter box like they say it does !!!
 I bought this product to try to cut down on the litter spread . It is a great idea to contain the litter and the smell . But the cheap plastic rods are smaller than the connectors and every one of them broke while I was trying to put it together . I had to build a new skeleton for the tent myself . I spent $ 30 on the product and another $ 30 replacing the skeleton of it . The tent is great , but not $ 60 great . My advice , build your own our get a pre made cabinet .
 This product is not made for the littermaid elite mega . It just does n't fit . The rake is not able to go all of the way forward without hitting the sides of the tent and the containment part will not open because of the sides . Definitely would NOT recommend !
 Unfortunately this item costs $ 40 and lasted about 40 minutes . My cats weigh 17 and 12 pounds , and it took them all of one visit inside this tent to break the cheap plastic poles . A loud noise outside spooked one of them , they bolted and the force of their running body was all it took . I 'd save my money people and invest in a tarp , I believe that may work the same and last much , much longer . Do n't buy .
 I broke this thing in two places while trying to put it together . And I 'm not an impatient tough guy or anything . I 'm just your average chick . With normal sized hands . I 'm not the hulk . Really really lame . It would have been really cool if the connectors had n't broken though .
 I had one of these years ago and it was great ! What they make now is unbelievably cheap . The frame broke just putting it together . We taped it for now . The cover is super cheap as well . It 's doing the job , but is really fragile . It 's too bad . This used to be a really good product .
 This product is poorly designed and difficult to assemble . The plastic rods are very weak and break easily . It was very difficult to get the tent over the rods and more difficult to zip the two tent halves together . The zipper was under stress and has weakened at several major points . The zipper ` handle ' did bend under the stress . I can only imagine what stress the plastic rods are under . I worried that if one or both of my cats decide to walk on top of the tent , there will be an explosion and I 'll have cat litter , plastic and cat fur all over the place ! It was also hard to get the box -LRB- which is a Litter Maid box -RRB- into the tent and more difficult to get the power supply plugged back in to the box . The design would have been slightly better if Litter Maid had added a window on both sides and back of the tent to more easily accomodate the power supply . I 'd stay away from this product and hope that Litter Maid redesigns this tent at some time in the future .
 We finally -LRB- between my husband , my son and me -RRB- finally got this thing stretched over the plastic frame , but it tore on the seam at one of the corners . You have to lift up the heaving litterbox to put inside of it -- it wo n't slide in or out over the connecting rods in the bottom . Soooooo , you can imagine how easy to clean it is -- NOT ! A two piece design with the top that would fit over the box with a bottom sheet that snapped onto the top piece would be a better design .
 One of my cats absolutely refused to enter it , and did his `` business '' next to the litterbox instead . The big guy flattened it , and a couple of others hated it so much they made a point of spraying it and trying to wipe their butts on it . Needless to say , it ended up in the garbage . It 's not that these cats wo n't use a covered box -- they will and do -- they just really , really hated this tent .
 This is the third tent cover that I 've had for my Litter Maid catbox . While the litter box is reliable , the tent covers have been less than satisfactory , but a necessity . My cat is very non-destructive , so the tent covers demise have nothing to do with my pet . The first tent cover tore as it was fit to the cat box . The second tent cover 's frame cracked and then tore the tent cover . Because of the privacy the tent provides and the necessity to keep litter from going all over the place , this third tent cover was again necessary . But for the cost that Litter Maid charges for their products , I 'd have thought their product to be more reliable overall . I do love my Litter Maid catbox , but again , the expense does n't nec . match the quality of the accessories .
 The privacy tent does keep litter `` contained '' , my siamese has a habit of `` slinging '' cat litter . The frame is plastic and one of the plastic ` tees ' broke easily . had to return the first one due to zipper `` malfunction '' . The zipper is difficult to zip , very tight . I had to reset the auto cat box and that entails unzipping . . after which I do n't attempt to re-zip , the top just sits on top of frame .
 I bought this hoping to cut down on litter scatter , but for several reasons , I ended up freecycling it.It is huge , you really need to make sure you have the space for this . I also found that it really did n't contain scatter as well as I 'd hoped - the open front end was just an invitation to my very determined kitties to scatter away.There were also some problems with the assembly - while the frame went together easily , stretching the vinyl cover over it was quite difficult . And after two weeks , when I wanted to rinse it off , I found that it was impossible to get the zipper to re-close completely . Another week later and the zipper on the ` closed ' end began to separate . Perhaps this cover is just a bit too snug for the pressures.My cats liked it - they thought it was fun to lay on the top of it and it did seem to have the strength to sustain 20 lbs of cat bouncing around up there.This might work for someone else , but it did n't work or hold up for us . Consider the size well before you buy .
 I am fairly disappointed with this after being so pleased w/the stand . The tent is short and most cats like stand up straight to poo . Also , the velcro already attached -LRB- not nearly enough to do anything -RRB- to the tent releases when attached to the velco pad we must attach to the stand . Lastly the tent is to help keep the litter from spreading , which this does not do . there are only four 1-inch patches of velcro , the rest is open for the litter to fall all around the unit . Do n't waste your $ $ on this accessory .
 Needs about 1/2 inch all the way around on the seams . Split the horizontal seams in two places trying to squeeze the tent over the frame . Very CHEAP vinyl material . Should have some stretch to it . Opening is too small to get the box out for cleaning unless you get right down in front of it . Again , a stretch in the material would help and a better opening design .
 After less than 6 months multiple connectors have broken . Littermaid does not warranty ` accessories ' . But they will sell me connectors for almost what I paid for the tent or sell me another one . No Thanks.Littermaid LMT100 LitterMaid Cat Privacy Tent
 Had high hopes after reading reviews , but it did not work for my shih-tzu who has allergy issues . Still scratching and licking his underside after using it for a month . Disappointed ...
 I used this product on my dog for 2 weeks , as directed , and basically threw my money down the toilet . This company will not give refunds , so be careful with your purchase !
 Ordered this for my pup with digestive issues . Product received was not correct and was returned to Amazon . After noticing the UPC numbers matched but picture and descriptions did not , I was afraid to re-order and again receive the wrong item . I therefore have no idea if this product does as it says .
 I have been giving my 26 # dog 250 mg twice a day , with food , for 10 days . He seems more agile but he has had diarrhea . He responded better to tablets of the same dosage crushed in his food.I called the NaturVet and will receive tablets I can crush in my dog 's food . I will give it a try . The company stood by their 100 % guarantee on their product.If it works out I will further edit this review .
 I tried it putting it in the water for my dog who is a dog that is not picky to eat or drink anything . He would not even drink the water that had this product in it . It does n't smell bad but the consistency of it is like a syrup . There are other products that I have tried for him that work much better .
 This filter is crap . The outlet is too short so it 's slightly above the -LRB- full -RRB- water line . So you have the rushing water noise to contend with . Also , the filter itself is very noisy . You can hear water running inside the filter along with the loud motor . It does n't appear to clean my freshwater 55G worth a darn . I bought it for the micro-filtering capability , but my tank looks exactly the same after running the filter overnight.I 've found this quality is the same for the Magnum line . This filter does n't work at all as advertised and neither does the Magnum HOT `` sit on floor '' style of canister filter . Both are extremely noisy and do n't filter any better than my Eheim canisters .
 Very bad product out of the box , it doesnt suck up the water . i dont recommend this product for those who wants something to work when new . i 'll stick with EHEIM better .
 Length :
 This filter never stops blowing bubbles . Sometimes it blows large bublles -LRB- like when someone walks by and shakes the tank a little -RRB- but mostly it blows micro bubbles . I do not recommend this product .
 I bought this filter to replace my Penguin 150 , which is a 30g filter . My little Penguin worked side by side with my Emperor 280 for 3 years and he worked like a champ ! When it broke I considered just leaving the Emperor 280 to work by himself , but in the end I ended up looking for another filter . I had always been interested in this particular model . I have never been disappointed by Marineland products , and from what I can tell the more expensive their product the better performance I get . At least that 's what I used to think until now.One of the reasons I decided on the HOT Magnum was because of its large container for chemical filtration . My Emperor 280 has a small container and I get wonders from it . I figured that with a larger container i 'd get a lot more performance . Also , the size of the filter impressed me . It took about the same width that my Penguin 150 used up , and since I could n't fit anything larger in its hood panel I opted for this one.After having this filter for about half a year now all I can say is that I 'm disappointed . Honestly , I think there 's something wrong with this design . Your typical hang on top filter is based on a pretty simple concept . The water is sucked up , it falls into the reservoir , and as it falls back into the filter it has to go through a wall of filtration . This , in my opinion , provides for maximum contact between the cascading water and the filters . With this filter , however , it 's different . In fact , I do n't even know how it works . All I can tell is that the filter sits in the middle , the motor is at the bottom so its shooting water up , and i guess it fills the canister with water ? Seriously , how does it work ? I mean , there 's this big black tube that goes in the middle and the water runs through it , but it has no pores or openings , so i do n't even know how the `` filtered '' water gets through this tube and out of the filter . Even when I open this filter to clean it I can tell that it has very poor performance . Compared to my Emperor 280 , the filter on this thing after a month is practically clean . There 's a few bits of gunk trapped here and there , but nothing impressive . My Emperor 280s filter pad looks disgusting after a month . Seriously , it 's like there 's another 2 extra layers of thickness made up of fish gunk . Overall i 'm not impressed at all with this filter . If you 're looking for a HOT filter look no further than the Emperor 280 . It provides both chemical , mechanical , and an automatic biowheel for biological filtration . For now , i 'm going to keep this thing until dies . Thankfully I have my faithful Emperor 280 working for me.Fish stats :30 g2 yoyo loaches1 bamboo shrimseveral tropicals .
 I bought this filter about a month ago and have had nothing but bad luck . The filter worked for about 2 weeks and then started blowing bubbles . It looked like there was a blizzard in my tank except with air bubbles , it was terrible . If you screw with the position of the intake tube or exhaust tube sometimes the bubbles will stop . Well today the bubble got to be just terrible and I had had enough . I am in the process of trying to seal and glue the intake and exhaust tube with rtv . I wo n't be able to move either , but , if it makes the darn thing work it 'll save me from having to buy something else . This is not the type of situation I expect to be in with a brand new filter . Total garbage . If you are considering this filter do yourself a favor and get something else . This filter is an expensive headache !
 Broken magnet . I have three of these canisters , and although they are marginal as filters , they work great if you use a prefilter on the intake. , this one arrived with a broken magnet . Box was intact , so it left the factory like that.I have ordered another magnet . Not worth haggling over shipping back .
 I had heard a lot of great things about canister filters and their superior cleaning power for aquariums , so I made the mistake of buying this one . A degree in marine biology and DECADES spent maintaining personal tanks -LRB- as well as live wells , storage tanks and a host of other marine and freshwater systems -RRB- and this is without a doubt the WORST investment I have ever made . Do n't get me wrong , it works well enough ... When you can get it to work ! So far I have managed that exactly once . Now I 'm on hour three after mistakenly shutting if off for cleaning and it refuses to pull water in no matter how fully primed and lubricated all of the various bits may be.And since lubrication of the various D - and O-rings is what the very unhelpful techs at Marineland advise , I invested ; if only that were enough to make this particular piece of equipment work!So in short , if you have n't already made the purchase , I would recommend against it . I will be returning to an old-fashioned waterfall system . This experience has completely destroyed my willingness to invest in another canister set up , and I will most Definitely not be purchasing from Marineland ever again . I will happily clean my tanks twice as often -LRB- waterfall vs. canister filtration -RRB- rather than suffer one more headache that is trying to make this THING work . * And for anyone who thinks I do n't know what I 'm doing , I had someone else try it , too . They used the directions and diagrams and whatnot . The canister is still a giant paperweight . *
 I have a 55 GAL tank and wanted to upgrade my filtration system - this seemed like a good deal for the money and I paid extra money for 1-day shipping . Luckily I am within my 30-day window so I will be returning this item . I 've tried silicon and everything else in an attempt to get the lid to seal properly - it works for about a day then slowly starts leaking and stops sucking up water all together . It has been a struggle for nearly a week now .
 The Marineland H.O.T. Magnum 250 was always my filter of choice for my aquarium and I have had 2 before the one I recently purchased in July 2012 so I am quite familiar with the product . I 've aways been very pleased until this one . I assembled and reassembled many times and could not stop the noise and bubbles , I called warranty service and was on hold for 15 minutes , because one of the exhaust seals was torn when I got it and I thought that might be the problem . They sent another , but the tech I talked with was not knowledgeable about my product and if I had not known the name of the part I needed she would have been no help at all . The part did n't fix my problem with the unit either.I went to a big box pet store and picked up another filter , surely I just got a lemon right ? The next one was worse , so noisy I had to turn it off right away for fear of it completely seizing up , so I took it back and this time I emailed warranty service on or around Aug. 1st -LRB- I thought maybe I did n't explain well enough on the phone -RRB- well I 've never heard from them , talk about customer no service . Now I thought I was stuck with this unit that would not work right.Then one day I just got sick of the noise & bubbles in it and reassembled it with 3 foam exhaust rings -LRB- which is not on the instructions page -RRB- bottom middle & top , & IT Worked !!!! Hope it keeps working.I do not blame Amazon at all , they are awesome , but Marineland needs to get their customer service dept to be more knowledgeable or that kind of P. R. is going to hurt their reputation badly . It 's absurd that 2 units did not work correctly . I 'm not going to buy another .
 I do n't know why no one talks about it , but this filter is flawed in its design . There are a lot of forum thread on-line talking about the fact that this thing is a pain to prime . Or if it even pumps at all . Unfortunately I found out the hard way , because I learned only after I 've purchased one . After 2 hours of inspecting every single o-ring , and filter component and trying to get it to pump correctly I 've given up . Some forum postings suggest that the product may be defective , but if there are so many people with the same problem , there is something wrong with the product , not the users . I strongly suggest you read about this in other sites before you decide to purchase . As for me , this one is going back to the seller .
 worked for a month changed filter and then day later didnt work again i will never buy a marineland filter again after this . just all of a sudden stooped sucking up water
 I used this on a 35 gal saltwater tank for only a few months before I gave up on it altogether in frustation ! From the start , I could tell it was very cheaply made . Every time you clean it , getting the lid back on requires three hands and a great deal of patience because of an extremely poor design . Then , you factor in that it is designed to run only carbon with a flimsy little bit of filter media that is supposed to be your mechanical filtration . After only a few months of use , and frequents cleanings , it was moving almost no water and then one day I just could n't get the stupid thing back together at all . I was only to happy to throw the thing in the trash and off to the local fish store to buy the Eheim I should have bought the first time ! Do Not Waste your Money on this thing !!
 The filters arrived before the estimated arrival date . Both were packed in a brown box but the bubble wrap had been tucked in pressing them against an outside wall of the box . One filter arrived cracked and with a broken cover . I contacted Amazon and generated the return for exchange . The second one is on my 90 gallon as we speak . I have a quiet family room where I like to read , listen to music and watch my fish . This thing is going back ! The hum and rattle is just too much . I 've been on every forum I could find and reseated the impeller every which way . The cover reverberates the hum from the motor and it is driving me nuts . The plastic is very brittle and both units appeared dirty and scratched fresh out of the boxes . Despite all the rave reviews I 'm not impressed . Perhaps as HOB filters go this one may be acceptable to some but I 've been a canister man for years , having used the Fluval , eheim , and Filstar lines ... All have their shortcomings and are still in operation on my aquariums . This rattling and humming monster will be packed and sent back . I will cancel the reship on the cracked one .
 I bought this filter for a turtle tank . It has no power what so ever . To get it to re-prime itself is quite the task . I am unsure if its just to small of a motor or the 3 filters put to much strain on it but I am done after only 2 months . My turtle tank is only 8 gallons it should have been clean yet this filter just is n't strong enough . I bought a underwater filtration from Walmart just so the turtle does n't die and the improvement in the water was immediate . How dissapointing although it says Power Filter it is not even close .
 I really had wished that this filter would be quiet . I had an Aqueon filter previous to this one , was n't doing that great of a job with a low humming noise which is tolerable as my tank is in my bedroom . I ordered one , followed the instructions , turned it on , and it made a loud rattling noise . It is equivalent to the loudness of someone tapping their fingernails on a table . At first I thought maybe I had installed something wrong , so I went over it again , even had a look at the impeller , still the same issue . So I contacted amazon and they swiftly sent me a replacement , very easy -LRB- I love amazon for this -RRB- . Got the replacement , went over it again , still the same issue except even louder !! I give up AquaClear . I really wanted to like your filter as I like the concept behind the filter `` cartridge '' . I give it 2 stars because it does a great job in filtering the water , if you are a light sleeper or get annoyed by sounds easily this filter is not for you .
 Ordered pump from oneway pet received if fast and seller had great service but pump was broken . was not sellers fault as box had never been opened , the way the pump is packaged in the box causes the pump to break , so it is a manufacturing issue . will probably never go with this particular pump again due to this issue .
 Hi , I bought this filter for my 40 gal tank and thought it was a really good one based on reviews . Produce information said it was good for tanks up to 70 gal . It does work great but the only problem and the reason I replace it is because even at the lowest setting , it kept sucking the fish onto the extension tube and it kills them . After losing several of my fish , I replaced it with a Nexx like the one I have on my other 40 gal tank . Hence no more dead fish .
 Magnet on impeller assembly rattles around incessantly , and the clear plastic invites algae to slime up the inside of the filter and tubes . Makes a ton of noise and occasionally stops working . This POS is not even as good as the cheap AquaTech filters that Walmart sells , and it 's not even in the same universe as any decent canister filter .
 What are You guys saying `` it 's quiet '' . It 's noisy.Yoy can hear the plastic hrrrrrum from the distance of 12 feet.I checked a lot of filters recently and definitely wo n't stay with tractor in small package.The media idea compared to cartridge is a plus , but filters in these sizes should be undetecteble by Your ears.C ` MON
 i bought the this item 2 clean my 20 gallon aquarium it does n't clean d aquarium at all the water still remains dirty an i probably hav dis item about 1 week now an the water level is already falling slower than usual to me i find dis product is a waste of money an the tube that goes into the tank is so short it barely goes into the tank 3 inches properly
 This is the worst filter that I have ever purchased . It does n't keep the tankclean at all . Two days after I clean the tank it is dirty again . I change the foam , carbon , and biomax once a month and clean the tank once a week and wash the foam , carbon , and biomax once a week . I have had a fish tank for forty years and never had this problem .
 I got it with both clips that attach the motor to the canister broken . Did n't even get to try it , so do n't know how well the filter performs . But the broken clips is either a bad sign of the durability of this product or the attention to detail of this seller .
 I loved this filter for the last three weeks until I accidentally switched it off . For two hours I was freaking out because it would not start . I filled it with water to prime it , took the media out to make sure it was n't stopped up , etc. . Finally , I gave it a little whack -- not to hard , but just enough . Turns out the filter was not perfectly level and therefore would not restart .24 hours later , I turned it off to see if it would restart without problem . Now I checked everything again , I made sure to prime it with water , make sure it is level , etc , etc. . It will not start . I 've been un-plugging it checking everything , priming , plugging it back in , etc , etc.For all the benefits people tout for this filter , it sure has one major problem ... IT WO N'T START . This is absolutely ridiculous , I am furious and frustrated with this hunk of junk . I just ordered a sponge filter as a back up for when this thing is being temperamental . In the meantime , I might have to run to the pet store and find something to replace it -- should it continue to not start . Absolutely ridiculous . Fix this problem and I might consider buying another one . Until then , this thing might just find its way to the trash can . And I really hope my fish do n't die because if they do , I will never buy another product made by Hagen EVER . *** LATER *** FINALLY *** After pulling the whole thing apart -LRB- AGAIN -RRB- , rinsing out the sponge , sticking a q-tip into the impeller area to make sure it was n't blocked -LRB- it was n't -RRB- , this piece started working again . Something this temperamental should definitely not be relied upon as a primary filter . End of story.I gave it two stars because other than being a big pain in the rear to restart , it actually is quiet and functions quite reliably . Also , I had to put some mesh around the intake because my little dwarf frog was nearly sucked -LRB- legs first -RRB- into the filter -- I caught him just in a nick of time . Thankfully , Mr Bubbles is OK !!
 This was my second aquaclear 110 that I purchased . The first one stopped working out of nowhere but it was used so I decided to buy a new one , bad idea !!! After only about a month the motor just stopped working for no reason . Do not buy this product , put in a few more dollars and get a better one instead of wasting your time and money . . I came to realize that it 's a really cheaply made product and not reliable at all . . while it was working it did a great job but what 's the point of wasting $ 70 if it will last only a month ... DO NOT BUY !!!
 Stopped workin after a month . Rip off.I would not Buy again . I am hoping for a refund . Verry disappointedDo n't make the same mistake .
 It did not work when I got it . No matter what I I 'd it would not prime water into the filter . I bought another one from my local pet shop which worked immediately .
 I really wanted to like this filter . I 'm a former bio-wheel user , but wo n't go back to those either now that I know a lot more about aquarium biological filtration . The aquaclear just has an annoying rattle after 2 months , it started out with a mild rattle , I 've done all of the recommended fixes like making sure the impeller area is clean , using silicone grease -LRB- helped for about a week -RRB- , but the rattle has just gotten louder and is annoying the c * ap out of me , I 'm ready to throw this thing in the trash . I 've used a prefilter on the filter since day one , and I 've taken this thing apart several times and gone though the workings with a Q-tip and magnifying glass to make sure the workings are spotless . The bio-wheels I 've used in the past may not have had the bio-filtration capacity of this aquaclear , but at least they ran quietly for years , and I did a minimum amount of maintenance on those penguins . I 'm not sure I want to give Hagen another $ 20 dollars for a new impeller that may or may not fix the problem . I 'm currently using this filter on a 40 gal cichlid tank .
 I purchased this item Oct. 23 , 2011 . Now its just a little over a month and it does n't work -LRB- it just stopped while it was running in the tank and the performance was horrible . Since I started using it , my fish tank water has not been clear , and I did biweekly 30-50 % water changes , along with rinsing the inside of the filter with clean water , and rinsing off the carbon and what not in the water removed from the tank as you should n't use clean water . But even when I first put it in my tank , with a complete water change , within 3 days , the water was cloudy , and again the same with a second 100 % cleaning . So not happy that I wasted the money on this filter ... But now I know NEVER to purchase another one of these kinds !
 Tittle says it all . I do n't know why this happens with my tank , but every filter I buy , including this one , the impeller stops/gets jammed/breaks . Yah I could go in take it apart put it back together and fix it . But I want a filter that does its job with out having to be fixed every other day ! So disappointed ! I really thought this would solve my problems ! But I am right back were I started !
 This filter initially worked great on my 20 gal . for our aquatic turtles . It was fairly quiet and the power flow was just what we wanted . The problem is that within 60 days it started leaking at the bottom of the filter -LRB- this design has the filter OUTSIDE of the aquarium -RRB- and emptied about 5 gallons of water all over our wood floors before we noticed ! Amazon and this seller only allow 30 days for returns -LRB- most local stores would of taken it back still -RRB- . The clean up was a total mess but at least if we could send it back , I 'd feel a little better than having to throw it away and buy another product . I will not buy another external filter system . It is a nice concept but not worth the risk .
 I have a 55 gal fish tank that used to have a filter from Walmart . I thought I would get a ` better ' filter and after reading reviews decided on the Aqua Clear 110 by Hagen . I liked the fact that you could use different media and not be stuck with what the brand offered . I was very excited to see how well this supposedly great filter was going to work . I do a % 30 water change weekly cleaning all the gravel with my vacuum suction pump . After 4 weeks the water is still cloudy . I started to look for other reviews than at Amazon and found a few that reflected my problems . The sponge has such large holes that it does little mechanical filtration and all the brown gunk gets stopped by the bag of carbon . There also seems to be a bit of flow by -LRB- not all the water has to go through the 3 stage filter -RRB- inherent in the system . One experienced aquarist suggested using filter floss under the sponge as a fix to the problem of cloudy water . So far that has n`t helped much . I am thinking of getting the Penguin Emperor 400 now and wonder who those people with the glowing reviews are . It seems that the Aqua Clear gets a lot of great reviews in a lot of places but I ca n`t for the life of me understand why . The instructions say wait 4 weeks for cloudiness to disappear and then ask your pet store what to do . Not good enough for me . I have followed all the instructions to the letter and researched this filter for hours with no solution in sight . I am ready to put my cheap Walmart AquaTech Power Filter 30-60 back in the tank . It worked much better .
 I legitimately think that Hagen does not like to package their shipments correctly . All there was were three tiny little bags of air , they did n't even help fit the box inside snuggly so that it would n't get thrown around ! My AquaClear 70 was severely cracked and I am getting my replacement . It 's a great company , but they should learn not to skimp on the safety of their shipment to customers .
 My wife and I purchased this filtration system from PetSmart and were very pleased by how easy it was to setup and get running . For a while , the filter worked without a hitch . We replaced the carbon , bio , and sponge in cycles and even cleaned out the tubes , motor and reservoir too . Then the problems began only after a few months.Our problem with this is that because the sponge , is placed at the bottom of the filter basket , it seems to always want to float upwards . When it floats upwards , it tends to knock the lid off and in one extreme case , it floated almost completely out of the filtration system and started dumping gallons of water all over the place . You can only imagine what it feels like to come home one afternoon from work to find this has occurred.I think if this flaw in design can be corrected and made the suction tube a bit more easier to clean , this would be a superb product .
 yea , great filter except that it does not retain suction very well . When the power goes off and comes back on and the water in your tank is a little low , it must be primed again . Next problem was somehow the filter guts floated up and because I did not cut the bio bag excess . The bag came out and acted as a wick then 6 gallons later -LRB- under my new hardwood floors -RRB- I realized what was happening.On the positive side , I think the filters are extrememly quiet . The reviewers who says they are noisy have never had a noisy filter .
 Purchased this pump less than 6 months and its ready to be tossed.Issues ; The impeller itself is a press fit onto the magnet and is propelled by an offset `` key '' This forces the impeller to wobble as it spins , which vibrates and rubs on the shaft . This isnt apparent until it is after the return period . The shaft on my unit is almost ground down to nothing and is bent . If you want a noisy vibrating pump that last less than a year , get this one . I cant believe they are charging $ 30 for this piece of crap . The filter body and filter elements are decent quality and need to be cleaned periodically , but be-careful as the plastic used is incredibly brittle . . Oh I forgot , It takes a while to prime itself if ever . In fact The only time it auto primed was the first time I installed it . I 've had several power outages in the area which shuts off the pump and the intake hose will siphon the water out of the pump . It WILL not start itself back up . you physically need to add water to the pump to start it priming .
 Was used !!! Advertised new . Box was scotched taped and looked to be sitting in someone 's attic for years . Had directions for an aqua tech . No intake assembly . Cracked box with sharpie written beside it with the words cracked . Impeller was missing two of its teeth . Total scam job . Do n't trust overstock deals .
 This is our 3rd AquaClear filter in about 5 years - they seem to last 18-24 months , and then die . Since they 're cheap , we just keep a spare on hand , and for the price , we 've been pretty happy.However - the most recent one we bought was SUPER LOUD . It made a rumbling and grinding noise from the moment it was plugged in , loud enough to be heard across the room and over conversation.After some dis-assembly and investigation , it seems like the impeller -LRB- the white plastic spinning part -RRB- was n't properly cast , so it rubs on the housing as it spins.I contacted Hagen support , asking for them to send a replacement impeller , but they said no , I 'd have to return the product to Amazon instead . Seriously ? You think I 'm going to box up a filter that 's been in my fish tank and send it back in the mail ? Well , ok , they probably knew I would n't go to the trouble , and they end up ahead.Since that seemed like a hassle , I decided to just wait - either the plastic would wear down and it would get quieter , or it would die . So far , after a couple of weeks , it seems this idea is working - its not silent yet , but closer . But for our next filter , we 'll be buying another brand ...
 The motor part has design flaws . The motor is heavy but the two holding clips are very small and fragile . Mine broke on arrival , Please see the uploaded phone above . So when you attach the motor to the container not carefully , I can see they will easily break . Phone calls to Hagen generated no answers . `` if you like to speak to the operator , please say yes '' . After I say `` yes '' , then the phone will ring and ring and ring , after it rings for a while , a voice says `` that 's a invalid entry '' . then it restarts the `` if you like to speak to the operator , please say yes '' cycle.This is very upsetting b/c I was depending on the filter to replace my malfunctioning Aqueon . Now I do n't know if I should just return it to amazon , or just try to contact hagen to send me a replacement motor , and that wo n't happen at least for a week . Meantime , what should I do?Second thought , Hagen has some quality control issues . I also had an aquaclear 30 gallon filter , and after a while it started to leak water from the motor/container junction . But I had another aqaclear 20 that worked just fine for 8 months . I know it may not be a fair assessment based on broken clips , but no customer service by phone during work hours is totally ridiculous for such a big international company .
 The reviews were good , it was highly recommended , I really wanted to like it . Out of the box the motor was a little loud , but it is a motor after all so you would expect some noise . I had the impeller out a couple of times to make sure it was aligned correctly . I decided that the motor hum was not a big deal . Then the lid rattled when I put it on all the way . Fine , I would just put it on in such a way that it wo n't rattle . Or , duct tape the edges that rattled . I decided I could deal with rattle somehow and that was okay , too . Then the water noise started . I like a silent running tank and this one was splashing water a lot more than I wanted . If I turned the flow all the way down it was better , but I got this filter because I wanted 200 gph , so turning down the flow was counterproductive . There was no way to get 200 gph without water noise . I finally gave in and decided this filter was not going to work for me and sent it back .
 I received this unit with the tank cracked at the bottom of the tank . The plastic just seems to be that easily crack stuff . I bought a penguin 200 instead and it turned out to be that black durable plastic and the filter works great .
 First off , I wanted to like this filter . I really , really did . There are a good number of positive reviews on here so maybe I just have bad luck but for me , owning my AquaClear 50 has been a train wreck.Before I rip apart I 'll start with the positives to be fair . It 's very cool that this filter allows you to customize the media like it does ! You can use your own media , easily remove charcoal if you choose not to use it , and replace a single piece of media without screwing up your cycle . For the very short period of time my Aquaclear worked properly it made the water crystal clear , and it was in my goldfish tank!But alas , it 's time to tell the tale of my long and frustrating battle with getting this thing to work properly . Right off the bat when I got it , put it together and set it up a couple of things bothered me . First off , the tiny black piece that is supposed to attach to the bottom of the filter and press against the tank , keeping the filter level , constantly pops off . Ok , whatever . I put some stacked post its between the filter and tank to keep it level . Good enough . I was also bothered by the way the power plugged into the filter . It screws in to a good sized hole on the bottom . That worried me since it seemed like if the power plug were to fall out of there -LRB- And God knows this is n't the best made filter -RRB- I would end up with water everywhere , including the electrical outlets below . However , it seemed to be screwed in there well enough so I plugged it in and gave it a go.And it was LOUD . Obnoxiously loud . Unless this filter is at the perfect angle it WILL NOT SHUT UP . Also there is no way to use the lid on it because the lid makes it even louder . Those imperfections are sure adding up ! Fellow owners online recommended using a little Vaseline or water conditioner on the propeller to help break it in and quiet it but that did n't really help . What did help was getting it at the perfect angle and shoving some filter media in the little compartment with the propeller and intake tube , plus only running it on the lowest setting . That also gets rid of the obnoxious sloshing sound it makes EVERY FIVE SECONDS otherwise . Maybe I 'm being picky because I live in a studio apartment and therefore am always in the same room as the tank but it was still unreasonably loud.After running it for about a month fairly problem free -LRB- After the initial noise issue -RRB- it would refuse to boot up after unplugging it for a water change and plugging it back in . I had to whack it to get it to start up again . I checked to make sure everything was attached properly and it was . Ok , another minor inconvenience . Until ... I woke up one morning to the noise of water dripping . OH NO WHAT EVEN . I got up and ran over to the fish tank to find water steadily dripping out of the hole on the bottom that the power box screws into . LAST STRAW . DONE . For the record , yes it was screwed it properly and was still running . Apparently it was n't held in tightly enough and honestly , I was completely done at that point . That is so dangerous and I shudder to think how bad it would have been if I had n't been home to catch it most likely within the first 10 minutes . There is no way I 'm messing with a potential electrical fire.So if you still choose to purchase an AquaClear , BE CAREFUL and better luck to you !
 Worked great -LRB- although it did make the vibrating sound -RRB- while it lasted , but it just suddenly stopped working after only 5 months . The filter gets very hot suggesting that the electricity is definitely working but nothing happens . I have all the filters and extra supplies I bought for this thing and now a broken filter . Horrible !!!!
 I purchased this filter for my 80 gallon Cichlid tank . I have had both Marineland Penguin and Hagen Fluval filter canister . I decided to replace the Marineland and after researching online , I decided to go with the Aquaclear 500 . The quality of water has definitely improved and it became crystal clear . The one thing I ca n't stand , though , is how noisy this device is !! I do n't mind some ` white ' noise , but this thing sounds like someone is drilling next to me ! I have to turn it off every night when I sit in the living room or else I feel like my head is going to explode ! I sure wish it 's not bothering the fish as much as it 's bothering me .
 The filter looked fine , and the it arrived in a timely fashion and well packed . Unfortunately , there was a leak somewhere -- either in the seal or other part , and we came home to a wet carpet . Have since returned it . I 'm sure that 's just one of those things that happens occasionally . So it 's hard to review this particular product . The AquaClear Filter has a good reputation , and we may get another one anyway .
 The filter case is acrylic and damages too easily compared to a plastic resign filter case . Amazon tried to replace the product , which I am greatful for , but the product is not robust enough to last .
 I bought mine about two months ago and have just unboxed it to use on a new tank . I primed it and all before turning it on , and the actual motor had a funny sound then stopped completely . The motor was boiling hot!I love aquaclear filters , but I am very disappointed with what has happened . I bought this after using an aquaclear 70 so I could get one for my betta tank .
 I bought this item because the reviews seemed okay on it . There are so many filters , it can be hard to decide on which one to buy . I received this filter and liked the way it looked . It was not to loud and thought I was going to be happy with it . Three days after set up . . leaking . Soaked my floor since I did not notice it till the next morning . I set it up exactly how the instuctions told me -LRB- yes I actually read the instrictions -RRB- . Returned it and purchased the penguin 200 . So far liking it a lot !
 this power filter does a good job of filtering water but is verry noisey pump is loud and the water coming out of it souinds like a rushing river i replaced it with a aquiatop 400uv it is verry quiet like it states and does a great job of filtering my overstocked 55gal tank worth every penny , dont waste your money on the aquiaclear .
 I purchased this filter expecting to get one of the best filters out there . Received it from seller in great condition placed it in my existing tank on a Friday night . The first night the tank was clear and working great.By the next morning my tank was cloudy and my fish looked like they were struggling to breath . By the afternoon I lost my two corey cats and my two goldfish had pop eye . By that evening I lost a molly . I did a 75 % water change hoping that would help . It seemed to help for a short time . By sunday morning the tank was cloudy again . I tried a 50 % change again -LRB- understand that I had to do all this between working my job -RRB- . Again the water changed seemed to help some . But by Monday my fish seemed to be struggling and swimming at the top of the tank . After working all day on Monday , I came home and finally removed the filter and went back to my old one -LRB- not an AquaClear Filter -RRB- . I had to remove it because my Algae eater , platey and my molly were all belly up . I have had my tank and alot of these fish for a year or more . I have cleaned my tank many times and have never had so many fish die so quick . This review is a warning on buying this filter . I am sure it has been great for filter for some , but for us it was an awful purchase for our dead fish and blind goldfish .
 OK , DOES N'T FIT MY TANK AND THAT ABOUT SUMS IT UP ! SUPER MAD ABOUT IT TOO . THE FILTER JUST ` DOES NOT FIT OVER THE EDGE OF MY TANK !
 When I received my product , it was broken . I do n't know if this was the fault of the manufacturer , the packager , or the shipper , but obviously I had to send it back . I then bought the same product , only in a smaller size -LRB- AquaClear 70 -RRB- at a different store , and it 's working fine . No problems .
 The packing was not good , the box arrived broken .
 Both filters had a crack on the right side on the same place , no sings of damage on the box so i asume it was a factory disperfect , easy to fix but tastelessness , after that everithing else was fine .
 This is a quiet filter as advertised . I thought it worked well when it did work ... after 4 months it died . I would n't buy one again .
 I bought this from Amazon and it was working fine for a few months . One day the motor just stopped working.I did the usual cleaning of the motor , still it would not start . I called the manufacturer -LRB- Hagen -RRB- . After some discussion they said this seems to be a problem with the motor and is covered by their guarantee . They asked me to mail the motor to them . After inspecting the motor it will take 7-10 business days for them to ship a replacement . That would leave me without a filter for more than 2 weeks . What kind of service is that . Finally , I had to buy a replacement filter at a local store and throw this for recycling .
 I have one goldfish and a pleco in a 30 gallon tank . I could never get good water quality with this filter . The water was consistently cloudy . I did filter maintenance as required , and 1/3 water changes every other day with gravel vacuuming . I figured it was new tank break in . After four months and a sick goldfish I gave up . I bought a new filter . Water cleared in 12 hours . By the next day the blister and red veins on the goldfishes tail are much improved .
 I have had this filter running for about three weeks now , Ever sense that second day of using the filter my tank has been cloudy . The filter is quiet but it is worthless if it does not clean the water properly . My old filter system has been in the tank less than two hours and the water has already cleared up . I would by no means by this product again or recommend it to anyone . I would love to have my money back and my fish I 'm sure would love to have that two weeks of dirty water back .
 I have n't had a chance to really use and evaluate the product yet as it has arrived with the filter box 's upper front right corner cracked . So my rating is for poor shipping quality . I returned it for replacement . It is pretty frustrating not being able to use the product when it arrives because of such a defect . I will wait and see what will happen with the replacement and with Amazon 's sensitivity to customer satisfaction ...
 The lid on this filter does n't fit for a fact because of the way it was made . It covers 1 side while leaving a gap on the other side/back of the filter basket and that side has a height gap as well because it wo n't fit down into the basket . While the filter works for me and not having a fitted lid is n't too big of an issue , who wants their products with flaws ? you 'd think measuring the dimensions to make a lid that fits would be the most basic manufacturing aspect LOL
 Honestly the filter is a good filter as I got one from petsmart a year ago and was looking to add more filtration to my tank . The one from Petsmart gets 4 out of 5 stars . I subtracted one from it because I have converted to cannisters . Now onto my experience of ordering this product from Amazon which gets one star ... I ordered two of these filters and both were cracked/broken . The first one I immediately discovered when taking the filter out of the box as the sharp plastic piece that was broken on the bottom lip of the filter was very sharp and almost cut me . I immediately returned the filter and went to order another one thinking that I just had bad luck and it got damaged during transit . The second one came in and looked a little banged up , but I did n't notice anything too bad except a few scratches . It was 3 months later when I noticed that my floor was wet that the 2nd one had a very small crack in it on the same side as the cracked first one and that water was SLOWLY leaking out of down the side of the tank onto the floor . I would not order this product from Amazon as they are 0 for 2 with this product . I have since ordered a canister . I am not a happy customer as I do not think I will be able to return it as it has been 3 months since I purchased .
 I 've been using Aquaclear filters for over 20 years , so I 'm very familiar with them . First thing I noticed when I unpacked this filter was that the filter case was dirty , scratched and had water spots !?!? Uh . . oh ! Then I noticed there was no lid with it . Fine ... I 'll use the lid off my old Aquaclear filter I thought . Then I unpacked the motor and noticed how used it looked . Checked the impeller ... broken . Next I unpacked the filter media , only to find them in a ziplock bag and wet ! They freakin ' sent me used media !?!? And the Biomax media bag was missing ! I would n't accept free items from this vendor , let alone buy anything from them again.Oh ... in addition , as I was packing this back up to return it , I found a small crack where the spout meets the main body of the filter . I doubt the filter would have worked without leaking .
 I purchased the Hagan AquaClear about a year ago and it 's faulty design has contributed to it emptying the contents of my aquarium twice . When the sponge collects dirt , it impedes the water flow . When the flow ca n't pass through the sponge the water just pushes everything upward . The filter cage does n't lock into place so the whole thing just thrusts upward and the tank starts to unload on my wood floors contributing to warping . I will now have to replace both filters in my two fish tanks . If you value the expensive habitat OUTSIDE of your fish tanks , you will steer clear of AQUACLEAR .
 This is the worst fish tank filter I have ever had . The first one I purchased from a pet store . It worked O.K. for a couple of months and then began to make noise . I returned this filter and ordered another one through Amazon . This one did not work at all . I returned it and ordered another just to have a different problem - it did not work either . I returned yet again and ordered another . This one did not even turn on . I am returning this one and going to an entirely different type/manufacturer .
 I had previously used the Aquaclear Filter in a 10 gallon and it was quiet and did really well . When I upgraded my tank , I decided to upgrade to the Aquaclear 70 . The moment I pluged it in I knew that I would have problems ... it was very loud and the rattle was beyond what the Aquaclear 30 was.I did some research and found out that it was an impeller issue , made worse by the hard plastic casing/cover . I tried Vaseline -LRB- a fix found online -RRB- , I replaced the motor with my old 30 motor -LRB- they are interchangeable -RRB- , and finally I ordered a new impeller . The new impeller even had problems and is still very loud -LRB- I have the aquarium in my bedroom and it is difficult to sleep -RRB- I have ordered a Fluval 406 to replace the 70 currently on my tank and plan to throw the 70 away . Very disappointed and expensive problems make for a decent filter , but a very loud one ... Two stars for the filter but ca n't go higher because of the problems .
 After I got tired of of playing with my Marineland Penguin 200 , which never worked quite correctly -LRB- I think it was defective -RRB- , I decided to try the Aquaclear 50 , which I had seen recommended often in various online forums and reviews . It has been cited as a HOB filter that performs more like a canister filter.This filter does indeed mimic a canister filter . It contains a large sponge , carbon bag -LRB- which is somewhat costly to replace , but , as you know , can be easily modified -RRB- and media bag filled with noodles to increase biological filtration . When this filter performs , it performs well.So , why the two stars ? There are two qualities about this filter that make it ultimately undesirable
 I have older aquaclear filters that are dead silent . The newer Hagen filters are far from that . I 'm on my 2nd AC110 do to impeller noise.I went through 4 flucal C2 filters before i got one that stayed a tolerable noise levels.Their customer service has gone down the hole too . Sure , they offer to repair/replace parts , but demand you send in your defective filter first . Being a company that deals in fish supplies , they should know that the filter is the main component keeping your fish alive . So basically they know you ca n't send in your part and you are forced to buy another filter , or live with the default . I feel bad making amazon send me replacement filters for something as small as an unbalanced impeller . Hagen should just send the replacement parts first , then we could send back the defective unit with out having to buy another filter or risking any harm to the fish . Other filter companies send replacement parts with minimal questions asked and often do n't ask for the faulty piece back.This will probably be the last Hagen filter i buy after the quality issues I 've had with my new AC110 and Fluval filters .
 Package was due to arrive BY yesterday . it hasnt arrived and there is not even away to find out why it 's in Mesquite Texas while I 'm in Florida . I signed up for text tracking updates -LRB- not a word -RRB- I did an online talk No answer as to why or when I 'll receive my package . Very poor customer service !
 We are not entirely happy with this item . The `` locks '' on the sides when you fold it open are incredibly difficult to work and they wo n't stay locked . My husband finally got them to lock and not keep folding down . We had a hard time folding it when we needed to take it to another location , then we could n't get the locks to snap back again . We had it replaced and the second one is exactly the same , so we believe it is a design flaw . It was very expensive for something that does n't `` home 'n go '' in our opinion . If you can get the sides to lock in place once , you 're best leaving them that way . We ended up having to buy PVC piping and putting it through the fabric to get the sides to stay up because we needed it for our puppies . I 'm disappointed that I can use it as intended to bring my dogs back and forth from home to work.The puppies were able to pull and strip long pieces of fabric from the seams inside , and I do n't believe it will be long until they chew a hole in the side from the weakened seams . The seams should have been reinforced in a way to prevent it from fraying .
 I bought this for my cavalier who was housed at night in our bedroom in her linen - colored , Vari-kennel . With the heat above norm of late , we were concerned she was not getting enough air circulation in her crate for sleeping . Panting , little moans and sighs would awaken us even when the ceiling fan was on . So I began a search for a product that would offer a better bedtime quality . This seemed it would fit my expectations and I picked it over getting a second Graco Pack and Play which houses my Papillon puppy at night . As this was made for pets , I naturally thought it would serve me needs better . The pen was easy enough to set up , however , the bottom locking mechanisms could use some help to keep them locked inplace . This is where the manufacturer could use some ideas from Graco which ensures their play crib does NOT collapse with anyone inside . After some work , I was able to secure the locks well enough so they have not slipped and caused the unit to fold again . I missed the solid , folding , padded bottom that Graco pack and plays also come with . This only has a thin layer of waterproof material that lays on the bottom with a thin , cushioned pad that goes on top on that . It is also flat on the floor and could be raised up a bit more like Graco 's Pack and Play to keep winter drafts or circulating fans from entering the pen at night . I will probably add a bumper guard pad used for human babies come winter , if it lasts that long . I did like the color -LRB- pale pink -RRB- and the mesh seemed better suited for pets over Graco 's as this appeared rubber - coated to be more durable . My Cavalier is not a chewer nor does she attempt to do more that stand on her hind legs and lean against the sides come bedtime until we are all ready to turn - in . So she does not stress this pen at all in any way . I did put the Graco human baby product side by side with this one and the Graco is slightly sturdier , being that it does not `` give '' as much as this pen when one shakes it a bit . On the upside , it does allow great air-flow and she does appear more comfortable on her fluffy blanket in this pen at night . No more groaning and panting . All in all , apart from the rubberized mesh , I would purchase the Human baby Pack and Play by Graco over this pen for any future needs . Not only is it a savings of over $ 30 , the Graco meets all my needs and does not cause me concern it will fold on my pet . I like the color and the mesh , but , all things considered , this could really use some improvement .
 I have had the play pen for less than a week and my cockapoo puppy enjoys playing in it . Unfortunately , when I zipped the mesh door shut to restrict her playing area while I cooked dinner her sharp puppy teeth went through the blue lining and the zipper destroying that one side of the play pen . I am annoyed that it was so expensive and I only got a few days use out of it . The product info said that it held up to dog bites and scratches but I will have to disagree and I am upset that it is of no use to me now . Please wait until your puppy loses their sharp baby teeth before leaving them in here and as always it just goes to show the importance of always supervising your puppy .
 I had hoped that having an open pen like this would be good for my dog who hated being kenneled but I was wrong . She is a four pound chihuahua and she managed to rip through the mesh windows within the first week .
 I have an 11 week old beagle puppy who is under 10 pounds . I was looking for an alternative to crating him while I was doing chores . This playpen seemed like a great idea ! It provided my puppy with a safe , comfortable area to play in while I was out of the room , and gave me a bit of freedom to work around the house . It was a bit tricky to set up at first , but once you get the ` trick ' , it 's easy . It 's relatively light weight and allowed me to bring the new puppy to my sister 's house for Christmas dinner without having to worry about accidents on the rugs.I was planning to give this a five star rating , but after just over two weeks , my 9 pound puppy managed to push his way through the zippered section of the playpen -LRB- the door -RRB- , which broke the zipper . The playpen is great for him to still play in and he loves it even more now , but it does n't serve the purpose for which I bought it which was to keep him confined in a small , safe area.I think that this is a great concept , and I am incredibly disappointed that I wasted over $ 130 on an item that is supposed to hold dogs up to 50 pounds but was destroyed by a beagle puppy in less than three weeks . I 'm going to try to return the item so I can try again with another item .
 This filter is terrible . The design of the filter is mediocre at best . It took me about 4 hours to set up . I woke up the following morning and 5 gallons had leaked from the tank on to my carpet . I tried every possible trick to seal the canister -LRB- silicone glue and lubricant -RRB- with no luck . I tried contacting the company and it was nearly impossible . They have terrible customer service . After a week of dealing with the leaking filter , I returned the filter to Amazon -LRB- thankfully Amazon 's return process is very simple -RRB- . Subsequently I purchased a Fluval canister filter which has been running for about a week and seems to be working very well -LRB- no leaks , easy set up , quiet , crystal clear water -RRB- .
 First of all , I have two larger Rena Filstar filters , so I know what to expect and have been satisfied or I would n't have made this purchase . I noticed upon startup the flow is considerably less than the larger units . Upon researching , this is a less powerful unit and stated as such . After a while , I noticed the flow decreasing even further . I finally had enough and cleaned the unit again . I put the unit back on the aquarium and no it will not hold prime . It starts out with even less water flow , then quits flowing altogether . Afte wasting an evening trying to get the filter going , I gave up . I went to Amazon , and just my luck , my window to return expired the night before !! I ended up having to purchase another brand , and this unit is worthless to me . As I explained , I have 2 other Rena 's , so I know how to operate them .
 Amazon packaging feedback really focusses more on the Amazon repacking of the original item . My review focusses more on the API -LRB- Rena -RRB- internal packaging . The one star I have given this product is based upon shipping damage resulting from woefully inadequate packaging from the manufacturer , and despite Amazons good service , resulted in an overall poor shopping experience.Note that the product , once known as Rena XP3 filters , has now been rebranded as API XPL.My order clearly stated `` sold by Amazon '' and not from one of its listed partner vendors.When received , there was no sign of obvious damage to the Amazon shipping or commercial box . I took the filter out of the box only to find the corner smashed in and two hinges broken off . Pieces of broken plastic were lying in the box.Thankfully , and credit to their outstanding customer service , Amazon processed and delivered a free replacement very quickly.To be honest , based upon what I 've heard from other online users , I expected that the first package was repacked before shipping to me , and that the replacement would be better off . Especially since it was shipped from a different Amazon warehouse.Not so . The second filter was packed exactly the same as the first . The only difference was this time only a small hose clip was broken and not the entire filter . The problem is that the weighty filter lies very loosely in the box . No chips , styrofoam , or foam holding things in their place . About an inch free space on either side and above the filter . The inlet/outlet parts lie loose in a bag placed on to of the filter cover . If the box is not handled VERY carefully , its contents are almost guaranteed to break.The outside box from Amazon was reasonably protected . The box from API is the problem and I expect that they may have hundreds of returns.After discussing the problem with a few other users of Rena filters , they all confirmed that when they purchased their filters they were received with very secure packaging . So my question is , since there has recently been a rebranding from Rena to API , have they cut back on their packing materials ? One thing is for sure , they no longer include the previously supplied skimmer , spray bar and flow control attachments.I have installed the filter -LRB- with my own DIY spray bar -RRB- and its working great . Obviously I have not used it long enough to provide a review of the actual filter . I really want to like this filter , and I sincerely hope that API have n't started cutting back on quality .
 Every problem that the users who rated 1 star , I experienced with mine and more . It leaked at one point from the lid and made a mess all over my floor , from then on I kept the filter in a tube to give me a little extra time and I am glad i did because it happened multiple times . The plastic hosing pieces are flimsy the connection pieces would never stay together and fell off all the time and even cracked . Even the clamps on the canister part that holds the lid on were very flimsy and broke off -LRB- yes I know they can be removed , but it completely broke the plastic on the canister -RRB- . It was a great filter when it worked however it rarely had a good solid seal that prevented air from getting in it and spraying micro bubbles into my tank even after I siliconed every single part that would even remotely have contact with air . Stay away from this product find something that will last you more than a couple months so that you can get your money out of the products you buy .
 First of all let me tell you the good part.The filter right now is running its SOOOOOO quiet , my desktop computer is louder than the filter -LRB- If I do n't see the outlet I ca n't tell if it 's running -RRB- . Was dead easy to install if you follow the guidelines , also very easy to prime , and the tubing provided is really strong . Lots of room for your media.Now to the bad . Why do I feel ripped of ? because I 've seen reviews , pictures and LOTS of comments about this filter and they say it does include a spray bar , witch I did n't get . It also says a funnel is included IT WAS N'T . I 've seen unboxings of this and it comes with all of that -LRB- every size -RRB- and the inlet and outlet are packed in a box neatly , mine was all together in a zip lock bag.So great for the company on saving that lot of money , but I would NOT recommend this filter or this company to anyone . Look somewhere else there are more filters on this price range.Update
 I purchased my filter about one year ago and just the other day the intake on the quick disconnect leaked.I called costomer service , they called me back the next day . -LRB- I do agree with the other person on the reviews that said costomer service is really bad to deal with . -RRB- He said that I would have to send him the quick disconnect before they could send me a new one out . Therefore , if you want to have there products and expect them to honnor the warranty you better BUY TWO filters or two air pumps . -LRB- They did the same to me when there was a problem with the air pump I purchased . -RRB- What a good way for there company to make more money.As for the filter operation , it works but I do have a up to 175 filter on a 125 gallon tank , with two large goldfish fish .
 This filter does a pretty good job keeping a turtle tank clean but the attaching hardware is unreliable and flimsy and these flaws have turned out to be very costly ... CONS :1 -RRB- The plastic piping is thin and has cracked in multiple places . Luckily it was easy to find replacement parts but they were not cheap ! 2 -RRB- The plastic hoses that connect the filter to the inlet/outlet pipes are also pretty weak . If the outlet hose is bent a little , the hose will collapse in on itself into a kink and cut off water flow ... luckily this has n't fried the motor , yet ... Also , the plastic hoses are really hard to clean ! I have n't found a pipe cleaner that 's 3 feet long so I usually wrap a paper towel around the dull end of one of my husband 's spear gun spears and run it through the hoses ... obviously not a very good solution!And worst of all ... 4 -RRB- The plastic piping pieces go together by fitting one into the other -LRB- no threads , no adhesive . . just insert and hope it stays together -RRB- . This might be okay if you are using the filter for fish , but if you have a turtle , beware ! My turtle knocks the piping pieces off ALL the time . Usually she will knock the inlet pipes off and the filter will fill with air -LRB- luckily this has n't fried the motor , yet . . -RRB- . However , just yesterday -LRB- while we were at work of course -RRB- she knocked the outlet pipes off the outlet hose and the hose emptied the entire tank -LRB- 50 gal -RRB- onto our wood floors ... I bought a dehumidifier -LRB- $ 250 yikes -RRB- to pull the moisture out of the room but the floors are totally warped . The filter motor might be fried now ... I am a little too frustrated to test it out ... But , there are n't too many decent filters in this price range . . So , next time I hook up this filter I will be using duct tape on the tubes ...
 I just set up a xp3 for my 55g last night as I like to over-filter my tanks for clear water . Good things about the filter to me is its stack of 3 large baskets for a variety of filter media arrangement . I have the coarse foam block at the bottom , then the foam stars and a bunch of other brands ceramic rings in the middle then some filter floss at the top . Set-up and priming was easy and all seemed to go well.Now the bads . This morning I saw my tank lost about 2 inch of water and found water dripping from the hole around the power cord in the back . A quick search on the web proved this is a common problem to many . I wrapped teflon tape around the quick-disconnect 's intake and output o-ring to see if it would fix the leakage . To me , the # 1 thing about any filter is to prevt leak . Releasing a product that leaks is SIMPLY UNACCEPTABLE . Also , I really hate the color of the intake pipe - why do n't they just make it black or transparent ??? I will see if the teflon tape would do the trick and if not I will just return it.Update
 Worked great until it simply stopped working just a few weeks after purchase . No amount of cleaning , priming , etc. will start proper flow again . Will never buy another Rena product .
 Rena/Mars Fishcare is the worst company I have ever dealt with . The customer service is a joke . If you can get someone to answer the phone or return your messages all they will do is make you jump through hoops until you are so frustrated you just give up . The whole time your fish suffer . I purchased an XP filter and it quit working after 2 weeks . You 're better off spending your money on ANY OTHER FILTER
 The directions seemed simple enough . Everything went smoothly until it was time to plug the unit in . That 's when the trouble started . I 've been trying to get a prime for 3 hours now . I 've tried everything and nothing is working . I 'm extremely frustrated and definitely regret buying this filter .
 If you 're looking for a `` no-noise '' filter , I recommend buying a hang-on-back type filter . This canister filter is strong , the motor hums pretty loudly . Been using for 6 months now on a 60 gallon tank with 40 African Cichlids , even with an Aqua Clear 50 as a secondary filter , the xP3 needs bi-weekly cleaning . I have sand substrate and live plants so there is a lot going on . I have to clean it every other week now , the first 3 months it was working flawless without any cleaning . I guess it 's time to replace all the media , they 're pretty expensive ! For the price , it is not worth it ! I could have bought 5 x AquaClear 50 and they would have done a way better job !!!
 Product damages floors and carpet . Leaks . Mars the company that makes this bad filter does not back up product . Look at a different filter . Trust me .
 We bought a home and inherited a 120 Gal tank . Came with the XP3 . We had a local professional come over and show us how to maintain the tank . About two hours after he left this filter started leaking and dropped about 10 gallons in our living room . We bought new O-Rings , watched the videos on how to prime etc. . . Working just fine . I moved it under the tank and it started leaking again even with a new O-rings . That was after making sure the hoses were n't putting any pressure on the quick disconnectThe problem I found is if you move this unit -LRB- even inches -RRB- after it 's primed it will leak . The disconnect is not very stable and the top to this canister does n't seal tight.It 's a sneaky leaker too . It can sit for several hours and not leak . Leave your home and come back to a MESS!I need to have confidence that our tank will not drain into our living room . I plan on replacing this canister when we find another filter . Probably go to a Wet/Dry system .
 I had high hopes for this filter , but the performance was very disapointing . I installed on my 120 gal tank and removed my 2 emperor 400 filters and assumed I could easily filter my tank with 4 fish in it . Install was not hard but at inital start up after 15 min running the main seal started leaking like a sive . I reset the top and no more leak but it is always in the back of my head , what if I am at work and it starts to leak ? Big mess ! My tank was recently vacuumed and the water was crystal clear at the time of install but after 2 days of operation the tank became cloudy and the ammonia levels thru the roof . I lost one fish and a second was near death . I immediately reinstalled my 2 emperor 400 filters and was able to clear the tank in about two hours . The fish near death made a full recovery . After pulling the filter out I noticed the bottom filter pads were not allowing water to flow thru . Rinsed all the compenents and put filter back into service . Right now I am running all three until I can contact the manufacturer to find out if its normal to have to clean the filter every 3 days .
 Retails in a brick and mortar store for 169.00 why be it with this company ??
 What is achieved with this remedy is exactly the same result you would get by giving your pet 30c pellets of the homeopathic remedy Ledum Palustre -LRB- 2x/day for 3 days -RRB- . Just want to let you know in case you want to save some money !
 no directions . Powder is hard as a rock . I think I have a bad/old product . But who knows since there is n't any directions ???
 I 've used this comb for my cat and she still sheds all over the place.Maybe it 's best used for grooming , not so much for shedding .
 The printed words within the posted product image specifically indicate that this pond net is both `` telescopic '' and `` collapsible . '' It is neither . It is just a 12 '' hand net that neither extends nor collapses . Someone attached the wrong image to this listing .
 My pet sitter gifted my dog with one of these for the holidays . I tried to find reviews of them due to my dog 's previous problems with chicken jerky , etc. but I found no reviews . I gave it to my dog and within one day he developed a severe rash on his belly and under his legs . His ears became infected , as did his eyes . His front paws swelled to twice their size . BEWARE , there is something chemical in these things that can trash your dog and your checkbook at the vet . DO NOT BUY THESE !
 I paid for functionality , storage , and appearance ; I received none of these . Like the 2011 review , what I received is not what is pictured or described . The stand they sent does n't match that reviewer 's description - no gray or chrome - all black . There is no storage space . The unit is just three planks -LRB- only 23 '' tall instead of the 27 advertised -RRB- made of sturdy wood -LRB- or maybe wood-like -RRB- . These assemble in an H formation . There are also two disks to put top and bottom . The disks are not 14 '' in diameter as specified , but 13.75 '' and with the beveling there 's less than 13 '' diameter of usable space . It 's wobbles easily on carpet , tile , linoleum and hardwood . I will not risk using it for my Hex5 tank - which had been it 's intended purpose . I might consider putting a one-gallon aquarium on it if I did n't have pets , kids , or anyone who might accidentally brush against it and send my betta to an untimely demise . Good points
 I returned this product the moment I saw it because the handle was so small . Because I never opened and tried the brush , I ca n't tell you if it works well or not . I just do n't like how small the handle is . It would not be a comfortable brush to hold for any lenght of time so I returned it .
 The sound stopped almost immediately after the first use . It was cute while it lasted , but not worth the money !
 I was surprised that this toy is suppose to be for dogs . My puppy which is a small dog had the nose torn off and was taking the stuffing out by the second day . So unfornatley I had to throw it out . It was a cute toy and had the same colors of my doggie .
 The toy is cute and my Yorkie definitely loved it , but he destroyed it within 15 minutes . All it took was 15 minutes for my 4lb Yorkie to rip a whole in the side of the dogs head . I took it away and sowed it back up and gave to him again the next day . He tore a new hole on the other side of the head . Sowed it up again and gave it back to him again . A few minutes later he tore an ear off . After that I figured it was a losing battle and put the toy in the trash . It was a cool toy the small period of time that it did last .
 The only thing I can say nice about this toy is that it is cute ! Might make a cute -LRB- although expensive -RRB- toy for a child but is a HORRIBLE dog toy . My 7 month old , 20 pound puppy had the nose off in less than 24 hours and we had to take it away from her since stuffing is coming out !!! I wish I spent the money on another Kong toy and I am so disappointed in this purchase that I am writing my first review although I have been shopping on Amazon for years !
 The net is ok but the telescoping wand is very short and the net capture area small for the money
 Materials used to produce these toys not tough at all . Seam on back split after one day -- same toy from 5-6 years ago still going strong -LRB- minus whiskers and eyes -RRB- . Would not recommend today 's version !!
 If your pet has EVER torn open any toy , do NOT buy this because it 's got several small parts -LRB- batteries , broken plastic -RRB- that a dog can ingest and cause serious problems -- Dangerous
 I purchased this to learn about Dachshunds , the sizes , coats , colors and temperaments . I did n't learn a thing . Do n't waste your time and money on this one .
 First of all , this `` house '' is incredibly small . Only a small kitten would not feel cramped when going inside . I feel bad for the cat pictured on the box looking through the little window in the back.Second , the setup is n't that easy . It 's not extraordinarily difficult , but it takes a while ! The hooks do n't go in right , they do n't attach to the walls like they should , and the walls fall out after a while if they 're not being held ! The roof too . You 'll probably need more than one person for this setup if you 're still going to buy it.I give it more than one star because it 's pretty and probably comfortable for the cats .
 I was extremely disappointed when I received this . Basically cardboard and cheap thin plastic . No instructions were included , just two obscure non-deciperible drawings . I was making headway though , but the pieces wouldnt fit together as they were -LRB- aparently -RRB- supposed to , not in any other way . The plastiv ` doorway snapped as I attempted to snap it in place . I was not being unduly rough , in fact was being quite gentle in consideration of the fragility of the materials.Had it fit together in the proper manner -LRB- which it never did -RRB- it would not have held the weight of more than a small kitten.Thankfully Amazon is reliable and I received a full refund .
 The photo of the product online is quite deceptive ! The Cozy Kingdom photo makes it look stable , well-constructed and large enough for a normal size cat . In reality , the Cozy Kingdom is anything but . It is basically cardboard and cheap thin plastic . And some of the plastic grooves that needed to be snapped into place arrived broken . No instructions were included , and assembling this piece of garbage took me about 2 hours . I had 2 friends also try to assemble the `` Kingdom , '' but the pieces wouldnt fit together as they were supposed to ! The Kingdom would NOT securely snap all together.We got it `` somewhat '' put together and realized that even if we could 've gotten it properly assembled , it would have only held a kitten under 3 lbs . Spend a few more bucks , go to regular pet store and buy your cat a real cat condo already assembled and not out of pieces of cardboard and cheap plastic !
 I threw this product away 15 minutes after assembling it . It is made of stiff carpeting material held together badly by four pieces of thin plastic . A gentle bump with a fist would cause it to fall apart.It is not waterproof , and not for outdoor use.You 'd be far better off to spend a little more to get a satisfactory product .
 This item arrived with no instructions save for 2 pictures on the box . After puzzling and finally figuring out how it went together I was eventually able to assemble it . Many of the pieces fit poorly and when it was together you could hardly pick it up without it coming apart again . I tried glue to no avail and finally threw it in the garbage as a lost cause . If you love frustration , do buy one of these for it will give you several wonderful hours of irritation .
 This should be a 0 rating but not an option.BEWARE DO NOT BUY THIS LEASH !!! DO NOT BUY THIS LEASH !!!! PLEASE.This past weekend we were camping at a State Park . We were walking the Upper gorge trail when our 18 month old puppy spotted a chipmunk . We hit the button and the leash snapped at the nylon 1 '' above the collar connection . The puppy feel 200 feet straight off the gorge and another 12 feet when he bounced over the lower trail into the river . Amazingly I can say he survived after many rescue efforts and surgery at Cornell.BEWARE OF THIS LEASH . COMPANY HAS NOT EVEN CONTACTED ME !!!!!
 I used this net to clean scum from a 20x20 foot drainage pond . The first thing I noticed was that if you extend the handle it bends and would easily break . So I shortened the handle all the way , and was very careful not to put too much pressure on it . After about 30 minutes of skimming algae from the pond , I noticed a 2x2 inch hole in the net . Apparently a stick or some sharp object had punctured it . Now I have to buy something else more durable .
 Broke first time the net was used to catch fish in a small pond . Good idea as a collapsible net but therein lies it weak points . It is now permanently collapsed
 I give this video 2 stars , since it did provide useful information on the Chihuahua , albeit in a hasty manner . Be warned that the contents of this video are so poorly put together that it seems like a spoof on pet videos rather than a serious product . For laughs , take a look at it for yourself and check out the host and dog superimposed on the background ; the shorthair chi presented as a longhair ; the questionable `` vet '' with the top half of his face cut off the screen and on mute while the host explained instead ; and finally , the example family man-handling their chi -LRB- they should have said chis are not recommended for young children , but you 'll find that out after watching the video -RRB- . The `` bonus '' expert seemed embarrassed to be on the video , yet was the best part of the show ; however , it would have been better if she was demonstrating training techniques with a chi rather than an australian sheep dog !
 This video has no redeeming value . Some guy talks as you look at his chihuahua.It teaches nothing and is pure boredom .
 The toy parrot we received did not chirp as described , but instead says , `` Polly want a cracker ? '' . Unfortunately , we bought this for a dog that loves to chase the birds in the yard and we thought having a toy that chirped would be fun . Of course , this is a toy parrot , and saying something like `` Polly want a cracker ? '' would be a more typical thing for a parrot to say . I only wish the description was accurate .
 This product has a strong scent when you spray it on . We like to brush it through our dogs fur . It 's pleasant for a few hours , but fades fast . Our dog does not have a strong odor . So I wonder if it would do anything for one that is odiferous . Overall for under two bucks . You ca n't beat it .
 I used this product on all 3 of my pets , all with the same result . They initially smell good , but within a day they stink worse than they did before . It as if this stuff absorbs all the odors they come in contact with . I tried several more times , using less and less each time , all with the same result .
 My puppy hates baths and I thought I would try this waterless shampoo as an alternative to a bath . I used the product exactly as per the instructions but it didnt clean my puppy one bit ! He is pure white , so it is pretty easy to see if a product has helped clean him up or not.The only reason I have given it two stars is that it is like using a good conditioner . It makes my puppy 's fur very smooth and soft and makes him smell really good !
 I purchased the &#34; Miracle Coat Foaming Waterless Dog Shampoo &#34; in hopes that it might function to help my dog extend his periods between baths . He is a 110lb Shepard/Mastiff mix and is rather un-fond of water . And when a 110 pound dog decides that he would rather not do something it is rather difficult to get him to change his mind . But , on to the review!Smell
 Did absolutely nothing for my dog 's itch which is due to allergies . My dog was clean , but there are many other products that can do that for less $ $ 's
 At&eacute; o momento no chegou o medicamento no Brasil e j&aacute; caiu o pagamento no meu carto de cr&eacute;dito , isso &eacute; um absurdo ... sei que est&aacute; no prazo , mas no deveria cair na fatura do carto at&eacute; realmente ter certeza que chegou ...
 I 'm really upset because Denosyl has only 7 months until expires validity . I bought 12 boxes , and now , what should I do whit the 5 that will be expired ?? You must put the validity on site , then we can decide how many boxes we should buy .
 My mini-schnauzer has epileptic seizures and possible liver problems . I recently purchased this product for the benefits to help the liver process the phenobarb needed to control the seizures . I also work with a vet who told me she could not save a number of animals who came in after they had been on this product . Just want to make people aware of this so that you can make a better decision before purchasing . Ask your vet first and maybe get a second opinion as well .
 Denosyl is a very good product.However , as it says on the package , it is sold ONLY through veterinarians.Just as other veterinary products -LRB- particularly flea treatments of various kinds -RRB- , it can often be found in secondary NON veterinary outlets , such as Amazon . How is the product obtained ? Is it the same product ? Can you be sure it has n't been tanmpered with or altered in any way ? -LRB- yes , people do that - there 's money in cheap veterinary secondary market products -RRB- . The manufacturer WILL NOT guarantee the product if not purchased through a vet . The manufacturer WILL NOT cover expenses associated with bad reactions to the product if not purchased through a vet.The listed price here is what my distributor charges ME for the product . How can it cost in the retail market what it costs in the wholesale market?BUYER BEWARE people - you may just be getting what you 're paying for.A vet .
 buying pet supplies or medical supplies for your pet from Absolutely Pets ? Do n't bother . My first delivery was damaged , the second was lost completely , now they tell me they are out of stock , so my dog is supposed to go without his meds ? Over three weeks they hung me up forcing me to run to the vet and pay twice the price for my Lab 's liver medication . Do n't trust these people . They are unorganized and slow to respond . Will I ever get my $ 93 refund ? Who knows ?
 My 8 month old kitten was a suspect for FIP -LRB- Feline Infectious Peritonitis -RRB- which is almost always fatal , with kittens almost never reaching their first birthday . She was as yellow & as jaunticed as can be - & so thin & weak . I was heartbroken at the thought of losing her . I did some research & found out about Denosyl & wanted to give it a try . I consulted with our vet , who also recommended we try it & said she had seen very positive results with it as far as helping the liver to repair itself & function better . Along with a 2 week course of antibiotics - Scout has been on it a month & has picked up weight , has been so playful & her color has returned to a more normal pink . She 's not out of the woods yet , & she is in my prayers constantly - but - for whatever time she has left with us - I want her to be as healthy & as happy as I can possibly have her be . And the Denosyl is helping her be just that . She has 3 IG 's that adore her , as well as her litter sister & 2 other household cats . We all want her with us as long as possible . And with the Denosyl , she just might make it til her first birthday -- & beyond !!! I just received our latest shipment for the next 3 months . I plan to keep her on it indefinately - like our vet recommended . I give it 5 stars !!!
 I have no complaints on the product itself , as my cat is still under treatment and all seems fine.About the way it was packed , on the other hand , it could n't possibly be worse ... I ordered two packs of 30 which came poorly wraped , with no hard enclosure . Because of that , some of the blisters were open and I had to throw 5 pills away.Hope others do n't waste their money as I did .
 We 've been feeding our two dogs for Purina Chicken and Rice for 16 years combined . They have done well on the food as far as I know . Here 's some things you should know.On 1/9/13 , Purina recalled two jerky treats that were being produced in China ! Yes , China . The US leading manufacturer of dog food is so greedy , they will risk your dogs ' lives . Not just risk either . They have been killing dogs for years with these treats but never admitted to it until now even with countless dog owners calling and telling them of deaths and near-deaths . The ones that did n't die had thousands spent in vet bills.Look at the ingredients by weight
 My dog loved the original Purina One Adult Chicken with Rice Dog Food . However , since Purina developed the smart-blend , she wo n't eat it unless I add some turkey . The tan color pieces are awful - kind of rubbery . I went back to buying the regular Purina Chicken and Rice Mix where all the morsels are pretty much the same in size and color . My dog really likes the older version much better . I wo n't be buying the blend mixture again . Sometimes , change is n't better .
 Great deal at about $ 11 . I bought a bag and subscribed for scheduled delivery . Then a couple of weeks later , the price jumps to $ 17.92 , well over the cost locally.Canceled any future deliveries . Nice dog food , crazy way to do business , Amazon .
 Two stars is kind . I am not sure what is going on here as I have been using this dog food for some time now ... . but the bag I just opened -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- is not the same as the last ten bag of this stuff . First off it is a different color ??? and second the soft bits are hardly in this bag . The soft bits that are in the bag are hard and crumble in my hand . Now this may not be Amazon fault ... . it could have been store wrong ... or Purina has change the blend . Either way I am not happy nor is my dog . I will be calling Purina first thing tomorrow morning and ask for my money back and then buy a local bag and see what is what . So right now buyer beware .10 / 04/2012 Just an update ... . called Purina and the are sending me a coupon for a free bag and an additional discount coupon for my trouble ... . but it will take 7 to ten days . My wife went to walmart today to get a new bag so my dog will eat again ; - -RRB-
 Although attractive , this horrible product trapped a tiny little chickadee as it tried to perch on the stand -LRB- I ground-mounted it -RRB- . We discovered him after he had nearly pecked his own leg off trying to escape . I was able to free him by prying the bars of the mounting stand apart , all the while scaring the poor creature closer to death , and he was finally able to fly off where I 'm certain he will die , either from trauma or an infection . I 'm terribly disappointed with this product . Please be aware of this awful flaw and do n't use the stand to mount the bowl .
 I used the metal base to set the bird bath in the ground . On two separate occasions , a gold finch became trapped in the metal bars of the stand by its wings . The first time it happened , I figured it was some kind of weird freak occurrence . The second time , I immediately took the bird bath down . Thankfully both times I was able to gently release the bird with no obvious damage . Please do n't use this product with the metal gound stand .
 Run ! Rust spots within weeks -LRB- the brass/copper finish is about a micron thick -RRB- , rust HOLES within a year . Virtually impossible to install on the stand . This product is junk , junk , junk !
 I 'm disappointed in the product because rust spots started appearing in the bottom within the first month to six weeks .
 This was a huge disappointment . This basin is not `` sparkling copper '' as stated in the description ... it is more like a dull , flat , terracotta color . I highly doubt it is even copper ... it looks more like a painted metal bowl . Or maybe it is made of some sort of `` Chinese copper '' that I 've never seen before.The photo of this item looks great -- actually looks like a copper basin . This is not what I received , however . The Nature 's Room representative explained that in order to save money , the manufacturer `` thinned '' the copper a little so that is why it looks different . I feel like an idiot for ordering this . I will definitely be returning it .
 Feels like it just might break at any moment.Does a great job skimming small ponds and pools though
 I purchased this trying to learn more about my new puppy ... very frustrated ! The content & the way it is delivered seems like it is for 5 year old children . I am very dissapointed & would urge someone else to shop around to find a different product !
 When the box arrived , the bottom was open and the bag of cat food was open inside of the zippered plastic bag . I think it probably fell out of the box causing the bag to open or something . It took about a week to get here so I do n't know how long it was open . The cats still eat it but I do n't know ... I just get a feeling that they do n't think it 's as good as it usually is . I hope there is no penalty if I cancel my subscription for this . Something like this though is why I was worried about starting Amazon subscriptions to things . I 've started to buy a lot of every day items through Amazon after I found out I could have them delivered to my home so conveniently , but I am still a fairly new member .
 I tried this because Amazon was out of my usual rabbit bedding and it had pretty good reviews . Maybe it works better for smaller animals or if your rabbit is litter box trained so you do n't have to line the entire cage with this bedding but it just does n't work for my bunny . This stuff is so light that it is now all over the place because every time the rabbit moves , he kicks some into the air and it flies out of the cage . Plus , it gets stuck in his fur -LRB- and he 's not a long-haired rabbit so it should n't be an issue . -RRB- I have to do whole cage changes much more frequently than I did before and the economical aspect of it is now a negative because I 'd like to order my other brand but now I have ALL of this other bedding to use up ! There are better options out there -LRB- I personally ca n't seem to find anything that works as well as Kritter Krumbles Coconut bedding . -RRB- Again , it might be perfect for smaller animals that ca n't kick it everywhere but not for my regular-sized bunny -LRB- not a dwarf or a giant ; I can only imagine how far this would have traveled kicked by my old Flemish Giant ! -RRB- If you want to give this product a try , I 'd suggest taking the risk with the smaller bag , even though it 's less of a deal .
 I won a sample pack of this bedding that was just enough to cover my degu 's 10 gallon tank . It was very staticky and started to stick to my degu 's fur . Then when they dug in the corners to hide their treats they were able to dig through it so fast they started just moving the medding around the cage - pushing it all to one side then the other . This left a lot of exposed glass at the bottom . In the spots where there was bedding it did a fantastic job absorbing moisture.I 'd only buy this for a dig box for them - never again for bedding . Mixing it with other bedings might work but fir the price I would n't buy again . Use Carefresh -LRB- CareFresh Pet Bedding/Litter -RRB- or a paper bedding with baking soda -LRB- PETCO Small Animal Paper Bedding with Baking Soda , 14 liters , Color : Blue -RRB- instead .
 There were bugs/worms in the bag . Some hatched and alive , some unhatched and some dead -LRB- cobwebby looking things -RRB- . Absolutely disgusting , but apparently this issue has been ongoing for years with Purina -LRB- I 'd suggest searching at complaints again Purina before buying this brand -- huge eye opener -RRB- . Beware !
 I do n't know whether it was the high fat content spurring on feline acne -LRB- food literally leaves a grease stain on her nose after eating it -RRB- or just an allergic reaction , but this food gave my kitten some pretty bad swelling , redness , and slight hair loss around the lips . I was forced to switch brands after a move recently and noticed the sores went away , finally found this brand again after a few weeks , and the sores promptly returned . Now I have her back on another brand , and within a week of switching the sores went away again .
 I did n't really find that this helped with the stains around my dog 's eyes . He still had them everyday even though I used this on him at least 3 times a day .
 This stuff is mostly corn and grain filler that 's not good for cats . But at least the first ingredient is chicken , although there are meat by-products also . There are much healthier choices like Innova EVO , Felidae , Natural Balance , etc. .
 Is to small for even the smaller crabs . Also it does not hold alot of water and gets tipped easily .
 I have had my hermit crabs for in excess of 8 years now . What I have found is that more often than not the products for these pets are over priced and of poor quality . Since boiling water is the preferred method of cleaning crabitat accessories I have often worried about the safety of reusing plastics . In response to this concern I started using small porcelain bowls . Small ` dipping sauce ' bowls -LRB- or containers like the ones you see in restaurants that hold sugar packets -RRB- are easily pushed into the substrate to prevent tipping , can be washed repeatedly with no concern and MUCH less expensive . -LRB- $ 1.99 -3.99 -RRB-
 Placed order on Sept 15 , 2010 for a Penguin Bio-Wheel Assembly and 6pk of filter cartridges . Received notification that items were shipped the the next day and charged for both items . Received package around 21 Sept with only 6pk filter cartridges and no Bio Wheel assembly . Contacted vendor on 25 Sept 2010 to request status of Bio Wheel Assembly and was informed on 27 Sept 2010 that item was not in stock and it would be sent once it was placed in stock . I was never informed that it was n't in stock prior to my request for status . That information should communicated when the order is placed or at the latest prior to the items being shipped . I then requested when will the item be available . I was informed on 27 Sept 2010 that it would be available in the following week . I then received another email from vendor on 28 Sept that informed the item was on back order from the vendor and would n't be available for 1-2 weeks . To make a long story short I requested a refund . Not sure if anyone else has had this problem but wanted to make sure it was documented . I good business does n't charge you for items it does n't have and it keeps you informed if items are not in stock . I gave 1 star for poor business practices not for the product .
 These bottles must be old or something . I have used adams spray for 15yrs and only when I have bought online have I found that many of them just didnt work . Its like they actually made the flea problem worse . I would bet they are old stock and the chemicals have of course changed over time and were actually causing an increase in fleas in some manner . Hatching eggs or attracting adult fleas or something ! As I said , its most probably because these bottles online are from OLD stock .
 I used this spray on my sons cat as regular preventive care . It was the first time that we had used this product and I found the smell to be very strong . After I sprayed him down he was drooling very badly , was very lethargic and could n't seem to control his bladder . I consulted our vet who advised me to immediately wash him with Dawn dishsoap and next time to use any other product besides this one . He is still fighting for his life and we just have to wait and see if he survives . Please just get something else , it is n't worth the life of your pet .
 I do n't know who came up with this product but clearly the responsible party does not know anything about goldfish . This 2.5 G starter kit is a death chamber for goldfish . Goldfish are not hardy like the wonderful betta splendens . Goldfish are high maintenance critters . First they eat a lot of vegetation and well ... what goes in must come out . In other words , they have to relieve themselves quite a bit . For their bathroom habits , goldfish requires a powerful filter which this product was not designed to hold . Secondly , goldfish are social fish . They like to be among their own kind and 2.5 gallons is not big enough for a few goldfish , let alone one goldfish . If anything you can use this start kit for betta fish but you will need a heater for it . Bettas are tropical fish whose origins are based in Thailand . They are used to warm waters in the range of 75 to 80 degrees fahrenheit . You will also need a cover because bettas are jumpers . Oh and try to do water changes every 3 days . After all fishes live in their own toilets . The ammonia in their waste does affect their health . Products like this so-called Goldfish Bowl Start Kit is an abomination . The company who makes these awful products are profiting off bad information passed around at pet stores and online . Please do your research in fish forums before you invest in a fish regardless of species . If you do n't , the consequences could be fatal for the fish .
 I do n't know who came up with this product but clearly the responsible party does not know anything about goldfish . This 2.5 G starter kit is a death chamber for goldfish . Goldfish are not hardy like the wonderful betta splendens . Goldfish are high maintenance critters . First they eat a lot of vegetation and well ... what goes in must come out . In other words , they have to relieve themselves quite a bit . For their bathroom habits , goldfish requires a powerful filter which this product was not designed to hold . Secondly , goldfish are social fish . They like to be among their own kind and 2.5 gallons is not big enough for a few goldfish , let alone one goldfish . If anything you can use this start kit for betta fish but you will need a heater for it . Bettas are tropical fish whose origins are based in Thailand . They are used to warm waters in the range of 75 to 80 degrees fahrenheit . You will also need a cover because bettas are jumpers . Oh and try to do water changes every 3 days . After all fishes live in their own toilets . The ammonia in their waste does affect their health . Products like this so-called Goldfish Bowl Start Kit is an abomination . The company who makes these awful products are profiting off bad information passed around at pet stores and online . Please do your research in fish forums before you invest in a fish regardless of species . If you do n't , the consequences could be fatal for the fish .
 After five months the tank started leaking and has ruined my carpet ; and i have spent so much money on fish because they ca n't breath good and have died . i 'm at a complete lost because i 've had to sent the tank back at my expense . I highly recommend that you do n't waste your time and money on this tank !!!
 It is not made of acrylic tubing . It is made of two peaces of molded plastic glued lengthwise . Cheep ! The base and the top are made of painted cardboard . Just imagine what would happen to it if it becomes wet ? Having 20 gallons of water on your floor is a very likely possibility ! Feeding the fish is not very practical either , you would have to disconnect the electrical wires , remove the light and remove the top to do that , and unless you are 7feet tall you would probably need a step ladder . On the other hand if it was a quality product it would likely cost over 500 bucks . Plain and simple `` you get what you paid for '' .
 First try and grow bacteria . If this works , awesome ! Then try and grow plants , if good , congratulations ! Then maybe add a couple of tadpoles . If they do n't die and turn into frogs , take them out and put them in a pond - Wicked ! But by no means put fish of any description in this . As said they will die.In fact just do n't buy it . Unless you like stupid things .
 This tank is horrible because of the surface and your fish will not be able to breaththe Boy
 If you like fish , this is NOT the tank for you . Fish need surface area , where the water comes in contact with air , for aeration of their water . Tall , narrow tanks , generally , are a bad idea , and this one looks particularly foolish .
 I am always impressed with the timeliness for shipping and delivery of my purchase however , I was very disappointed in the quality of the product this time . Many of the tablets are broken due either to product quality or poor packaging before shipment . I am not sure that I will reorder this product again . Sincerely , Tami Hales
 This is a great product , have used it for years and this brand has actually been tested to ensure you get what it says you do . Unfortunately , Amazon sent me the wrong product - TWICE , and then tried to charge me this shipping to return it so each return took 2 phone calls since you have to get special permission to return a vitamin type of thing ...
 The picture clearly shows a handle , and my mistake for not reading fine print that says `` handle sold separately '' . But really ? Ca n't really use it with out the handle . Amazon should show the handle as an additional item .
 Paid for expedited shipping and it was sent standard . It does not come with a four foot pole as listed in the item description . I 'm not very happy with Amazon or PETCO on this one . Go to ACE Hardware and save on inflated shipping costs .
 I was very excited about receiving this toy for my German shorthair pointer -LRB- age 9 months -RRB- as he loves to retrieve . We usually play with tennis balls but I just ca n't throw them far enough . So I thought this toy would be great for him . Unfortunately , within 24 hours of receiving the toy , he had broken the ball in half . Just by chewing on it as he brought it back to me . He was n't even sitting there chewing on it for long periods of time - it was just in the time that he took him to bring the ball back to me , and he would chew up and down on the ball . Well , this ball is very flimsy and did not hold up for very long . A tennis ball would work a lot better !
 I thought i was buying the larger balls and thrower when i purchased the chuck it ! ? The thrower and balls to small for labs ???
 I have been buying `` Chuck It '' ball throwers since they first came out and I used to love them . BUT NOW they have resized the holder so you must buy their Balls , it NO LONGER HOLDS REGULAR TENNIS BALLS . I feel they have defrauded me and I am disappointed in them because the packaging does not tell you this ! It is very misleading . To buy the Chuck it sized Balls YOU MUST buy them from them and they charge $ 13.99 for these balls . FYI regular tennis balls go for about $ 1.00 each . Do n't be a sucker !
 Have bought this item in pet stores and it comes with a hard ball that is useable . The first time I threw the ball the dog bit into it and it popped . Dangerous and useless !!!
 Bought the product to help my small pond from freezing over . The pump worked fine until the temperatures hit 27 Deg . F . The pump stopped working during the night , woke up to a frozen pond . Not good if you want a worry free solution to freeze overs .
 Product arrived quickly and overall the quality of the pump and the line are above my expectations . However , the included air stone was blocked and did not work correctly . I ended up going to the store and replacing with a new air stone . When I attempted to contact the original seller I was told to contact Amazon , at which my only option was to return the entire item .
 Do n't waste your money ! Grab a straw and blow your own bubbles in to your pond . This `` product '' worked for about 3 days and stopped . I between figuring out where to send it for a refund we checked the outlet , breaker , checked to see if the line was clogged and finally came to the conclusion that this thing was shot ! We thought we had found a great deal since our neighbor had paid $ 20 more for hers but I guess we got what we paid for . What a waste of money !
 this aeration kit is useless if your pond is away from the house like mine is , the product description states that this is great for pond aeration and is the suggested companion to the pond deicer , reason why I bought it . The kit instructions states that the air pump to is not to be used unprotected from the elements outdoors and to be kept away from freezing temperatures.unless your pond is close to the house and you are willing to drill a hole trough the house wall this product is nothing else than an aquarium pomp with a large Styrofoam float
 Not a bad product . Regular Tennis Balls work best with the launcher , I 've found , and are much more durable and less expensive . My Weimaraner and I go through a lot of balls when we train . IMHO you 're paying extra for the color and printing .
 My black lab mix went for these balls like a cat goes for catnip . Probably because of the bright colors . Unfortunately these CHUCKIT balls ca n't withstand a RIGOROUS play session without FALLING APART . We have used Tennis balls for -LSB- 2 -RSB- years with no problem . One of these balls lasted less than -LSB- 1 -RSB- HOUR and the others do n't look like they will last for much more time than a week !
 These are the tennis-type balls that come with the original Chuckit thrower . They 're OK , but they do n't go the distance or have the `` mouth appeal '' of the Ultra Chuckit ball . My yard is littered with these balls and none of my dogs will play with them , only the Ultra ball or various Planet Dog balls . Plus , according to The Whole Dog Journal , these colorful tennis balls are laden with chemicals that are n't healthy for your dog . Spend the money on Ultra ChuckIt balls ; They cost more but last longer , fly farther , and are easy to clean.This product has been rated by two young Labs -LRB- brothers -RRB- , a Golden Retriever and a Beagle .
 I thought since the Chuckit super balls were so durable I 'd give these a try . These are good for 1-2 fetch outings each with my Labs . Regular tennis balls are much more durable and can be bought for a fraction on the price per ball .
 My dogs -LRB- lab & golden retriever -RRB- destroyed these in a matter of minutes , then I had to take them away for fear of choking . DO NOT ORDER . All of the rubber chuckit ! balls are amazing and my dogs love them !
 People listen to me . The people who write good reviews on this product either have small dog who does n't know how to chew or they are someone who works for the company and is lying.My tiny Boston Terrier broke all four balls in 3 days . Once they get the cover off they split in half and are no good . You have to keep these balls away from your dog when you are not playing with them . Better yet just get some cheap tennis balls . The work the same with the thrower device and wo n't split in half like these cheap , worthless , piece of **** do.I want my money back . I Chucked my money right down the drain.Rip-off .
 Would have rated no star if available . Beefeaters Chicken Liver Freeze Dried Treats for Dogs , are a product of China , and irradiated `` for your protection '' according to the company 's hold message . Called Amazon.com customer service , and requested a full refund with pre-paid returned shipping . Too bad none of this is in the product description . Amazon CSR was very helpful , and very cooperative , postage paid shipping label received via email immediately . Thank you , Amazon.com !
 My gals love them , of course , but then they 'd eat lead paint chips if you covered them with something tasty ... Sorry , I just do n't trust that China 's standards are safe . If they let bad milk/food for babies slide through why would they give a hoot about dog/cat treats ? Country of origin should be stated on the ad blurb . I would never have bought these and am sending them back .
 Anyone see where theses are made ? - I am avoiding treats from China because of all the problems lately . and I do not see a country of origin here .
 I wish I would have just purchased an extension pad instead of 2 of these . Worthless for my cat , unfortunately . She is stubborn and inquisitive , and will always try to see if the pads are on . So , this did n't work at all . She figured out , immediately , that these were fake pads -LRB- even with the real thing right next to them , and ON -RRB- and walked all over them . I had them on the dining table , and found her there , happy as a clam . So they 're going to be used for litter box liners maybe , I do n't know.Now one thing I 'll note is all cats are different and what did n't work for my cat might work well for another one . Mine just figures things out quickly , and these never had a chance .
 I thought I would get what is PICTURED , a dummy looking Matt that would be an empty clear box -LRB- no electronics of course -RRB- attached -LRB- or able to be attached -RRB- to this clear Matt.Yes the plastic is very similar to my real ScatMat -LRB- that has worked great for 2 years -RRB- . But the lack of the box , and the lack of wires -LRB- or even JUST an image of thin wires would do the trick on the underside of the Matt ... HINT HINT HINT -RRB- would have been great.Like most folks I KNEW this was not a functional box -LRB- at 25 % of the cost -RRB- but expected the `` Dummy Matt '' to at least RESEMBLE the real thing ... I have no idea -LRB- just got it today -RRB- if it will fool both of my cats , but I will try ! I know if it simply LOOKED like the real thing that would have done it . My real Matt has had a dead battery for a month or more and both of our cats do not go near the doorway -LRB- bedroom -RRB- it protects . That was why I knew a dummy Matt would be fine ... I hate to say it but I am quite tempted to return this and get a second functional Matt and leave the battery out ... I will give it a try , but really hate that BOTH PICTURES -LRB- two sizes -RRB- linked to this dummy item show the real thing . If you look CLOSELY the thumbnail picture in your order and below the item when you look at `` Frequently Bought Together '' shows what you will get . A completely clear Matt with the holes cut out for the box to attach . My guess is this is the Matt `` raw '' before it gets the wires in the factory . If they had simply SHOWED the correct picture my expectations would have been different and I would have given this more stars ... EVEN RIGHT NOW as I look to my right it shows YET ANOTHER DIFFERENT picture of this item that IS NOT accurate . In the picture showing is the extension with the wires clearly visible as are the snaps -LRB- no box though -RRB- . Come on guys , it would cost MAYBE a dollar to include a clear plastic box with the dummy matt , and the shipping box is already plenty big enough to contain it.Also , fire the dolt who thought this packaging and product was a good idea -LRB- hire me ! -RRB- . This device should get it 's own manual and NOT include the manual for the real scatmat ! No wonder why you guys have gotten so many bad reviews . So change the included manual -LRB- no cost -RRB- and include a clear plastic box -LRB- cost will be under $ 1 for the empty box -RRB- . I would gladly pay $ 5 more for just the damn empty box and this would have been a 5 star review !
 The picture depicts the electrical box as part of the item . Not true . All you receive , essentially , is a plastic mat with hole punchouts to inset the electrical box you most likely have if you bought the ScatMat . It is not worth it . I love the scat mat , but they should include a dummy box too .
 When you look at the photos you believe it appears just like a scat-mat but dont believe it as it is just a mat without the power box which it should include a dummy one too . The mat has holes for a box but one was not shipped with it so basically you are paying for a plastic mat . Have not tried it yet so I will let you know if it works without the box .
 We received a free coupon from Purina for a bag of Yesterday 's News . We are used to using clumping litter and prefer `` World 's Best Cat Litter '' over many others . This product is completely terrible . The product is messy and goes everywhere . Because it does n't absorb or clump , the solid `` pieces '' even come out of the litter box and we are constantly having to pick up pieces of litter and `` the other '' off the floor . The product does nothing for odor control either . I do not recommend this product and luckily it was free because I would n't pay for another bag .
 My very average chewing dog was done with it in under 5 minutes . I was hoping that for this kind of money this bone would last a little longer . Next time , I 'll simply get her rolled pig skins . They last about 10 minutes , are filled with yummy paste and they cost so much less .
 This product is promoted as safe for puppies but my nine week old Boston Terrier has choked on them . He is able to bite the tip off with his razor sharp teeth and has no regard for how big the piece is . They only last maybe 20 minutes tops . I wo n't buy them again because even while being supervised my pup is fast and can down large chunks before I realize it , and after choking twice on these bones ... no more Nylabone Edibles for Petey !
 This does not create a tight fit on my standard 5.5 oz cat food cans , which means I overspent for a useless device . All I wanted was a tight enough cover to insure the food does n't get stale in the refrigerator , but instead I bought a high tech carbon producing product that does n't work well . What a frustrating waste of money , time , and personal energy . Another product for the growing trash heap . ONE STAR , Please .
 Bought this for my rabbit when the seal on his old bottle stopped working and leaked continuously . Gave him a couple days to figure out the valve , and he simply could n't . Testing it with my finger , I can see that it takes quite a bit of pressure and a few seconds to get any water out of it at all , and if it 's pushed the wrong way , nothing happens at all . In addition , the end of the valve is shaped like the head of a nail , only a lot smaller , and that has to be painful to push on with a soft little tongue . Although I do like being able to fill it through the nice wide opening at the top , it 's useless if my poor bunny ca n't drink from it . I 'll be going back to a ball at the end instead of this awful thing . Not sure what they were thinking when they came up with it ...
 This is a huge waste of money ! We bought this because we have never had any luck with water bottles for our guinea pigs , so when we saw this we thought for sure this was the answer to our problems , boy were we wrong ! This leaks even worse than the cheaper bottle we had before . I now have to change the bedding more frequently and am therefore spending even more money after buying this expensive piece of junk .
 I bought this cuddlecup when I first got my piggie , thinking it seemed very comfortable and a nice place for him to sleep . Turns out it was way too large for him and he only seemed to use it as a toilet . I never saw him sleep in it . I had to throw it away because he damaged it beyond repair . I wo n't be buying this for my piggie again .
 For a VERY small dog , these would be fine . For anything over 5 # , they need to be longer so you have more leverage .
 I do n't think I have the ears of a dog but I sure can hear the piercing sound of this `` silent '' whistle . I 'd return it but the shipping would eat up most of the cost .
 IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR SOME THING CHEAP TO USE AROUND THE HOUSE , THIS IS ENOUGH . IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR PROFESSIONAL/COMPETITION LEVEL , THEN GET UK MADE , THEY HAVE PROVEN PRODUCT ON THE FIELD TRIAL ~ !!!!!
 I bought this for my purebred Golden , who is approx 51/2 yrs old . He must have been overbred because he has skin issues and arthritis at such a young age -LRB- they 've been happening for awhile -RRB- . I feed him HIGH quality dog food and also wanted to give him additional help with his skin issues so I purchased another brand of canine salmon oil at my local -LRB- name brand , very large co -RRB- pet store . He loved it and it seemed to help his skin and coat , so I figured I 'd buy this large bottle to save $ . What a mistake ! This worked in the beginning for both he and his pal -LRB- she 's a Golden mix -RRB- , until one day he started getting diarrhea ! So , I took him off it , but then she started getting it too a few weeks later . So , now I 've got a half bottle of this and it 's useless . In addition , there seems to be something weird with the pump because the oil oozes out . YUCK ... what a mess ! I threw it away and will go back to the `` good '' stuff at my big box pet store .
 Our dog bites and licks her paws and fur . This spray did nothing to deter her . She simply went to drink more water then went right back to licking herself . We tried several times with no effect .
 This product did not work for us at all . Our dog in fact enjoyed licking it off anything we put it on which encourged more chewing .
 My puppy has chewed through 3 leashes and I 've tried all sorts of `` remedies '' including this one . It deterred her for a few minutes but then I guess she just did n't mind it . In the end , what worked was clicker training her for another more appropriate behaving `` leave it '' .
 I got this thinking it works on anything you spray it on , but beware , it only works while it is still wet . Once it dries , which is fairly quickly , the taste seems to no longer affect my dog . He hates the bottle and the taste makes him jump back , but he also knows the taste will be gone soon , so he will wait for a minute and go at it again . I 'm thinking the best way to get dogs to stop biting and chewing is to train it very strictly or put it in obedience school if you can afford to .
 Item not received , bought it at local store . Love the product , my dogs hate the taste and have not gone chewed again where I sprayed
 I have used this product in the past for ferrets and it worked great . However , it did not even phase my 8 month old Golden retriever . I sprayed/saturated it onto his extendable leash and he still chewed right through it like there was nothing even on it !
 My Boxer and Lab mix chewed on everything , both breeds are notorious to be horrible chewers . Although the product worked on table legs ... . that was it . The puppy would lick my hands after application and lick the table legs , and then attempt to chew my hands again . Thank god she just turned 9 weeks old and is starting to obey commands for not biting and chewing .
 My dog chews on his foot and I hoped this spray would deter him . The spray had no effect.My wife and I both tasted the spray . It 's not bitter at all -- it tastes like apple juice . That makes me wonder if I got a bad bottle or if it 's just a bad product .
 My Rottie went though a very long teething/chewing phase as a puppy and of course liked to chew on expensive things like oriental rugs . I tried everything with no luck at all - nothing seemed to even slow her down . I was so sure that the Bitter Apple would work - unfortunately , I learned that some dogs actually LIKE the taste of Bitter Apple and mine happens to be one of them . That said , about 75 % of the folks I have talked with swear by this product and have had great results . If you happen to be one of the unlucky folks whose dog does n't mind the taste , try using red pepper instead .
 For anyone who has used this and gotten good results , PLEASE tell us how . I think our dog actually likes the taste and chews more where it was sprayed . If I am using it wrong , please tell me what to do as I think this product is a waste of time and money .
 I bought this to keep our Labrador from chewing on house plants , a cedar chest , the baseboards , his bed , and the door mat . I saturated the stuff after a few sprays did n't work . The house plants are mangled , the cedar chest needs repair , his bed has holes in it , and the mat is ripped to shreds . It adds a zesty flavor to the stuff he likes to chew.He 's teething and he 's bored . The only things that have worked are keeping everything away from him , a constant eye on him , and keeping him busy . New toys are helpful . Grannick 's Bitter Apple , not so much .
 I do hope this product will work for you . It did not do the job for me and my pup .
 my english bulldog was a powerful chewer already at 10 weeks . we bought this to deter him from chewing on his crate and everything else in the house , but it did n't work . he seemed to love the taste and i suffered because it stained my fingers and no matter how many times i washed them , i would taste it on my hand for the next few days . . i 'm glad i saved my receipt and took it back to the pet store ... it 'd definitely deter a thumbsucker or nail biter , but i don ; t think humans can use it ... lol
 I purchased this based on the reviews in hopes that it would discourage my whippet from chewing things up . Unfortunately it did not work at all . My dog did n't slow down for a second . It was the same with or without this product .
 I guess I put too much faith into this product . Our dog will stop for a couple of minutes once I spray it on furniture , but will chew again after a couple of hours . You might as well use vinegar and other solutions to get your dog to stop chewing items in the house . I heard you can try it on your dog as well , but I do n't think I will .
 We have two shih tzu puppies and they 've been chewing the furniture feet and the baseboard/wall corners . They also enjoy my childrens flip flops . I 've sprayed all those things several times and the dogs do n't seem to even care . The bottle says its for spraying the dog , to stop them licking themselves , etc. . So I wonder if its not really intended to spray on other items . I will be looking for something else .
 My German Shepherd is not deterred by this . I ca n't even smell this when I apply it . It might as well be water . Years ago I used a spray for another shepherd . It was a citrus smell . It only took once . I wish I could remember the name of that product .
 Does not work at all . I sprayed this on parts of a wooden crate to prevent another breakout . Dog had no issue chewing the spots I sprayed and when he got out , chewed the bottle as well ! Just to add insult to injury I think . Anyway , the taste in no way bothers him . Waste of 9 bucks .
 It does nothing to stop my cat from chewing and biting . The cat is afraid of the spray it self , but does n't mind the flavor and keeps biting back .
 My beagle always goes on the couch even when he 's not supposed to , so we thought spraying this stuff would keep him off . Let 's just say I 'm pretty sure we hated the smell more than he did ! It certainly kept us off the couch , but did it work for our dog ? No . He goes on it now more than he did before !
 This is actually a true story , I have to keep my sheltie in a downstairs bathroom because he gets into trouble . He started nibbling on the wall of the bathroom because that 's just how he is so I bought this bitter apple stuff to spray on the wall , but when I applied it he loved ths stuff and when I came home from work he actually chewed all the way thru the wall and found him lose in the house when I returned , in addition he jumped up on the counter to get the bitter apple bottle and chewed the top off and ate all of the `` yucky '' stuff inside , this is not a joke . So the moral is , if you are going to buy bitter apple to keep your dog from eating things , make sure he does not love bitter apples first !!!
 The product was delivered on time and as promised . It just did n't work with my 1 year old doggies . Maybe when they are older it will be more effective .
 The good news is my boyfriend tried some and said it 's gross . I also thought it smelled too much like rubbing alcohol to be pleasant.The bad news is my cats do n't mind it so much . They do n't like it , but it does n't repel them the way I had hoped . I sprayed some on the plants . Small Cat kept eating plants . Sprayed some on a towel . Fat Cat slept on the towel.I have no knowledge of the cat palette , but I would say Bitter Apple had absolutely no effect on them . They did n't like it ; they did n't hate it .
 The product proved to be a sweet treat for my Shih Tzu puppy . He actually chewed and licked my cabinets more after applying the `` Bitter Apple '' which is far from bitter . It has a strong rubbing alcohol smell initially but is far from effective , do n't waste your money !
 it is totally ineffective . if the dog has itching skin he will scratch and lick no matter what . i already tried this bitter apple spray , best vet hot spot relief , virbac cortisoothe shampoo , benadryl and zyrtec and nothing has worked .
 Plain old amonia works better . I 'm trying to keep the neighbor dogs out of our trash . This is n't the product for that . I tried . lol
 `` Ingredients include water , isopropanol 20 % , bitter principles , and extracts `` this product is 20 % rubbing alcohol ! I am pretty sure this would be quite toxic for a human , wonder what it does to animals . we have to read ingredients . if it 's NOT toxic to animals , perhaps just spray rubbing alcohol instead . very very cheap to buy ! could be why one comment says the cats eyes ran and she drooled a lot . I would too ! that 's a pretty high % of a potentially toxic substance do n't you think ? could also make them drunk ? if it 's the bitter that works , why all the rubbing alcohol ? it 's also mostly water ... first ingredient . lot of money for water and rubbing alcohol !
 We recently got a maltese/yorkie mix puppy , who chews EVERYTHING . He also bites and chases feet , which has become a major issue and is PAINFUL ! Bought this stuff hoping the feet chasing would end - sprayed my shoes and bottoms of pants . He immediately sniffed the air and kind of backed away , however , after this stuff dried -LRB- which was in seconds -RRB- , he continued to bite my feet/chase my pant legs . So in short , for me it worked when wet , but once this stuff dries , nothing . The search for a method to end my puppy 's biting continues !
 I sprayed directly in and on and around a waste basket with a foot handle for the lid . It did not deter my dog one whit from nosing open the lid and scavenging inside . I repeated the spraying . Still no desired results . And again . Again , it was futile .
 This stuff did n't do anything for my dogs !!!!!! It was a waste of money . I still have it because I do n't use it .
 Did n't seem to make much difference to an 8 month old lab/airdale pup . Anyone have anything better that they would recommend ?
 I have an Italian Greyhound that likes to find the seam in a carpet and pull it so she unravels the carpet . I got this hoping I could spray areas and she would leave it alone . I have light colored carpet and I did n't want to have to put chili pepper all over . Well she did n't like the smell in the bottle so I thought that was promising but when I sprayed it she did n't care and kept pulling at the carpet . When you read the bottle is sounds more like it is to keep them from licking them selves .
 I hoped to use the product to discourage my dog from chewing his feet . For all the good it did I could have been spraying his feet with distilled water
 We got this thinking it might keep our beagle puppy from chewing on table legs , clothes hamper , shoes , etc. . Unfortunately , he 's decided it 's pretty tasty . We spray it on something and he 'll lick it off .
 Bought this product because our dog was chewing up our resin/ratan outdoor patio furniture . We went through 2 bottles and it did n't stop him at all ! We had better luck with hot pepper & chili powder than with this product . Bummer ... we were really hoping it would solve the problem .
 Did n't do much on keeping my puppies away . They keep chewing away . I gave up and gave them some old shoes .
 Unfortunately , our dog liked the taste , or at the very least , was n't deterred from licking at all . Further , the spray contains a fairly high level of alcohol -LRB- the same type found in rubbing alcohol , and thus in the event that there is an open sore , it will sting the animal -LRB- fortunately , in our case , that was n't a concern -RRB- . Vendor was prompt , and for some , this may work
 I bought this product because our little mini-poodle was constantly licking his paws , causing him to cough . It was recommended by the Vet . We used this product according to the directions , and the dog `` loved it '' which made him lick his paws much more ! WOULD NOT recommend this product if you will be using it for the same purpose .
 First of all . The spray does n't come out like a mist . Its limited to about a 4 inch distance since the liquid comes out in a forced dripping sort of way . Other than that it works , but I would like it to actually spray to cover a wide area like cables and wires and not drip out .
 I bought this product with high hopes , my cats were eating my plants and killing them , they were tearing up the kitchen table chairs , I was hoping that this product will keep them away from some of our things . But to my disappointment as I sprayed the solution on I noticed that my cats came over , smell it and proceeded to eat the plant or play on the chairs!Did not work for me . Save the money and buy your cat some cat grass and put nail caps on them instead .
 I have used this with TWO dogs and neither of them stopped chewing because of it . This has not worked for a 3 month old pit bull mix or a VERY mellow 2 year old doberman with a bad habit of licking her paws 'til they bleed and are raw . This stuff DOES NOT work . At all . Do n't waste your money .
 I , like melissak , put WAY too much hope in these bottles of spray . I was honestly and really thinking that this spray would keep my puppy away from the wood she so dearly loves to gnaw . Wrong . I am not sure why I put all of my hope eggs in this bitter apple spray basket ... if this spray worked for all dogs , would n't everyone use it ?! And would n't every puppy come with a bottle ? Or would people have to order the combo puppy with spray bottle and Kong ? Anyway ... I sprayed the , um , spray on the wooden furniture . My puppy sniffed it , walked away , came back to gnaw some more . Bummer . I think that the efficacy of the spray depends on the tastebuds of the dog . My puppy happens to believe that mulch , cigarette butts , rocks , and other disgusting sundried items on the sidewalk taste absolutely delish so maybe this bitter apple is like dessert for her .
 I sprayed a few things with this spray and my dog loves the taste . She chews right on it . She thinks it is a treat for her !
 I saw the reviews and was hopping our little Pug might not be as tough as some of the other dogs ... Well either he is , or this stuff just sucks . In any event it has yet to drive him away from anything , he sniffs a little longer , but that 's it .
 Maybe I have a weird puppy , but my 3 month old ShihTzu loves the taste of this spray . We were having an issue with him chewing on the legs of our kitchen table . When we spray the table legs with this spray , he goes after the legs even more . We even tried spraying it on his waste to keep him from licking it , but that did n't work either . Since it does n't work , I 'm not sure it 's good for anything else , so I guess I 'll throw it away unless I can use it as a glass cleaner or something ! Maybe some puppies do n't like the taste , but I do n't think I 'd recommend it to another ShihTzu owner .
 The product was shipped promptly , and I received it in just a couple days . Unfortunately however it was not enough to stop my dog from licking her foot . I suppose she will have to deal with the cone a while longer .
 I am deeply involved in the rescue of retired , racing Greyhounds and have been for more than 11 years . Aside from owning my own Greys -LRB- at one time 8 but now just 5 -RRB- , I also foster which includes caring for those beautiful creatures newly retired that must be spayed/neutered . I had one particular foster dog who was more than overzealous in licking and biting at her sutures following her spay and the vet recommended this product . While it did n't work for that particular dog , I had it on hand so began using it for other things over the years like hot spot-licking , small wound licking , wall licking -LRB- yeah , wall licking ... right through to the stud -RRB- , boredom licking -LRB- habits formed at the track -RRB- ... no matter what the use , no matter which dog , this stuff just did n't prevent licking at all.When my friend got a new puppy -LRB- Germ Shep -RRB- , she borrowed this to keep her baby from biting at her spay sutures and it worked perfectly . She had to spritz her girl just twice and that gal left her suture site alone until well healed . So , it does work , just not for me and mine.hmmm , wonder if it just another one of those unique but corny `` Greyhound things '' ...
 My dog was eating TV remotes left and right . We tried putting them away but as home theaters take 12 dozen remotes to operate these days we 'd forget and then our puppy would destroy one . I bought this as a back-up plan . Turns out he enjoys the flavor , I caught him licking it off the remote while wagging his tail . He 's a beast of a dog though .
 Bought this so my dog would stop licking her paws excessively . It did n't work , she actually seems to enjoy the taste of Bitter Apple .
 After doing research on this product , I opted to purchase it to minimize chewing by my two frisky felines . The end product was worsened chewing and destructive behavior . I would urge caution with this product and cats .
 I tried this on my 10 year old poodle/schnauzer mix after she developed sores on her belly and inner legs after the groomer scraped her with dull clippers . Not only did it not stop her from licking the sores , it made her throw up . I finally had to get her on antibiotics and put an e-collar on her for a week . I was really hoping the bitter apple would deter her but it did n't . Of course , this is a dog who likes Jalapeno sauce .
 Referred to this product and bought it to deter a 12 week old Shih Tzu from chewing and biting . She really enjoyed it and was n't stopped one bit . So much for a $ 10 bottle of deterrent .
 I have a very picky eating golden retriever , and there are only a few things that she will put in her mouth that she should not , like my briefcase . I bought this with the expectation that it would be so repugnant to dogs ' senses that they simply would rather stay away from it . That is clearly not the case , in my experience at least . I hosed down my briefcase , and I mean literally soaked this thing in the bitter spray and laid it next to my dog . At first she was n't paying any attention , but when she noticed it was there , she immediately began to chew , and the spray did not deter her from going at it like a ribeye . I 'm sure it will work for some dogs , just like all products on the shelf do something for somebody , it just did n't work for us .
 I used to have the original version of this disc -LRB- Booda ? -RRB- , which we loved , but bought this because it seemed the same from the literature and was less expensive . There 's a reason for that lower price ! The cheapness of the material was instantly palpable , and upon the first throw , within just a few minutes of one of my dogs doing the death-headshake on his way back to me , the plastic laminate on the back was peeling off all around . Next thing I know , both my dogs , being dogs , are eating the frayed pieces of laminate . So they 've just ingested a significant amount of plastic , oh yay . So a Total Nix on this product . Buy the original and be happy .
 This is a new design of the old `` Floppy Disk '' . I guess there was a problem with the name . Anyway , after one session with my dog in the ocean , the black ink ran , and a plastic coating started coming off the back -LRB- choking hazard ??? -RRB- . I tried two of them , with the same results . Look for & buy the original `` Floppy '' design , which I am still using in the ocean , before they 're all gone .
 The discs that I received were not the floppy discs that I had originally ordered , but an imatation of the original . Within a couple of days of use , the ink began to dissolve and fade . The back of the disc began to she 'd a thin material that was glued . Also , the material was a lesser grade quality , reducing the wt . of the disc . To say the least , I was very disappointed .
 Will update on durability after time passes . Dog did n't show much interest in it until I gave her treats when she fetched it . Now without treats its still her favorite . I like it because I do n't have to dig in snow to find it . 65 lb pit does paw , bite , and pull on it , even though I stop her ASAP . No damage yet , but we ve only used a couple times . If it lasts a few months a great toy!Update
 Previous reviews misleading about durability of this disc . My 1 year old German Shepherd tore the fabric on the edge of the disc within 10 minutes of play , exposing rubber ring . The floppy disk is a great concept in that it is much less abrasive on the dog 's teeth than traditional disc . However , durability appears to have been sacrificed in the process .
 I went off the photo in this ad thinking I would get that version of The booda frisbee . Sadly , I got the new version , in its new packaging ... I have been using booda frisbees for years and every since they changed packaging recently the quality has gone down expanentially . My dog took not but two days to rip the middle of one of these new packaged ones , yet the old version ones are still intact after month of hard frisbee use.Not happy that the fabrics have changed , and the old packaging was SO much better . Plus the design on the frisbee was better too.The frisbee design and flight is still great !! Just te quality of the fabric and the stitching is horrible compared to before : -LRB-
 My dogs were doing a little bit of digging around the yard . We thought that No Dig ! would aid us , along with our instruction , to keep them from digging any further . As soon as we put No Dig ! on the yard , their digging became excessively worse ! I decided to contact the company concerning my disappointment with the No Dig ! product and as I read the bottle for the contact information , I saw their disclosure comment `` No Dig ! is a training aid , but occasionally a few pets are very persistent and Garmon Corp. / distributors/dealers are not accountable for damage to plants or other items created by product use or pet , either in part or in full . '' This product should be called `` Go Dig ! '' NOT `` No Dig ! ''
 I must admit that I 'm rather dissapointed in this purchase . First off , the bars are really flimsy and only fit together with a bit of force . I had to bend a lot of the ladder and platform pieces so that they fit in decently . Secondly , there are many vertical bars but few horizontal , so finding a place to hang the water bottle took some ingenuity . The access doors are also flimsy , and the one at the front of the cage is very small and slides up -- imagine a bird cage door.Lastly , the main issue is that I bought this cage as a replacement for the standard sized cage that my lil hamster seems to have outgrown . They 're both the same size . The `` All living things '' cage does stand a little bit taller , but the picture on the amazon page is totally misleading as to how tall the product really is . If you look at the picture listed , the actual cage is about two-thirds that height -- in comparison to the base . More misleading things are that the cage does not in fact come with two wheels , nor does it come with the little nesting house . It comes with a food dish and one wheel that is 5 '' in diameter -- pretty small for a full size golden hamster .
 I bought this cage for my gerbils 6 months ago , and I already need an aquarium . My two gerbils first chewed the food bowl , then the wheels , then the house , and finally the whole bottom of the cage -LRB- which is plastic -RRB- . They managed to chew a hole big enough for them to escape ! Might be good for a hamster , but definetly NOT a gerbil ! Take this as a warning !!
 The cage looked really good and fun at first , but the problem started when we put our hamster inside the cage ... The hamster ran up and down the stairs having lots of fun , but when it made it to the 3rd floor it fell down and injured himself bad . We took him to the Vet and she gave him a little shot . I had to pay $ 100 for just that . We went home and put him back in the same cage . In the morning my daughter Patricia was yelling and calling me . The hamster 's foot was stuck in the little space between 2 wires . I had to cut the wires to take him out . I took him to the vet again . The vet had to amputated him . SHE HAD TO CUT OFF HIS LEG ... :'-LRB- We were really sad . I wasted $ 270 so the vet can amputate him . The hamster was still alive but could n't run and have much fun anymore . We went to our local pet shop and bought a plastic cage . I recommend not to buy metal wire cages , first because of the money wasting and second because of your pet 's risk of dying . So you should n't buy this item .
 The tip of the scissors is a wonderful safety addition . Unfortunately , the rest of the items is n't terrific . The scissor action overlaps whenever the blades are brought together . It 's not very sharp where it should be sharp but it 's perfect for where it is n't supposed to be sharp - the tip .
 I love the slightly curved design with safety tips , the compact size -LRB- easy to sneak up on my dog 's face to trim -RRB- and the price was n't so bad . Unforunately , the scissors are n't sharp and do n't even cut my schnauzer 's soft fluffy hair . Wish I 'd gotten these locally so I could return them without a hassle . Do n't bother with these .
 I ordered these for Mrs. Spudman to use for trimming the feet and ears or our shih tzu and our bolognese puppy.Unfortunately she found the pair we received too dull to be useful . In fact , she compared the new pair to a very similarly designed pair bought a year ago at CVS . The older pair is sharper and cost about the same as the pair ordered on Amazon.We do like the blunt safety tips of the Tiny Dog Grooming scissors , a desirable feature for scissors used to trim a squirming puppy . The scissors also fit the fingers comfortably and open and close smoothly.My take on the range of ratings given for these scissors is that the blade sharpness and quality control at the factory are inconsistent . The Tiny Dog Scissors do seem to work a bit better after a few swipes with my blade sharpener.Shipping was quick for this item , and it was packaged well .
 I bought three pairs of Millers Forge scissors . Three different kinds . Small , curved , and thinning . They are all blunt and simply do not cut at all . Since I did n't buy them from Amazon , returning them will be a real nuisance . I replaced them with Geib scissors , and there is simply no comparison . Perfect cutting action , smooth , and sharp . P.S. I have no affiliation with Geib . That was just the brand I tried next , and I 'm really pleased with them .
 The good
 My springer spaniel tore a 50 cent piece size hole in the middle of the Zisc within 20 minutes . I 'm really disappointed . Hard to believe that other dogs who are labeled `` destructive chewers '' do n't seem to be able to ruin the Zisc right away . Good for those dogs and their people !
 I bought a toy from this brand and it is quite durable so I got him this hoping it could withstand my lab/pitt too . He loves it but unfortunately he poked a hole in the middle and is ripping it up now but he had fun while it lasted !
 I bought this toy because it is calimed to be indestructable . Played with my dog for only about two mintues and guess what ... it is NOT INDESTRUCTABLE . Paid way too much to find this out . Shame on false advertising and the manufacturer 's claims . :--LRB- -LRB-
 I 'm giving it two stars because , ironically , my dog loves it but I hate it . I am a pretty good frisbee thrower . I had a border collie for 13 years and she was an amazing frisbee dog . My current Aussie is much more temperamental when it comes to frisbee . She is `` soft mouthed '' and does n't like anything too hard when it comes to catching . This disc barely floats in the air more than a tennis ball would when you throw it . This disc `` flies '' very fast , again , almost like throwing a ball and then it falls like a stone so even for my extremely fast dog it 's hard to get a throw that does n't drop really fast and thus is very difficult to catch . Having said that , it seems durable and the dog does love to run around with it in her mouth , whipping it back and forth while she runs like prey . It 's sort of hilarious.So if you are n't concerned about the part where your dog actually catches the disc , you might be pleased with this item . But as far as flight characteristics , it 's just way too heavy and the design does n't lend itself at all to real flight and consequently is not appropriate for `` catch '' with your dog . Overall , I am still looking for a soft disc that has , at least , minimal flight characteristics . This was , for me , a great disappointment .
 This frisbee is not very aerodynamic . The edges are very square , and , hence , it just does n't float in the air like a frisbee should when you throw it . I give it 2 stars instead of 1 , because my dog nonetheless does seem to like the rubber material , as it provides him a satisfying floppy shake when he retrieves it , and the thing has not shown any signs of damage yet after about 30 throws so far .
 I bought a bunch of zogoflex because my dog destroys everything . This particular Zisc was destroyed in seconds but zogflex makes other shapes that have lasted . I had no luck with the zisc though .
 This was a great toy , for the first 10 minutes . I thought it would be sturdy enough rubber to hold up for more than a few tosses , but my dog folded it once in her mouth , dropped it to the ground , and got 2 good chews in while I ran to take it away , and that was the end of that . The rubber is super soft , and while it throws well and is a great frisbee , I want a DOG TOY . That means it has to survive more than 30 seconds in my dog 's mouth .
 I have a deck , flooring , smooth pathways . My cocker can not pick it up when on the flat surfaces.Best for grassy bigger dog play .
 I was dissappointed in the product . He had flattened whatever is in the inside in about 10 minutes . When it was flattened it sure did n't feel like a tennis ball had been in the toy at all . It felt more liike sand . I 'm sure a tennis ball would have lasted much longer .
 This cage should not be purchased for mice , even though it says it 's okay for them . The bars are too far apart . My mouse got out as soon as I put her in the cage . She squeezed right through the bars and was gone.It 's probably a fine cage for things a little larger , but do n't buy this for a mouse .
 Do not buy this for your small animal ! This is BY FAR one of the smallest/worst cages I have ever seen . NOT a suitable home for your pets ! I would give it zero stars if I could .
 My two parakeets loved hollowing out this toy . Then I looked into the hole they had created and noticed that the wire that holds the toy extends almost to the center on either end . As the birds hollowed out the toy , they expose the wire.Although the wire is thin , it is consistently jabbing the birds the entire time they are tunneling to the ends . I cut the wire on the end I could reach , and tried to push the wire against the end that I could n't get the scissors into . This is really a pretty sadistic toy . On the one had the birds absolutely love to hollow it out , but as they do they are tortured by the wire jabbing them the whole time . The ads for the toy claim the log is held by sisal , but sisal probably did n't work because the bird would chew it and the toy would fall . They substituted wires , but now the birds are being jabbed by the wires . I hope the manufacturer really cares enough about birds to do something about this toy.Until they do , I would not buy it .
 The color looks like a beautiful bright lavender on my computer screen , but boy is it different in real life ! It was a dull greyish purple . Also , the place where the color was stitched together was uneven and the end was rough . For the price I 'm not going to mess with return shipping . Maybe a local animal shelter will take it .
 I bought this collar for a large dog . -LRB- 120 # -RRB- Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to the end of the lead , the abrupt stop can jerk the steel ring up over the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 I bought a large Hamilton collar like this one for a large dog -LRB- 120 # -RRB- . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to an abrupt halt at the end of the lead , the steel ring on the collar can be jerked up to put pressure on the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to happen around traffic or with people who are afraid of dogs .
 even though this made my ferret smell quite nice for about 24 hours , it made him unbearably itchy , even more than usual . he spent more time scratching than playing . it might work for your ferret , but i would say get something gentler just in case .
 I ordered two of these , figuring my grandaughter would enjoy one . She called yesterday from Albuquerque to inform me hers scared the birds . -LRB- She probably chased them with it . -RRB- Mine does n't work as advertised either , though , and I am relatively sedate in my behavior .
 Like other reviews here on Amazon , the formula has been changed . My cat always loved Petromalt but they changed the formula and my cat wo n't go near it anymore . I called the company and got an arrogant response saying `` yes '' the formula WAS changed but they could n't care less . Do n't buy this product anymore ... it 's over !! Called my Vet and they recommended `` Laxatone '' ... so I bought it at PetCo . It 's drips and it 's `` gooey '' but my cat will eat it . She likes the formula but it 's messy so I put in on her paws ... she laps it up . Goodbye , Petromalt !!
 even though this made my ferret smell quite nice for about 24 hours , it made him unbearably itchy , even more than usual . he spent more time scratching than playing . it might work for your ferret , but i would say get something gentler just in case .
 This product really makes my cat sick !! I have totally healthy cat that never sick or vomit food in his life . As direction written on the product , I fed half pump of Allerg3 with food . Few minutes later , he puked all food he ate . I thought it could n't be that serious at first time . So I tried to feed him as regularly but he refused to eat ! The problem was my cat has quite strong appetite and he never ever refuses his food in his lifetime ! He vomited every time he tried to eat something . He could n't digest a little treat after he ate Allerg3 ! It took 3 days to recover his health and eat again without vomiting . It almost killed my precious cat !!!!!! If you 're thinking about to feed this product to your cat , please think twice before you buy & feed it to your cat cuz it may makes your cat really sick as mine did .
 After researching nail clippers on line , I decided that these clippers would probably meet my needs . I have a small bichon . When I went to use them , the spring came loose and the clippers no longer worked . do NOT waste your money .
 This clipper is difficult to use , very non-ergonomic . Also the blades are rough and not very sharp .
 I think the blade is okay , but the sleeves kept sliding off . It is hard to hold on to the clipper when the sleeves kept sliding and does n't give me a good grip . Makes me nervous that it will slip mid-clip and I will end up clipping my dog 's quick . I would n't use these again . I also had to stop after every clip in order to readjust the sleeves . It slowed down the whole process . Also , the blade seems to dull after a few sessions .
 I 've only used this a few times on my Great Dane , it 's not cutting as evenly as in the beginning . Wondering if it 's just not adequate for a Great Dane .
 I purchased these clippers because it clearly is marked on the front of the package that they are Made in the USA . When they arrived , they are marked that they are Made in Taiwan . This is deceptive and misleading marketing . I hope Amazon takes the appropriate action .
 When I was clipping my pitbull 's nails -LRB- they are so sharp and getting long ! -RRB- , the so called `` safety-guard '' failed and does n't work at all . There was blood everywhere in my bathroom with barely any nail clipped , the nails came out super rugged as well -LRB- even worse than before i clipped them -RRB- . Now , I know not to use the safety guard , however I already knew how to clip a dog 's nails -LRB- where to clip and being careful about black nails -RRB- and I would suggest you learn how to clip dog 's nails before performing this task ! However , do n't rely on the built in safety guard ! These are very sharp , which isnt a bad thing , however there are better clippers out there that can prevent clipping too close to the vein .
 I bought this because I lost my good pair and had trouble finding another one with a guard . The quality is n't the best and the guard constantly shifts around , not good when you 're already struggling to get your cat to sit still .
 The blades actually work ok , but the ` non-slip ' grip that covers the handle is just a sleeve that is n't glued on . The sleeves are constantly sliding down , which means I have to stop after EVERY NAIL and readjust . I would n't buy them again - I bought a different pair . I was having to hold my dog still too long , and I was afraid that they 'd slip mid-clip and I 'd hurt him . : - -LRB-
 So much for trying to buy a USA product -LRB- as indicated by the main picture -RRB- This product is MADE IN TAIWAN . Shame on whoever created this description and posted the picture of the package that says `` Made in USA '' . Plus , double shame on Amazon for not keeping their listings updated .
 Unfortunately this was used three times and then fell apart ... my dog has normal claws and on the third attempt the clippers fell apart and hurt the dog .
 This is a terrible product . I used it on both my dogs exactly how the directions tell you to use it with the stopper so you do n't cut too deep ... well it did n't matter.Of the 10 toes I had cut , 3 of them bled for quite a while . My dogs also yipped when I cut those nails.I HIGHLY , HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !!! It 'll save you a mess and hurting your dogs .
 I am truly disappointed . I followed the directions and nothing grew . For the price I paid for it -LRB- not thru Amazon -RRB- I could have bought a whole bag of grass seed and planted a lawn for the cats . Took a bit of research to get a contact for the company . I have sent them a complaint .
 The color looks like a beautiful bright lavender on my computer screen , but boy is it different in real life ! It was a dull greyish purple . Also , the place where the color was stitched together was uneven and the end was rough . For the price I 'm not going to mess with return shipping . Maybe a local animal shelter will take it .
 I bought this collar for a large dog . -LRB- 120 # -RRB- Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to the end of the lead , the abrupt stop can jerk the steel ring up over the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
