 Frontline Plus for cats does not work . I applied it the first time and was expecting fleas to die during 24 hours , like it promise . No , it was not the case . Fleas were still alive even after 48 hours . I wait for one week and reapply the medication . No success.This thing is pretty costly , but does not work at all .
 As you probably know , Frontline Plus is extremely expensive . We were greatly disappointed with this order . As summer approached , we needed to order flea medication for our cats . As you know that if cats get fleas , chew them , then they will get worms , and will be more costly at the vet . We usually order our flea medication from 1800 pet meds , however this time we ordered from Amazon because of the sale . Please note , our cats are between the ages of 8 and 12 years of age , and I have only used Frontline on them . Frontline always works and there was never a problem before , and it is the brand our vet recommends . The Frontline ordered through Amazon did not work . Fleas have been getting worse . At first I hesitated to put new flea medication on because it is dangerous to get too many doses of it in too short of a period of time , but the fleas were so large and all over that I had to go to the store just two weeks later and buy more . The fleas died immediately with the kind from our local store . We had to pay more and full store price , but at least the fleas are gone . So now we have paid for two packages of flea medications in one month , doubling our costs ! Also , now that the flea eggs have had time to hatch and get everywhere , we have to fog our yard and all their pet bedding and maybe our house ; which are products we are ordering from 1800 pet meds . So this too will cost us more money . We are monitoring our cats now , hoping they do not already have worms and need a costly vet visit . We are extremely disappointed . Our guess is that the product is on sale because the it is defective or expired !! I would recommend going first to your local vet , or ordering from 1800 Pet meds .
 So disappointed in this product any more ... I have started to compare it to the Hartz flea and tick products . This is the second time I 've bought this product that seems to have no results ! With the mild winter we had this past year I really need a flea and tick product that works ! I want my hard earned money back !
 Treated my cat with Frontline Plus a week and a half ago , and he 's been scratching for the last two days . Checked him today and he has fleas on him . The entire house has been treated with diatomaceous earth and none of my family members are being bit anymore ... just my cat . WHO HAS A FLEA PREVENTION PRODUCT ON HIS BODY . Definitely not impressed whatsoever . Disgusted is more like it . Just for once I 'd like a product to do what it says it will .
 Frontline plus doesnt work anymore , I 'm in the middle of the 2nd dose for both dog and cat and my animals are covered in fleas and house is infested with them it worked many years ago perfectly and a couple years ago it didnt work , I was desperate so I tried it again and it still doesnt work , they either changed the formula or fleas adapted to it . Will never buy again . Not worth the money . If it doesnt work why sell it ? I want my money back .
 This product did not work my cat at all.I had to use 3 times in 6 weeks.my cat is stilleaching.i also have treated my home.I wish i could get my money back !!!! I will need to buy advantage to fix it.They should take this product out of the market.It is cheating the customer .
 I ordered Frontline Plus with the asumption that it is the same as you get from a vet . Less than two weeks after applying it my cats had fleas again , I called the vet to see it I could put more on them and they said I could n't until it had been a full month . Now I have to deal with fleas for two more weeks . My vet told me that the Frontline plus I received was made in Canada and the strengths are different , so this is not a bargain it is a waste of money . I learned a $ 60.00 lesson .
 Buyer Beware . If after three consecutive months of usage you are unhappy with Frontline , they will refund only the amount you spent on the third month for Frontline and then only for five cats !! I have used Frontline in the past and it worked . This time , after two months of usage , two of my cats are covered in fleas -- Frontline is crazy if they think I would invest in their product for a third month and have my cats suffer for 3 months in a row !! Nowhere do they tell buyers of this five-cat limit -- even my vet was unaware that they would not refund the entire amount a person spent ! I wonder if Frontline also decides how many dogs people should own .
 We 've used the regular frontline , for cats , in the past and found it to be a wonderful product . Now we used the new frontline Plus and found it to be a very inferior product . We have two cats and they are indoor cats , but we do get fleas from time to time carried into the house on humans . This new product seemed to work for about a week and then the cats started scratching again . We contacted our vet and she said they have had a lot of complaints about the frontline plus and we ended up using a product from the vet . It was a pill on the first day and then on the second day was a 30 day product used like frontline . We had great results with the products from the vet as the pill made the fleas just fall off and the cats were basically flea free within 24 hours . The second product from the vet kept the cats flea free for 30 days as the frontline used to do.Just out of curiosity , I was at a large big box pet store , and asked them if the frontline plus was a good product . There answer was `` it was a good product , but lately they have been getting a lot of complaints of it not working very well . We did not buy our frontline plus from this big box retailer , but it seems like frontline has a problem . I do hope they get the problem fixed as we 've always had good results with the Frontline .
 This seller advertises in word and by photo that she is selling `` Frontline Plus . '' The product shipped was `` Frontline Combo '' manufactured in the United Kingdom . Although the active ingredients are the same , it is illegal to sell this in the USA . In addition to this problem , she told me she sent it on 07/22 . Based on the shipping label , she must have forgotten to mail it . After contacting her as to why it had not been received yet , she said she would `` resend '' it . If this actually had been resent , then why does the shipping label have the date of 07/22/2011 on it ? I ordered from this person because she had a 98 % satisfaction rate . Guess in the future I will note that a rating may not show that the seller is doing something legal and that I must be careful .
 Frontline Plus arrived with no expiration date stamped on box . Hmmm . Always has expiration date . Guess what ? Product does not seem to be working . Guess that would be my only clue as to whether or not the purchased goods were outdated .
 Product did not work . I had used FrontlinePlus for years . Not sure what happened here , whether it was old or out of date . Had to run out to purchase from Vet . Not impressed with this product . Was shipped very quickly by the Seller , no complaints there , just bad product .
 I bought the 6 month pack in order to treat our three indoor cats twice apiece . This is our first summer in our new house , and we had no idea that fleas would be in the picture . Now that the cats sneak out on rare occasions for a short-lived adventure , they bring in the icky critters , and with a crawling baby in the house , that 's just unacceptable ! And so gross . I carefully read the directions about parting their fur and applying the whole dose in one spot , and dutifully did so on each kitty . One day passed
 Over 1 full week after the application of frontline to both of my cats and I see absolutely NO change in flea population , either on them or in the house . No dead fleas on the cats , no dead fleas on the floor . . Just live , jumping , biting , fleas.Perhaps the population of fleas here in Santa Barbara is resistant to Frontline now ? Either way , it was a complete waste of almost $ 60 for a 6 month supply .
 To all cat owners
 I have always used this product in the past , but noticed that this time my cats were still scratching and still had fleas . I noticed that the liquid in the dispensers were not as full and it did not have a strong smell as before . When I looked at the box , it was dated 2011 . I ordered November 2012 .
 This is the second year I 've tried Frontline for my two cats . I should have learned from experience , but hope springs eternal . This expensive product had no effect at all on the cats ' flea problem . None . This appears to be a growing problem ; perhaps the fleas have developed immunity to the chemical in this medication . Will not be buying Frontline again , until I hear that it has been improved .
 When I got home today I found large clumps of cat hair all over the carpet . She ripped out all her hair where I applied it between her shoulders leaving a bare bloody spot the size of a quarter .
 Three of the doses were not full . I also wonder about the quality of the other doses . We noticed a difference between the product received through Amazon and the one that we received from out Vet . So much for trying to save money .
 Frontline Plus no longer works for flea control because fleas have become resistant to this product and you may be able to get your money back directly from the manufacturer of this product . So , do not waste your money .
 When I first opened my pet grooming salon nearly 10 years ago , I would recommend Frontline over every other product . It was the most effective back then . These days ; however , over the last year and a half , I have seen countless dogs and cats whose owners I know with certainty correctly use the product and have found their pets infested with fleas and live attached ticks . Pretty much since they released the Frontline Plus , I 've seen a decline in its effectiveness and many customers ' in distress . And I 'm hearing the same complaints from a couple of local veterinarians . I now steer my customers away from Frontline and continue to seek a safe and effective alternative . Let you know when I do .
 First and foremost , the product arrived later than expected , despite being an Amazon Prime product and 2-day shipping being the selected shipping method . However , it did n't really matter since I did n't need to use it right away.When I did undo the Amazon packaging to get to the Frontline Plus box , I noticed that the box seemed partially open . Again , I figured the box was a little faulty and put it in the cabinet until my cat 's next dosage time.When I finally get around to opening it entirely , the 1st dose 's individual packaging was partially open . Then I noticed the tube itself was empty ! I looked at the other ones and sure enough , 2 more were empty and the remaining 3 looked very low ... as in maybe 1/8 of the tube had any liquid at all!This product is a sham . Either that or quality control is some of the worst ever . I paid $ 60 for 6 months ' worth of flea medication and I get maybe the equivalent of ONE full tube 's worth of medication.Not to mention that since this is a potentially hazardous liquid , returns are not accepted . What a waste of money !
 I purchased 2 boxes of the Merial Frontline Plus a couple of weeks ago . This morning I went to apply it to a few of my cats . First thing that was suspicious to me was that it was easier to open the blister pack , but it was much harder to pop open the applicator . Normally , you just bend it backwards and it pops right open . I had to use scissors to cut open the two doses I applied . Also , it had a strange smell . I 've never noticed the smell before , but this stuff smelled bad . I 'm worried now , because the two cats that I used it on were wrestling and one of them obviously got some of it in her mouth because she started drooling and shaking her head , like she was trying to get it out . Now I 'm at work , and had to leave them home alone , and I have no idea how they 're going to react to whatever this stuff really is . I have purchased FrontLine Plus several times from Amazon , and had no problems , but it is a different product this time , which leads me to believe it must be counterfeit . The rest is going in the trash !
 If you have purchased any Frontline product in the last year you already know what I 'm talking about . I bought some for my cat a few months ago and I might as well of sprinkled her with water . After a couple of days . . she exploded with fleas . I went to my Vet and he said that Frontline does n't work anymore ... the company is apparently cutting costs . My daughter bought some for her dogs and had the exact same experience . It used to be a great product , not anymore , do n't waste your money .
 I am not satified with the product I bought , my cat is still infested with fleas . I just recently put the second dose on him and he is still scratching and I can see visible fleas . Since he is a inside cat I thought it might work , but it has n't .
 Bought this in hopes of controling fleas & ticks but my cat still got ticks . I 've been lucky enough to find & detach them before they became engorged . She also seemed to be sensitive to the stuff or else she had fleas I could not detect with her hair being so long and thick.I WILL NOT recommend any Frontline product to my friends or aquaintances .
 I stucke with this product for over 6 months just thinking my cat would need a few doses for the flea population to be eliminated . I even tried applying it every 3 weeks instead of 4 . It did absolutely nothing . He has DOZENS of fleas on him all the time . In addition to using this I vacuumed weekly , and brushed my one indoor cat with a flea comb several times a week . It never reduced the number of fleas on him or in the house . This made less of an impact than vacuuming or spraying the carpet . I am done with this useless product . I will never use it again and I wouldnt recommend it even to my worst enemy .
 Do n't use Frontline or any other product without doing an Internet search first . Most advertise that such products are `` effective , '' but the word `` safe '' is missing.The way Frontline , Bio-Spot and others work is to put pesticide toxins into the blood through the skin at the nape of the animal 's neck . When fleas and ticks suck the blood of the animal , the toxins kill the vermin , meaning that the blood has a high level of toxicity . If animals receive open wounds , and if they lick those wounds , the toxins can be transferred from the blood to the pet . When animals have died after receiving flea and tick treatments , the manufacturers state that they do n't believe their products caused the deaths . These are legal weasel words that journalists call the `` non-denial denial . '' They are n't definitively stating that their products did not cause the deaths ... just that they do n't believe they did ; that there 's no definitive evidence that the pets died right after being exposed.Before you put your cat or dog in harm 's way , do an Internet search specifically and the active ingredients . My cat 's coat went from being beautiful and healthy to looking like my older cat 's coat -LRB- and he is 14 years old -RRB- . When I stopped the treatment , his coat went back to normal.Finding the term `` safe '' wo n't guarantee the product is safe , but it 's absence is troublesome . One source states such products `` trigger adverse reactions in dogs and cats -LSB- which -RSB- shorten life spans , cause terminal illness , and premature death . The active ingredients in these solutions include chemicals such as imidacloprid , fipronil , permethrin , methoprene , and pyriproxyfen , all of which have caused serious health problems in animals in laboratories . `` If these products were for humans , they would never pass the federal guidelines for safety or efficiency .
 We recently took in a kitten from a friend . The day we brought him home , I noticed fleas on him , so we immediately gave him a flea bath -LRB- we used Hartz flea shampoo . -RRB- He appeared to be flea-free following the flea bath . It should be noted that this cat is an indoor cat and never leaves the home nor do we have anyone else 's pet come into our home.A few weeks passed without much thought about the fleas . I was holding him one day and noticed a flea crawling on his face . I immediately gave him another flea bath and thought the problem was gone . It was n't . Flea bites began appearing on my feet and ankles . I decided to purchase Frontline Plus after reading the positive reviews here on Amazon.com . I expedited the order and the moment it arrived at my home , I applied Frontline to him . I also flea bombed my home.Over the next few days , I continued to check the kitten . He still had just as many fleas -LRB- maybe even more -RRB- as he 'd started with prior to the Frontline application . We tried waiting it out , hoping that the Frontline just needed time to work . Big mistake . The flea infestation within my home skyrocketed . It was at the point that flea bites started appearing over my body , head to toe , and I could see the fleas visibly jumping on the ground and onto my body.I contacted several vets and many message boards and I 've gotten the same response from everyone - that Frontline Plus is virtually useless in the south , especially Florida -LRB- where we reside . -RRB- I can not express to you how maddening this whole situation has been . Not just because my cat is suffering but I am , too . The flea bites not only itch intensely but they burn and are unsightly . I can not even relax in my own home without having a flea jump on me.Please , please , please DO NOT waste your time or money on this product -LRB- especially if you live in the South . -RRB- It does NOT work !!!! I wish I would 've known this prior to purchasing Frontline . I have spent so much time and money at this point on combating the fleas PLUS the anti-itch creams , healing creams , shampooing the carpets , re-washing laundry , etc etc. . It 's been a nightmare!After thorough research , we are now flea bombing the house , applying Advantage and also applying Fleabusters carpet powder to our carpeting . We also used a Capstar tablet which the vet was nice enough to give us for free . My fingers are crossed that this works .
 My vet tells me they have changed the formula and it no longer works . My poor cats are living proof .
 Three months of Frontline and nothing but a waste of $ 50 , getting jerked around on the phone by their techs , and a flea population that bred to infinity in my house . I was vacuuming every day , giving my cat baths as often as Frontline said was allowed , and combed my cat as much as possible . I felt like I had a part-time job taking care of the flea problem , and Frontline kept telling me , `` It 's perfectly normal to need three to four doses before any noticeable improvements . '' They were really nice and sounded well trained -LRB- which is the only reason I gave this product two stars instead of one -RRB- , and it was great to be told everything would be okay , but things were not okay -- they were getting worse ! I have a pretty heavy cat -LRB- 14 pounds -RRB- , and I am wondering if that is why Frontline did n't work . However , Frontline does not offer alternative doses for heavier cats like Advantage does so all I can do is guess that is what is was . I 've heard Frontline works for some people , but overall , Advantage has the best reputation and worked for me . I finally bought Advantage and it worked within 24 hours . I 'm not kidding , I never thought the fleas would go away after three months of using Frontline , and Advantage worked wonderfully . The two medicines work differently
 I used Frontline for my cat for 6 months . I started the first 3 months by following the directions on the box and administering a dose every four weeks . In the meantime , I vacuumed two to three times a week , sprayed with Adam 's insect growth regulator , bombed , washed linens weekly and sprayed the carpet with raid . I combed my cat every day with a flea comb and always pulled off 20 to 30 fleas . Over the three months I saw no difference in the amount of fleas on him or in the house . After three months I made some small changes - I bought a new vacuum cleaner and started applying the Frontline every 3 weeks instead of four . The vacuum cleaner seemed to make a slight difference in the amount of fleas biting my legs and jumping all over me but I continued to pull off 20 to 30 fleas from my cat every day . The last month of using Frontline I gave my cat a bath with flea shampoo , because the Frontline packaging said it would not effect its ability to kill fleas . The bath helped my poor cat relax for about 2 days , but then the flea population started to increase daily!Finally after 6 months I gave up and switched to Advantage . After about 2 months of using Advantage the fleas were totally gone . I have n't seen one in my house or on my cat now for several months . I wish I had switched earlier because I wasted a lot of money of Frontline . Now I do not have to do anything extra to control the fleas , I just put the medicine on him every 3 to 4 weeks and vacuum a regular amount.The saddest part of all is that I have seen a huge personality change in my cat since switching to Advantage . He is much more playful and energetic because he does not have fleas biting him constantly anymore . I feel badly for him because I did n't realize he was so miserable.Let this be a lesson to anyone who is planning on trying Frontline to treat fleas
 I have been using this product consistently and a week ago found my house to be full of fleas ! I am now trying EVERYTHING to get rid of these terrible bugs , treating house , yard and cat . I am so disappointed in this product !
 Frontline seems to work for the first week , but afterward the cat is just as infested as before . Even with the discount you get on Amazon , it 's too much to pay for a product that does n't work as advertised . I 'm going to try Advantage instead .
 I have tried this product a couple of times on my 2 cats and it does n't work very well . They both still have fleas . Save your money .
 Did n't do a thing ... . Still covered in fleas . Would not recommend this product to anyone . Waste of my money , and still have to wait a month to try something else .
 What a waste of money ! This stuff only kills the live fleas , not the eggs ! As soon as I killed the live fleas , bee ones appeared . Very disappointing product .
 Used this product as directed all three doses , and three months later my eight year old indoor cat still has fleas . Twelve hours after the first treatment the fleas started falling off dying . It did n't kill em all . After vacuming -LRB- daily -RRB- using sprays , powders and two additional doses she still has fleas . She is now losing hair due to a flea allergy , and I 'm stuck waiting for this last treatment to be finished so I can buy some Advantage . Maybe that will work better , right now its hard to watch her try to bite them back .
 Needless to say I jumped at the chance to have it delivered to me rather than slogging off to a vet to get it , but found right away that it was either old or ineffective , and the packaging was impossible . Wo n't buy Frontline again .
 I agree with the other reviewer who believes Frontline changed something.We have been using this for 2 years on 2 cats with good results , but the last 2 applications did not work at all . Both cats kept scratching even after their monthly dose , and we could see the fleas crawling on them . My husband stopped at the vet and bought a pill -LRB- Capstar -RRB- for each cat and within 30 minutes of them ingesting the pills fleas began falling off them . We could n't believe how many ! Unfortunatley , the pill only kills the fleas right then and has no lingering effect . Another dose of Frontline and they are back to scratching and the fleas are crawling .
 Our cat picked up fleas from a visit to the in-laws over Christmas . We ordered Frontline as an inexpensive solution but it did n't work . Had to spend the extra dough and order Advantage instead , which did work .
 I thought I 'd order from here since it was a few dollars cheaper than going to a local store -LRB- shipping being free made it less -RRB- . I ordered it on the 19th , according to the site it is in stock . I cancelled it on the 23rd , apparently it was n't going to ship until the 26th ... what ?? If the item is in stock then why the long wait to have it shipped ? Gah ! I 'll just go to the store and pay the few dollars extra to save my sanity ... I 'd expect a longer wait on something not in stock , not on something that is in stock . Oh and when I had it * bought * it was a dollar less than the price it 's currently listed at . Strange .
 My veterinarian said I was wasting my money on Frontline . I had used it in the past with good results , so I bought it anyway . It came fast and in regular packaging , but it did n't work , period . We ended up with a full-blown flea infestation . Our vet used Advantage on my cat while he was getting neutered -LRB- wearing Frontline -RRB- because he had fleas . The fleas started dying off immediately and were gone in 24 hours . I used it on all 4 cats with excellent results . I did n't have to treat my house or yard . A month later , still no fleas .
 I have been using frontline plus for about 3 , 4 years and is not working anymore!I have two outside cats , and I applied frontline regularly and never had a problem with fleas before . But everything changed this spring 2012 . Cats keep scratching , fleas not gone , a nightmare ! I have spread borax on my house , what looks like is working , and washing my cats with a flea/tick shampoo . I 've been reading on line reviews that Merial customer service sucks , that fleas are building resistance of the product , or that after a couple of years the product doenst work anymore . I will try to get my money back from Merial , cause in the past 3 months I 've spent more than hundreds with a product that doenst work.Merial Frontline Plus Flea and Tick Control for Cats and Kittens , 6 Doses
 Merial Frontline Plus Flea and Tick Control for Cats and Kittens , 6 DosesI gave this a one star because there was nothing lower . I have been using frontline on my cats for years and always bought from 1800petmeds . I bought this from Amazon because , of course , it was less expensive . The doses were half the amount and for the first time ever ... fleas everywhere .
 I have used Frontline on my cat before and it worked just fine . This time , either the fleas in my area are becoming immune to the formula -- or this product is not what it claims to be . Either way , Frontline has not gotten rid of my cat 's fleas . I even used Capstar to kill the adult fleas before applying Frontline -LRB- and Capstar worked like a charm - they all just fell off ! -RRB- . Novartis Capstar Flea Treatment Blue Tabs for Dogs and Cats , nitenpyram , 6 tablets , 2-25lbsBefore buying this product online , I suggest two things :1 -RRB- Poke around on the internet/call some local vets to see if others are having issues with Frontline in your community . Perhaps there 's some truth to this Frontline flea-immunity tale .2 -RRB- Check to see your vet 's pricing on the product . I went with Amazon because it was a bit cheaper . Now , I 'm having to go to the vet to buy Advantage or Revolution .
 This product arrived today and it has a horrible odor !! The smell has given us all headaches !! I have been using topical products for years and never experienced a problem such as this .
 This product caused my cat to develop a bald spot at the application site . There was no warning on the box about this potential side effect . We used Revolution before , and the cat was fine .
 Have had to dose both cats every three weeks just to keep the fleas down to a `` manageable '' level . This is in addition to having them bathed at the groomers at $ 65.00 EACH ! We have also had the whole house fumigated , inside and out ! Called the number on the box and they said that the cats must be getting the fleas from the -LRB- screened -RRB- windows , or from fleas being carried in on someones shoes ! Incredible ! Way to place the blame on ANYTHING except their lousy product ! I told the guy I talked to from Frontline that I kept finding LARGE , very ACTIVE fleas on the cats , and he said that `` the fact that the fleas were ACTIVE , proved that the product was working because that 's how the fleas died ... they bite the cat and ingest the formula and EXHAUST themselves !! '' Bwaahahhahhah !
 ACTUAL RATE
 This stuff DOES NOT WORK!It worked okay for the first few years I used it but last year did n't work so well and this year did n't work at ALL . I had to switch to Advantage , which is far superior and if I remember correctly was a few dollars less.If I could have rated it no stars I would have .
 Did not work at all . . Swapped it out for Bayer Advantage for cats and kittens over 9 lbs from same seller and had great success !! Suggest Frontline redo its formula .
 This product is absurd . I can not believe that it is supposed to be the leading brand . I used it because it was recommended by my vet when my cats got fleas , the fleas came back after a week !! When I did some further research on the frontline site , they say that there guarantee is for after three months of use . That is how long it takes to break the flea breeding cycle . Frontline kills adult fleas and flea eggs but not fleas in the larvae stage , which is the middle stage . So any of those fleas will emerge as adults and you have the problem all over again . If you already have fleas you should definitely go with Advantage that kills the larvae and adult stage . Frontline is only good as a prevention and who wants to pay that much for only preventative purposes . I encourage you to do your own research and not waste your money on this product that is definitely lacking.Go with Advantage
 Used to be the best . Apparently fleas have developed immunity to it . Went with Advantage instead after we still had issues while using Frontline .
 I expected the box pictured with the factory sealed type containers I normally order , but recieved a zip lock bag with syringe type applicators . I have not actually used yet .
 We ordered frontline . . the date of the product received was 2002 . We used all three doses 30 days apart and the product did not work . Although Frontline will tell you their product does not expire , our experience is that it is not effective when it is this old . Frontline has always worked for us in the past .
 I just recently purchased a 6 month supply of Frontline for my Cat because she has a flea problem . I purchased the 6 month supply because i had purchased Frontline before and to my knowledge it had worked . Well not this time , i did apply it correctly , however this time it did nothing at all to kill the fleas on my Kitty . Now I 'm stuck with the remainder of the package and really wish i could just get my money back . Advantage however , has always worked properly and i have never had a problem with it , but since Amazon had Frontline with free shipping , i went that route trying to save some money . Big mistake ! Just wanted to warn people , if you have never tried frontline before , buy a single dose first and see if it 's going to work for you so your not out a lot of money if it does n't .
 Very poor service . I ordered flea meds , recieved a comb instead . Cant get anyone to respond to my contacts . I think I will not order again from them .
 not happy , use all the time and this year its not working so good , hanged to another brand.good price but not happy with product nymore
 I have always used Advantage -LRB- but I usually stopped during the winter -RRB- . I started seeing fleas as the summer approached , but I was out of my Advantage . I saw Costco had the cat Frontline , so I decided I would try it , and got the dog frontline at Petsmart . My couple of fleas turned into a MAJOR infestation !!! They seemed to like this stuff !! I went from seeing about 15 fleas drop off my dogs during their bath , to almost 100 a week later !!! Frontline claims that all the fleas die from 4-18 hours once they come in contact with a treated animal , they should not be multiplying if that were the case , but they were multiplying !!! I called the company for their `` satisfaction guarantee '' , and I was told that I had to use it for 3 months before they would refund my money . They also told me it could take up to 6 months to completely get rid of my fleas !!! In 6 months , flea season will be over !! I do not want to spend that much on flea control only to have to wait for up to 6 months !!! The company told me that the specifics of their `` satisfaction guarantee '' was on the EPA website , who goes onto the EPA website before they buy a product to read specifics on a guarantee when there is not even an * to say to look there ?!! When I read `` satisfaction guarantee '' without having something referring to `` see enclosed terms '' , or `` see EPA website '' , or something of that nature , I take it as what I read in print . I waited until the next dose was due , and put my Advantage back on . The next day , there were NO MORE FLEAS on my animals -LRB- I have 2 dogs and 2 cats that were all on Frontline , and it did not work on ANY of them -RRB- . I would NEVER recommend this product , and I will tell EVERYONE to stay away from Frontline !!! Bad product , bad company !!!
 I purchased two packages . Both my cats had allergic reactions and lost hair at application spot . This appears to happen often . if you do any internet research yoy will see lots of complaints . I called Manufacturer that refused to honor their `` satisfaction guarantee '' Was told by someone named `` Ali '' at Merial Limited -LRB- 1-800-660-1842 -RRB- that Amazon is not authorized dealer therefore they would not refund money . Unless Amazon refunds I am out $ 60.00 .
 I 've used Frontline for years but this batch did not work on my cat . It must be a bad batch or the formula has changed . I called the customer service hotline and they told me I could n't get a refund because I did n't have receipts that proved I had been using the product continuously for 90 days . I was told to keep using it for 2 more months while my house fills up with fleas . I 've used it on my cat for years with small breaks over the winter but they would not believe me . Amazon backed the product and gave me a refund . I 'll never buy Frontline or any other product from the company again .
 It might have lasted a couple weeks . Would not recomend for anything but an older kitten . I wo n't be buying this one again .
 So I have been using Frontline plus for years . Never had an problem with it until this last time . It has n't been getting the job done . Should I move on to Advantage ? I heard fleas become immune to flea treatments if used for months , years , and that pet owners should switch the products .
 Been using FL for yrs and have had no trouble w/fleas . The last two applications have not worked . I even wondered if they were just filling those little vials w/water . Something is wrong and I definitely want my money back .
 I have two cats that are strictly indoor cats . They obtained fleas perhaps by being tracked into our house so I ordered Frontline from this seller . It worked for about a week and now the fleas are definitely alive and thriving on both of our cats , and for safety we ca n't apply anything else for 3 more weeks . I would n't recommend buying this product to anyone .
 This product is totally shit . DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON IT . I applied the product to my cat -LRB- never go outside -RRB- 2 weeks ago but my cat got even more fleas . So I again applied it one week ago and until today , my cat still has fleas . There is no sign of any dead fleas.I am totally mad now
 FrontLine Plus for cats did not work for my cat . On the advice of the sales lady at a veterinary dispensary , I bought this product instead of Advantage , the product my vet normally prescribes for my cat -LRB- and which actually works ! -RRB- . I must say I am terribly disappointed . I applied the dosage exactly as directed in the instructions . It has been a week and my cat is still scratching like crazy from fleas . Fortunately , I only bought a single pack and not the whole box . My advice to anyone considering this product is to save your money and buy something else ! Based on my experience , I would not recommend Frontline Plus to anyone .
 Promises , promises . This stuff just flat-out does n't work , despite all the hype . Fleas and ticks continued to infest my cat . I switched to Hartz Pro , and for pennies on the dollar , my cat is now free of the nasty bugs .
 DO NOT BUY Frontline Plus . It does not work !!!!!!! I applied the Frontline Plus to all four of my cats , because one of them got out and brought fleas back in and spread them to all the cats . The stuff reduced the number of fleas , but all four cats after a week still have fleas . I combed them all after a week to let it have time to kill everything . I got live fleas off all the cats . Two only had a few each , one had about 12 , the other had over 20 living fleas . The first few days , I saw dying fleas coming off the cats , but the ones I combed off were not dying , and were n't even slowed down.Mind you I also vacuumed every day and treated the carpets , bedding , and anything they lay on . It was not just picking up live fleas from the surroundings , the stuff just does not work . This is actually the second month I 've tried it , because I thought maybe I did n't apply it right the first month . In the first round , it did n't kill all the fleas either .
 Well I have had to buy advantage because Frontline for some reason is not working this season . So I am very disappointed with the product . However , the company did ship it fast and on time . It just seems Frontline has weakened their formula so you have to buy more of it !
 I used this product , as directed , for seven straight months with ZERO flea results . For five cats , that is a significant cost . I read several people 's reviews that in NC and SC , perhaps this product does not work - it sure did n't in my case . I switched this month to Advantage , out of total desperation , the fleas were eating my poor cats up , I would comb one and get 8 fleas a day . I spray the house with Precor , great stuff , but every day the cats brought more fleas in.Advantage killed all the fleas on all five cats in one day . Period . I will give Frontline 2 stars for tick control , which it does well . I can not find a way to contact Merial to tell my story to , which aggravates me , considering the cost , but I will use Advantage and try to find something for ticks next season .
 i ordered frontline plus nov 8 after discovering some fleas on my 2 cats ... product did not arrive until nov 23 ... i immediately treated both animals & 2 days later , discovered 1st tick EVER on 1 kitty & fleas still evident on both ... i have used frontline successfully in the past & am wondering if i got a bad batch ... i 'll be contacting merial during business hrs 2 find out my recourse ... very disappointed & now still have 2 figure out how to treat problem ... this product is expensive & supposed to be the best ... wth ??
 Pretty sure this was counterfeit . It never worked for us . Our cat battled fleas and ticks all summer - we kept reapplying , it made no difference . Be warned . I am sure this is not the real stuff !
 Not satisfied with this product . The cats have fleas and ticks after applying Frontline Plus . It does not work for 30 days as advertised .
 it 's been 1 month and so far all this has done for my cats is make them itchier than they were before and prompted the fleas to bite all humans in the house also . Before I added this fleas were n't biting me or anyone else . 2 days afterward I 'm getting bit everywhere . total of 15 bites on me at one time so far . Is it supposed to take longer to work or something ? It does n't seem to be stopping the growing process of , or killing anything . I 'm seeing them in all ages & sizes . the shot always worked , but since no one wants it anymore you have to go through some tedious process with your vet of pre-ordering it and waiting for it to come , up to 2 weeks , then get overcharged so they can make money off of you . Now that I 've seen how unwell this works I 'm almost ready to wait 2 more weeks to get the shot . for now I 'm going to have them flea dipped and will flea bomb my home . Do n't bother to waist your money on such an unreliable product . this company is a huge jip . too bad you ca n't rate it w / 0 stars
 Did n't work and before you comment , yes I vacuumed , sprayed the carpet , and washed the sheets etc. every week . It still failed . Later I read on-line that it has n't been working as well this year , fleas building up immunities and all that . Anyways I live in Fremont CA right now so if you do too maybe try Advantage , Natural Defense , or `` Program '' -LRB- Lufenuron -RRB- . I 'm trying `` Program '' next month -LRB- this month I tried Bio Spot , big mistake -RRB- . Anyways I am going to combine it with a Natural Defense carpet and furniture spray . Actually I 'll start the carpet spray part this month .
 Unfortunately this product did not have any effect on my cat . It was extremely disappointing that I spent over $ 70.00 total on Frontline for my cat and dogs for it not to work . I ended up going to my vet and getting Advantix for Cats and Comfortis for my dogs which worked immediately !
 I purchased 6 doses and 2 out of the six doses were completely empty . Bad quality control!Update 11/13/2012
 I usually buy this product at the vet , but decided to buy on line to save a few bucks . Well , it worked , for a week or two , but it is supposed to protect for much longer and break the life cycle of the fleas . Within the month , I found myself buying a different brand from a more reputable seller -LRB- still on line because I 'm a sucker for a `` good deal '' -RRB- . I did a little on line research and apparently it is quite common to end up with imposter frontline when ordering on line - as it 's supposed to only be sold by vets . I am now pretty skeptical about whether or not I really used Frontline , or a fancy fake ...
 One of the six packets was cracked open and the medicine had leaked out . I wrote the company and asked for a replacement . `` Alex '' wrote me a letter saying I had to call him . I did , and he said their policy required proof of purchase -LRB- like the leaky packet I sent to them was n't proof enough -RRB- . He refused to replace the defective item unless I could find my receipt . When you order as much as I do from Amazon , that 's a lot of receipts to go through over a two-month period . I guess Merial would rather lose a customer for life -LRB- my two cat are two-years-old and will need flea protection for MANY years -RRB- than do the right thing . This will be my LAST purchase of Frontline . Caveat emptor !
 For the first time-ever - this product did not work on my cats . I administered the liquid to each cat and all 4 cats still have fleas and eggs . I spent about $ 70 for 6 doses , for nothing ! Not happy and really ca n't understand why it did n't work this time . Now I have to buy a different flea control medicine and this stuff is not cheap . I will not buy again .
 product i received was not what i ordered . no where did i see that i was going to receive different product -- reviews in past from others all say same thing -- they should not be able to put a picture of one product up but send you something completely different -- this needs to be stopped
 My vet does n't carry Advantage any more , so my Neighbor and I tried Frontline . Between us we have five cats . Frontline did n't work at all for our cats.When I asked my vet why they had stopped carrying Advantage , he said because the fleas in the area were developing a tolerance for it . However , we found the opposite to be true . After waiting for three weeks after a dosage of Frontline , we tried Advantage again and it worked immediately and lasted more than 30 days . Any thoughts on this ? Has anyone studied flea tolerance trends for these medications in the US ?
 When this product first came out on the market it was THE flea control solution . However , over the last year or so I have had several people tell me it did not work for them.We were going to a `` Pet Friendly '' hotel for Thanksgiving Holiday and taking our diabetic cat with us . I treated her with Frontline -LRB- I use Revolution on all my indoor/outdoor cats because it protects for heartworm and we have NOT had a problem until now !!! -RRB- about a week before we left . She came home with fleas and flea eggs . Not realizing it was Frontline Failure , I treated all my indoor only cats with frontline and treated the furniture and carpet . Three months of treatments later there are even more fleas ! Frontline is NOT cheap and to keep spending money on a product while the fleas thrive is beyond frustrating.I am hearing this same story more and more . I do n't know if the fleas are becoming immune to the Frontline OR if the manufacturer has changed the ingredients . In either case , PLEASE DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! The cats treated with Revolution never brought fleas into the house . I did n't use it for Annie because I thought it would be `` over kill '' to treat her for a multitude of parasites when all I was worried about were fleas and ticks.FRONTLINE USED TO WORK , BUT IN MY EXPERIENCE IT DOES N'T ANY MORE.Please note that many of the positive reviews for this product are from 2005/2006 -- back when it still worked .
 I used this product on my large adult female tabby . I chose Frontline Plus over less-expensive supermarket or generic products , thinking it would be of a higher quality . My cat had a severely negative reaction to the product and nearly died . It happens , so please understand that this is always a possibility with products of this nature . It is a toxin , after all . But my main concern is with the description of reactions to this product in the positive reviews
 I have three cats that are always treated with Frontline and have been for several years . This order of Frontiline apparently was not effective , perhaps even too old to be sold . We applied it to our indoor cat as well as the two that go outside . A week after applying , I was pulling two ticks from my kitty 's ears . They were attached to his ears and it was n't easy to remove them . This particular order of Frontline did NOT work .
 Frontline has worked great for us in the past , but this product does not seem to be working after 2 months . We have a terrible flea infestation . I called Frontline and they will not guarantee their product if purchased from Amazon . Is this the real thing or counterfeit ? I am very disappointed .
 I used this product on my cat for years -- since his kittenhood , and he 's now eight.I never had a problem until recently . It appears now when I use Frontline that he has an allergic reaction to it ; a silver-dollar sized chemical burn appears within hours of application , and within a day he has a bald spot to accompany it.He is now enduring twice-daily hydrocortisone treatments and a sweater vest made from an old sock . -LRB- Have you ever tried to put a 16 lb cat in a sock ? I caution you ; it is an exercise in patience and dexterity . -RRB-
 In an attempt to save money on Frontline for my three cats , I purchased a 6-pack on here . I ordered it from Amazon because I did not feel comfortable purchasing it from a marketplace seller . Having used Frontline for years , I am very familiar with the product , its packaging , its odor , etc.The box appeared normal . It was the older packaging , but that was n't really a big deal . The product inside , however , was a major issue . The green vial/applicators were labeled as Frontline , but they did not have the same feel . When I attempted to snap one open , it bent without snapping . After trying several times , I finally cut it with scissors . I have never had this issue with Frontline that I 've purchased from the vet - it has always cleanly snapped open.Upon getting the product open , I was overcome by a strong skunky smell . This is a strong indication that there was something wrong . Frontline has a faint odor that is not unpleasant . This was a strong , horrible smell.Consulting with my veterinarian , we determined that the product was actually fake . She stated that she had seen a couple other cases of animals that had been treated with counterfeit products and had become extremely ill , lost fur , and had seizures as a result.The bottom line
 Yet another customer here saying Frontline Plus is not killing fleas anymore . I could not find an expiration date on the box . It is very annoying in the midst of criticizing a product when others perk up and say , `` Well it always works for me . '' Yes it worked for me as well for a couple of years . Wait until it does not work for you ! You have to wait 3 weeks in order to apply something else to your cats . Most likely due to a scorching summer this year , the fleas came on rapidly . Now I have a full blow infestation . After moving cross country one of my cats is evidently allergic to fleas now . He is almost hairless . It is miserable here in my house . Beware of Frontline because it can happen to you TOO ! I will NEVER buy Frontline again . BTW it is not a knock off and was purchased in a high end establishment . If someone from Frontline wants to contact me . Do not unless you are going to send someone over to remove every flea from my house . Your product refund is a joke .
 My cat lost fur and has such irritated skin that it 's bleeding . I 'm following the previous advice and using hydrocortizone cream . Never buying this product again .
 I used Frontline twice to no avail . It killed the fleas on her for a couple days , and then they were back , permanently on her , as powerful as ever . I finally used Advantage and finally there were tons of big , dead fleas everywhere . Eggs can hatch new fleas in your carpets and apolstery for up to a year , which is why you will keep seeing fleas reappear from time to time . What matters is what happens to them after they hatch and jump back on . With Frontline , they stayed , and with Advantage , they kept dying every time a new batch got to her . I also liked the applicator better than Frontline . Frontline seems to work for a lot of people , but many others have had the same situation as me . Who knows . But I 'll be sticking to Advantage for now .
 I used this product exactly as indicated . I see absolutely no indication -LRB- and it has been almost a week -RRB- that this product works . Looks like I am back to the `` drawing board '' . I gave this product two stars . Iwas being generous and nice .
 DO NOT order any Frontline products from Pet Discount Supply ! They ship from overseas and the Frontline products are tainted . I ordered Frontline Plus to kill my cat 's fleas and got something more that I never expected . It did not kill the fleas and it caused my cat to have a mental breakdown . She became mean and very temperamental and I have the scars to prove it . I dosed her from October , 2010 to January , 2011 and did not dose her in February , 2011 . After the first two doses , I started noticing the change in her , but did n't think it was associated with the Frontline Plus as I 've used the product on her before which I purchased directly here in the U.S.A. and it did not affect her . However , after the fourth dose , I realized my mistake of ordering outside the U.S.A. and stopped dosing her . She is slowly returning to my normal , loving cat . I am pursuing legal action against this seller , their distributors and whoever else I have to in order to be compensated for this atrocity . I just hope you read this review and do n't make the same mistake !
 I use to swear by Frontline ... but have been dealing with a nasty flea infestation and am going to switch to Advantage . My cat is an indoor cat , he has been on Frontline for four months , and we have been finding 10 plus fleas on him a day this last month . Yesterday we found 35 , and today 48 . Does not sound like flea control to me . I can not even find an email to send them a letter about my frustration .
 This stuff has left a permanent bald spot on my cat 's neck ! I 'm done with man-made pet meds.I understand Diatomaceous dirt will kill fleas `` mechanically '' so they can never adjust to it . I 'm going with that . No poisons for my kids to touch , no bald spots , no hard to open packaging .
 Just think , cats have to lick it sometimes when they wash themselves . Ingredients of this product is more harmful than in Revolution . You can research it yourself .
 I bought this from Amazon a month ago because it was cheaper than from the vet and found out later that Frontline will not stand behind their product unless it is purchased at a vet . Either the product I bought is a knock-off packaged as Frontline , or it just does n't work . My cats still have fleas after the second monthly treatment and after 2 Capstar treatments . I have also tried to treat my home . It is not worth the money saved if the product does n't work .
 I have spent a fortune keeping my 2 indoor cats and my 1 indoor/outdoor dog on Frontline . A FORTUNE ! They say you have to keep them `` dropped '' year round , and I have . They still have been infested with fleas and my dog got a tick somewhere along the line and now has lyme disease !!! The fleas are so bad that I have vet appointments for both of my cats next Saturday , my long haired cat is going to have to be shaved !!! In total for drops for the animals , and the spray and powder for the carpets , flea shampoos for the animals I have spent well over $ 600 . In theory , since I kept them `` dropped '' and never missed a date , the dog should have never brought the fleas in in the first place . After the vet appointment for the 2 cats , my grand flea total will be around $ 1000 in the last month and a half.The people at PetSmart have told me that the fleas in our area seem to be building a tolerance to it . That the outbreak this year has been so bad that they have had lots of people complaining that the drops are n't working ! Wish someone had told me that before I spent all that money buying the drops in the first place , just to have to turn around and traumatize my animals with weekly flea baths , flea dips , flea powders , and vet appointments!Do you know how ridiculous the poor cat is going to look shaved ?!?!!? It 's just sad ...
 Outer packaging was fine but box that was sent was damaged and one of the vials had leaked ... I got one less than what i had paid for as a result .
 Bought this for my cat after she had a bad flea infestation for the first time . I 've heard nothing but good things about it . Well three weeks after TWO applications -LRB- yes we had to give her two because we unfortunately gave her the first dose too soon after a flea bath -RRB- she STILL has fleas as does the house . We have been spraying , bombing , and vacuuming non stop for 5 weeks and the fleas are still here . Brought her to the vet today and that 's when we found out that she still has live fleas , and that the frontline apparently failed . We ended up having to shave her , give her capstar , got some advantage , and she is going to be taking program . Hope this does the trick .
 My cats are suffering from bad case of flea infestation and so I ordered this product after trying several others , however this product did not work and I still find fleas on them . This product cost lot more than most products available in the market and so I was hoping to see better results.Very disappointed in the product but have no complaints about the vendor as it arrived in reasonable time .
 This is the second time buying the product . The first time it did not keep the ticks off my cat , it worked great for fleas . I actually called the company and they have no guarantee for the product -LRB- pretty sad I think -RRB- . If it does n't work just say it might work in ideal conditions . In the winter , it seems to be working . Maybe ticks are not as bad.Let 's keep our fingers crossed that a product that cost 70 bucks works as marketed . I have 6 months so I will know soon.Dealing with Amazon was great ... I love Amazon.com , they have great processes and are very honorable and stand by their name .
 I have two cats , one female weighing an average of 10 lbs and the other , a male , weighs at about 20 lbs . I used this product on both of them at the same time last month and both of my cats still have fleas even more so than before . This product has failed to work so much so that I have gone back to see if maybe I received an expired product by mistake but have not found an expiration date on the box . Next , I 'm contacting the manufacturer to see if maybe there is a recall on the product . As it is , I would not reccommend this product to anyone and , in fact , I am advising fellow pet owners to not use this FrontLine .
 I use to buy the same product at another pet store and it always worked very well in my cat but , at this time i thing something is very wrong . it just does n't work . perhaps its not an original product . i do n't know.will never again buy this product from amazon.com
 Order was Not going to be received for a month & a half !!! Okay , Okay -- I 'll drive to the vets office for my order .
 I have used Frontline Plus on my cat for at least 4 years . She is an indoor/outdoor cat with lots of fur . A few weeks ago , I noticed that she was really irritable and did n't want us to pet her . I took her to the vet only to learn that she was invested with fleas ! I never missed a monthly dose of Frontline with her and had just applied less than 2 weeks ago . I was horrified ! My vet told me to switch to Revolution and I have . I called Frontline to complain and they said since she goes outside that she may still get fleas . I find this unacceptable ! I told them I would NEVER use Frontline again . Since Frontline and Revolution are about the same price , I recommend cat owners to get Revolution which also protects against ear mites and heartworms .
 2 month later cat still has fleas!Maybe after 6 month they have vanished ?
 My 15 year old cat recently died of what the biopsy said was most likely lung cancer , a very aggressive form that had metastasized to his abdomen & who knows where else . He had received pyrethrin based flea shampoos over the years , as well as Advantage , Frontline , and over-the-counter topical flea treatments over the course of his life . -LRB- Although I never did like to use the topical liquids on a regular basis , because I always worried about the exposure I would get myself just from petting my cats . -RRB- I never thought these topical neck treatments were very effective at killing the fleas long term - I always had better results with flea shampoos . One time I also treated my cats with Advantage multi that 's also supposed to kill worms , but I do n't think it even worked because one cat still had tapeworms a couple months later . I finally insisted the vet treat her with the old fashioned tapeworm pill , and that DID work.I 've been researching the main ingredients in Advantage and Frontline , and both have been implicated in the colony collapse disorder of honeybees . Imidacloprid , the main ingredient in Advantage , is also used as an agricultural pesticide for crops . It is a neurotoxin for insects , but they think it may also have the same effect on honeybees . It has been banned in several European countries because of its effect on bees.EPA reports showed imidacloprid caused thyroid lesions in the lab rats it was tested on . -LRB- Well guess what , a couple years ago my cat was diagnosed with hyperthyroidism ! -RRB- I also read on another site that in pet animals , the metabolic by-product of imidacloprid is worse than the absorption of the main ingredient itself.Just Google the main ingredient in Frontline -LRB- fipronil -RRB- and look up the side effects , etc. . Some sites I 've read say that Frontline has even worse side effects and long term health problems for pets than Advantage does ! I used to think these products were safe and that they were just made from some type of ingredient made especially for pets , to kill their fleas . I had no idea they were made of the same pesticides that are also sprayed on crops and plants ! Other websites have also said that , in some areas of the US , fleas are starting to get immune to Frontline and Advantage and they are no longer effective at killing fleas.I wish vets would stop recommending these toxic pesticides for our pets . Think about it - anything you put on your pet 's skin will get absorbed into its blood , where it will then have to be filtered by the liver and kidneys . I 've read other sites that say the LONG TERM health effects of the pesticides in these topical flea treatments can cause cancer , thyroid problems , liver and kidney damage , depression , etc.Would you repel mosquitoes by spraying a can of Raid on yourself ? Of course not ! So why do we put agricultural pesticides directly on our pet 's skin ? Most of the drug companies only do short term studies of only a few weeks to maybe a year . If they do n't see any short term effects like seizures , vomiting , death , etc. then they say it 's allegedly `` safe '' and has no `` long term '' side effects . Show me a 10-15 year study about the REAL long term side effects of this stuff . Are too many pets getting tumors , thyroid disease , kidney damage , cancer , etc. from these products?My other cat -LRB- age 12 -RRB- , who has had maybe 2 flea baths her whole life because she hates water , has also been treated off and on with these topical flea liquids over the years . Her most recent senior bloodwork showed the beginnings of kidney problems . The vet said it 's nothing to worry about yet , but I 'll need to keep an eye on it.There are better ways to kill fleas - simple rubbing alcohol kills fleas ! I 've also read giving them a bath in Dawn dish liquid works , as well as other all-natural flea shampoos you can buy made of cedar and peppermint oil , although I 've never tried those myself . But I do know that rubbing alcohol works . Or try and find a groomer or vet who will give them a flea bath . At least flea shampoo can be rinsed out of their fur.Yes , it might be more work and effort to kill fleas this way , but it 's totally worth it if you do n't have to treat a cat for thyroid problems for the rest of its life , or if your beloved pet does n't die of cancer before its time ! I will NEVER use any of these toxic flea products again . -LRB- BTW , I 've always fed my cats healthy food made with no by-products , so any health problems they have were most likely NOT caused by the food they ate . That 's assuming all was well at the factory where the food was made of course ! -RRB-
 This product used to work , but this go around was useless on six cats . Even treated the house , and the cats are still scratching away . Not sure what the problem is with this product now . If I 'm going to spend money on a flea product , I want it to work , and this stiff is not that cheap . Sometimes you DO get what you pay for . I will be going back to purchasing Revolution at my vets . I would rather spend more money for a better quality product .
 The product received simply failed to work . I have used Frontline before with great success . This time , it sure seems likes I must have purchased a counterfeit .
 Purchased this for use on my 3 cats . When I opened it , found that it had leaked all over the box , rendering my expensive purchase useless.Here 's the kicker Amazon wo n't accept returns on this product , because it 's classified as hazardous material . And Frontline wo n't refund or replace it , because it was n't purchased through a Veterinarian.The funny thing is , my wife is a vet . We bought it before a vacation , because her clinic was out of stock . But she told me pets are starting to develop Frontline resistance for fleas anyway , so she 'll be recommending competing products -LRB- Advantage or Comfortis -RRB- to her clients going forward . *** Do not buy this . ***
 I buy this stuff from the vet all the time and it works great . I just bought a six-pack -LRB- direct from Amazon , not a third party seller -RRB- and noticed that the applicator is slimmer and does n't snap open like it should -LRB- as another reviewer also pointed out -RRB- . Also , the tamper-proof foil fell off the applicators before I even touched them , and three of the applicators are empty.I ca n't vouch for every order , but the one I got is definitely a fake product.Note
 I have recently purchased a six dose box of Frontline Plus , and have found that two of the applicators had very little product in them as maybe they have leaked out and one dose was completely empty . Also the ones that do have product in them are very hard to open . I have purchased this product many times before from Amazon with no issues , but may reconsider future purchases because you can not return these items and half of what I purchased was bad .
 I have used Frontline Plus religiously for a number of years ; successfully . Suddenly this year , the product just does n't seem to work . What gives ? Did Merial change an ingredient without telling the consumer ? I 'm giving serious consideration to changing the flea and tick product I 've been using to another manufacturer and their top product . Chesapeake , VA 23323
 I 've bought Frontline on Amazon for years . This is the first time where it absolutely was n't effective.First applied July 15th ; reapplied after the 1st of August because I still found fleas . It is August 8th and my cat still has lots of fleas.Go to your vet or a reputable source for the real Frontline ; avoid wasting money on this seller .
 I have applied two doses of this Frontline to my cats . They still have fleas ! Product does n't work ! It 's very frustrating because this medicine is n't cheap ! And my poor kitties still have fleas . I will not purchase this brand ever again . I will stick with Revolution . I know that it works even if it costs more !!
 I 've been having major problems with Frontline since this summer -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , when I first noticed that it was no longer effective and that within 3 days after application there were still fleas on my cats . I 've used it for years and have always been very happy with it , and then it seemed that it suddenly stop working . I contacted my vet and was told that they had been receiving other complaints about Frontline failing , and mentioned that there was some concern about possible flea immunity to the product . Regardless of the potential reason , I have found a substantial community online with the same experience that I 've had .
 I expected to receive an Innotek ZND-1025 collar as pictured and labeled.Actual product received was a lower quality replacement item -LRB- PetSafe RFA-377 -RRB- . Reported as &#34; Only the name has change , the item remains the same . &#34; But , the nylon webbing is now thinner and of a lower quality , the buckle is now plastic instead of the original metal one.The circuitry in the collar ` receiver pod ' seems to have changed . Does not provide audible beep at a certain distance followed by correction charge at a closer distance . Now beep and charge happen at same time and may get stronger and faster as distance to zone decreases.After a couple of emails , the seller agreed to provide refund . I did not pursue this as further investigation revealed I would probably end up getting the ` new ' superseding version no matter where I purchased it.Such is the risk of buying things sight unseen from the inter-web . Ho-Hum .
 I have several of the units stashed around the house . They are somewhat effective . Sure , the dog stays out of the laundry room where the cat 's food lives . But , in the kitchen , he understands that if you run and grab , you can avoid most of the shock . so , food that falls off of the counter or quickly getting things off of the counter are effective for him . Also , I am on the third receiver collar . When the batteries go out and are replaced , the collar dies . I have tried resetting it -LRB- you do this with the large donut unit -RRB- to no avail.I would give it more stars if there were a setting to deliver the whole shock without the ramp up . Beep for 2 seconds and then , BAM . It would be more effective for our superbeagle .
 The harness was great for the first day . I had left it on my 6 month old puppy the following day only to find she had chewed straight through the strap that goes under the belly from the neck to the waist . The material needs to be made of a stronger fiber which can not be so easily destroyed by the teeth of a teething and curious puppy . I had to throw the entire harness away as it would not longer stay straight on her body . What a waste !
 We took two young dogs -LRB- less than one year old -RRB- to the vet yesterday with 104 plus fevers and extreme listlessness . The culprit turned out to be these tick collars . If the collars get wet , they put out more amitraz . If dogs play together and chew on each other 's collars during play , a toxic reaction can occur . Luckily treatment with Yohimbe turned the dogs around .
 My Maltese had a serious skin reaction . The collar literally ate the skin away on about a 3 inch area around the dogs neck and inside the ears . He is literally covered in scabs from underneath his chin to the top of his chest and all around his neck plus the inside of his ears , basically everywhere the collar touched He has long hair on his ears - I guess the hair brushed the collar constantly.My Cocker had no problem whatsoever . I will say the collars absolutely kill ticks . I was desperate as the area I live in is infested with ticks.I would just say to check your dog really well for at least the first month of wearing the collar for signs of trouble . It happened really fast and progressed rapidly .
 The harness was great for the first day . I had left it on my 6 month old puppy the following day only to find she had chewed straight through the strap that goes under the belly from the neck to the waist . The material needs to be made of a stronger fiber which can not be so easily destroyed by the teeth of a teething and curious puppy . I had to throw the entire harness away as it would not longer stay straight on her body . What a waste !
 I have 2 pugs that have NEVER refused anything to eat . Neither pug will touch these vitamins . I 've since bought other brands and have no problem . They smell terrible to me too .
 It took longer than usual to receive my puppy freshening spray . I thought there must have been a mistake as the picute shows 3 bottles of different fragrances . It did NOT ask me which one I wanted so I assumed I would be getting a bottle of each . NOT SO ... I got one small bottle of baby powder scent . I was quite disappointed as it cost me over $ 8 . I have gone back to the sight several times and each time the fragrance gets cheaper and it ALWAYS shows 3 bottles of 3 different scents and NO where does it say you ONLY get one bottle and you do NOT get to choose a scent for it . What happened here ? Is the ad wrong , misinforming , or did I get cheated out of the other 2 bottles shown in the picture ??????????????
 It shows 3 body for the price but you will only recieve 1 body for the price and it smells good if you like your big strong masculine Dog smelling Baby powder fresh ... Yea right . . The other dogs get a chuckle . . Thought it was a bargan for 3 bottle ... what a surprise ...
 First off , I 'm stupid for not reading the reviews first before purchasing . Second the reviews are TRUE ! It looks like your getting 3 seperate bottle of different scents but they send you one bottle of nasty nasty baby powder scent crap . Smells awful , bad advertising . Do n't buy .
 Very loud . We have a larg dog that likes to counter surf and is always hungry . Thought this would be good for prolonging his mealtime and making it challenging for him . Even though I put small dog food in , it was extremely difficult to get the food out . He gave up after about 5 minutes . Was disappointed in product .
 This toy is very frustrating , for a dog and for the owner . It makes my dog rather hyper and makes her bark too much . There 's nothing wrong with the manufacture of the toy ; I just do n't think it works well as a device to keep a dog happily busy .
 It 's a sturdy jug and easy to fill with treats . My dogs , however , do not find it interesting and have spent little to no time playing with it .
 I wanted to use this as an alternative to a Kong , to fill with lunch for my dog on days when she would be alone all day while I was at work , and my husband was out of town . The product arrived with a rubber `` rope '' with a ball-like bulge on the outside , and a cone-shaped plug on the inside , rather than the actual rope pictured on the page . For the first 3 days , it was wonderful . She was very excited and interested in how it worked , and it seemed to keep her occupied . On the fourth day , when I got home , I saw her chewing on the little ball-like bulge , which she had handily chewed off of the rubber `` rope '' . I worry that she would be able to chew off other pieces , and that she could choke on a lump of rubber that size , so I have n't used the product since then . Too bad , because it seemed neat . I would only recommend this product if your dog is a VERY weak chewer .
 The rope part of the toy that the dog is supposed to tug on to get the treats out is rubber and not rope as shown in the product pocture . My 45lb border collie mix chewed through that in almost record time.He really likes the toy . He just picks it up now by the knobby top and drops it to get the treats out . I will probably try to put an actual rope and stopper in to fix it . I am just disappointed that it was n't as shown .
 I originally purchased this item back in March of last year . It worked out great with my yellow lab in dispensing a meal a day . This version of the toy had an actual rope coming out of the jug . After about half a year , the rope wore through , but given the low price of the toy , I was satisfied with 6 months of heavy use and recommended it to friends.I then purchased a replacement end of last year . Unfortunately , the manufacturers had changed the toy so now it 's a rubber rope in place of the original fiber one . This toy lasted about 15 minutes before my dog had completely chewed through it , making the toy nearly useless .5 stars for the original version , 1 for new and unimproved .
 So I bought this thing and my cockapoo would n't touch it , I played with her with it and tried to show her how it worked and even rubbed cheese on it , but she never figured it out . So I got the idea that I could take a empty 20 oz coke bottle and fill it half way with kibble and maybe she would graduate to the tug a jug eventually . Well , she loves the plastic soda bottles , but still ignores this toy . I think maybe it is because they replaced the rope with a rubber faux rope . She loves her rope toys , but does n't like this rubber rope . I recommend starting with a soda bottle and only moving to this if they regularly destroy the soda bottle .
 My dog loves tug-a-war with ropes and etc so I thought this would be a great toy for her , since she is left alone during the day while I 'm at work . The problem is that she tugs on the rope , then smells the treats inside , then wo n't mess with the rope at all and instead spends her time sniffing at the `` scent holes '' and from the neck of the bottle . She will try to stick her tongue into the neck of the bottle . I 've demonstrated to her over and over that pulling on the rope dispenses a treat , but she just refuses to pull on the rope , even when I hold onto the bottle end and try to get her to play tug-a-war . She smells the treat and does n't want to play , she wants the treat , and she does n't understand it . I even took AKC liver treats and cut them into 1/4 and liberally filled the bottom of the jar with them , so that even a mild tug on the rope would result in a piece of treat being released . She just has no interest in pulling on the rope at all . She will mess with it for a few minutes and when she ca n't get the treats out , she leaves it alone . I was pretty disappointed with it . I think it would help if they made the outside knot smaller so you could pass the rope through the back of the bottle . That way you I could get my dog to just play with the rope without worrying about the treats and try putting it back in the bottle once she got used to it . As is , I 've had it a month and she does n't get , so I 'm considering cutting the knot off the end so she can at least play with the bottle and dump the treats out , and play with whats left of the rope seperately .
 My 11 month old Welsh Corgi figured this out the first time she took it from my hand . However within a matter of hours she had the rope soaking wet and chewed mostly in half . The rope is now soft and not a useable tool to get the treat out . The knot was also too big and frayed to let any of the snacks out of the bottle . You should also know that the snacks this company makes are too big for the extra small bottle .
 My puppy is under 40 pounds , and loved this toy . He chewed the rope apart in one day . Well , I unscrewed the bottom and inserted a golf ball . It did the job of the rope and made it tough to shake out the treats . Kept the pup occupied for two hours . Then he figured out that tossing the bottle would shake loose the treats . the plastic bottle cracked in minutes.This would be an excellent toy if the plastic was tougher . the design is great , especially with the ball addition .
 My Akita mix pup then , and even now as an adult does not like this toy . There are much better treat dispensers on the market , like `` Bob a lot . `` The purple dispenser is a large neoprene container similar to a water bottle for hiking . My dog was afraid of the toy until I helped him get some of the treats out with the rubber attachment that slides in and out of the bottle . He had no interest in trying to get them out on his own and still does n't . I have a 4 month old lab pup and she has no interest either.I think it 's a poor design .
 I thought this would be fantastic to keep my puppy busy but she just chewed the knob off the rope insert -LRB- ours was rubber -RRB- and that was that . She wo n't play with it at all . She is highly food motivated but this just does n't do it for her . Give her a Bully Stick and that 's really something though !
 I wasted my money . I tried putting different cereal , dog foods , etc. in this , and my dog ignores it completely .
 My 10 month old Lab needed some brain toys , and this seemed like an ideal option . There is a problem to solve , and the reward is food - what could be better for a Lab ? The problem is that she is a chewer , and though she did figure out pretty readily how to get the food out , she was way more interested in chewing on the rope . When I removed the rope - which also made it way easier to get the food out - she then thought it would be more gratifying to chew her way to the food , rather than rise to the intellectual challenge of tipping the bottle and dispensing a treat.And oh yes , this thing is loud when it hits the floor or cabinets in the kitchen , etc. . Pretty durable , considering all she wants to do is chew it and it 's not intended as a chew toy - but she has only spent maybe two hours with it total .
 A friend with a golden retriever reported that he adored this item , so I thought I would try it , as many of her suggestions have met with my own dog 's approval . But not this one ! Despite the alluring scent of treats inside , he found the bottle too big for his comfort , and would back away from it . He is a coton de tulear , weighing about 15 pounds , and I bought the size for small dogs . The plastic bottle apparently still was too big for his comfort .
 I think my dog was just too smart for this toy . I purchased one of the larger ones with the rubber rope . After 5 minutes of frustration in trying to get the treats out , my dog chewed through the rubber rope so that she could just empty the treats out the hole . It was a waste of money for my dog to try out . With the fabric-type rope , the toy might have lasted longer for her .
 Was excited about this tough toy , but gave it to our 96 lb puppy who tore the rope apart in less than an hour . He is usually really good with toys that dispense treats but this time since he could n't figure out the pulling , because it was n't really working , he just decided to chew the rope . Threw it away because it was also too noisy and scratching up the wood floors .
 I used it with my dog a couple dozen times , and she thoroughly enjoyed it . One time she managed to unscrew the bottom , and with that experience , she fixated on the bottom as the `` ultimate solution '' for the last morsels that were n't coming out from tilting and dropping the toy . She cracked through the hard plastic , breaking both the lid and the jug . The toy is advertised for `` heavy chewers '' but the container obviously does n't hold up . I hope the store will offer a refund .
 My 10 month old Golden Doodle had chewed through the rope within 30 minutes . The `` bottle '' part is hard plastic and very loud when bounced around . The knot on the rope -LRB- when we still had a rope -RRB- fit too tightly into the opening making getting treats out of the bottle close to impossible . I had hoped this would be one of those toys to occupy her a bit more . And for the price , think the rope would have been somewhat tougher to a chewer like mine.If your dog is a chewer I ca n't recommend this . Not what I expected or hoped for ...
 This one baffled me . My Blue Heeler loves `` figure it out '' kind of toys , but she was not interested in this at all , not even for 2 minutes . I put her favorite treats it , spent days trying to intrigue her , but to no avail . Maybe it 'll work for somebody else . Pay my shipping and I 'll send you mine for free !
 I have a 10 pound Yorkie who admittedly destroys most toys we give him . I thought this toy would be an exception based upon other reviews . He has a ball that he rolls around that dispenses food and seems to enjoy it and it has lasted longer than most of the other toys . For this reason I thought he would love this toy . Less than 36 hours later he became so frustrated in not being able to get the treats that he tore the rope in two .
 Our dog enjoyed this for 10 minutes and the bottom broke . The part that screws in the bottom cracked . I 'm very disappointed .
 I bought this based on a friend 's recommendation , but was disappointed.Although I checked the sizing chart , the item seemed too big and heavy for my dog . I recommend going one size down from what they recommend.Also - although my dog loves playing with her stuff-a-ball toy , she will barely go near this thing . So - the one does n't necessarily imply like for this item.I suspect this would work best for a dog with strong food motivation . My does n't like it at all.As a toy , it 's not much fun , unless a dog really wants food badly and is willing to put a lot of work into it .
 I bought one of these last year for my pittie mix who was less than a year old , he LOVED it at first and had a great time throwing , kicking and rolling it all over the floor to get to the treats . Then he started holding the jug down with his paws and puling up on the `` rope , '' which did n't take long to tear in half . I thought maybe he could still use it but that the treat would come out easier , this was not a good idea . He started chewing on the rubber at the top of the jug and it came apart in pieces - thank goodness he did n't swallow any ! So I figured once again that maybe it would still be useful once I removed the rest of the rubber bits that were torn , again I was wrong . He started to chew on the top of the jug itself -LRB- ca n't blame him it did smell like treats ! -RRB- and the plastic quickly became jagged and sharp . In less than 24 hours this toy was in pieces and in the trash . It was definitely NOT worth the almost $ 20 I spent on it !
 This was a waste of money ! The plastic rope cracked and broke within a couple of days . Our little pup barely touched it .
 Our Airedale Violet liked the idea at first . I sat on the floor with her and introduced her to the ins and outs of it . She just could n't coordinate holding the jug in the correct position while jiggling the rope . She wound up frustrated , barking at the treats which she could clearly see ... `` they 're right there in the bleepin ' jug '' . She spent some time trying to figure out how to open the bottom of the jug . I guess she thought she had a better chance of getting the bottom unscrewed than getting the treats out by holding it at just the right angle with her paw while tugging on the rope . Sorry Vi
 The toy is so so . I enjoy the buster cube and atomic treat dispenser much better . The hard plastic jar against the tile floors is VERY distracting.The tug-a-jug kept my dog entertained just as long as the other 2 dispensers . After a while , he just gave up and would lie down next to it.The noise this thing made was just unbearable .
 My 7 month old lab mastered the toy in about an hour . He managed to chew through the rope and render this toy about as useful as a gatorade bottle with no top .
 We have a lab who is a TOUGH chewer ... this lasted about a week.I got the first one with the rope top , and our dog chewed through the rope in 5 minutes and had the purple ball off in another 10 minutes . I made the mistake of using Gorilla Glue to put it back on , then realized that its really bad for dogs so threw that one away.Ordered another one -- this time with the rubber rope -- and our dog was through the rope in about 20 minutes , again got the purple ball off in another 10 minutes , and went to work on the neck of the bottle . A week later we had to toss it because he had chewed off the neck of the bottle and it was cracked all down the sides.He did LOVE it while he had it ... but $ 10 for a week of entertainment is a bit much ...
 My dogs who will generally `` play '' or destroy any toy had no interest . I tried placing everything short of hotdogs into the jug with no avail .
 I have a medium size dog - 38 pounds . He enjoys to chew on things but I have never thought of him as a heavy chewer . The night I received this he was so excited about it . It was so tempting to see , hear and smell the treats . Well , within 20 minutes the toy was in the garbage . He chewed off the rubber toy that blocks the treats from coming out . He then started to chew where the smell of the treats is able to escape . The plastic fell apart so easily ! He then started to break off little pieces . I woudl not recommend this for a medium or large sized dog !
 I was very disappointed with the tug-a-jug . It came in the mail today . The dog had it for 5 minutes and she had the rubber rope chewed in half in that short amount of time . A waste of money for me . I have yet to find something that this black lab does n't destroy in record time .
 I purchased two of these for our labs at Christmas . I filled them with their usual training treats , and the dogs loved them ... they played with them for about 30 minutes trying to get to the treats . Then ... the two dogs figured if they bit off the ball on the end of the rope , they could get the treats to fall out sooner . Yup ... within 30 minutes the plastic ropes were destroyed . It could really be a danger to dogs if swallowed . -LRB- This is why I watch the dogs when they get new toys ... and thank goodness I did . -RRB- Anyhow , totally disappointed with the product , it 's safety and the price . THESE TOYS ARE NOT LAB-TOUGH !
 I have greyhounds and when they grabbed the rope and the bottle `` chased '' them rattling -LRB- kibble inside -RRB- they decided they would never touch it again . I try it again with each new foster , and they all do the same thing ...
 I have a 15-lb . schnauzer-mix puppy . She 's easily bored , extremely destructive & likes puzzles . This looked perfect . It takes a bit of work to get food out so I knew this would occupy her for a while . The screw-on lid at the bottom of the jug was virtually seamless and very tight . When I ran my fingers over the seam before giving it to her I could barely feel it.I gave it to her at 8am before I went to work . I came home for lunch at 11:30 and she had COMPLETELY destroyed it ! She located the seam and , somehow , wedged her teeth into it , worked her way around the circumference and pried the lid loose . She then chewed the lip off of the jug all the way around so the lid can not be put back on it . She was lying there calmly and the food was all gone , so she had clearly long since finished all this in the 3.5 hours since I had given it to her .
 I bought a xsmall for my 12 lb dog . My dog is unable to get the treats out and when I tried to pull on the rope I coudl n't get them out either . I also tried to pull the rope when the bottle is upside down and still no treats . I tried several sizes of treats/food to see if perhaps that would help and still no treats . The rope in the bottle is so thick that nothing seems to fall through the bottle neck . Do n't bother purchasing .
 I purchased this for my Westie because I work and she 's home alone in her crate most of the day . I wanted to give her something to stimulate her mind , so she did n't get too bored while I was away . I received many recommendations on this toy , and read many great reviews . Here are my issues with it .1 -RRB- My dog may only be 16 lbs. , but she 's an extreme chewer . The product says it 's durable , but it 's not . She almost had it chewed through by day one .2 -RRB- Apparently , my dog is a genius . She figured out how to dispense the treats , just not the way they 're supposed to be dispensed . She unraveled the rope . Pulled it out and dumped the treats out . Now , the toy is useless.I think it would be a great toy for a dog that does n't like to chew and ca n't figure out a work around to dispensing the treats . For extreme chewers , and smart dogs , it 's not durable or stimulating enough for them .
 I bought two of these for my 16 month black lab and my 3 year old Golden Retriever . At first they nosed it and tossed it , but within 5 minutes my black lab had ripped the rubber stopper in half and dumped out the kibble ! Maybe he is smarter than I thought!The toy is completely unusable now and we are sedning it back.I think this would be a great toy for a smaller or less voracious chewer . If your dog is a strong chewer , I would get something else to entertain them .
 My dog chewed up the `` rope '' that stops up the bottle into dangerously large pieces in a manner of minutes . Note that in the `` Medium/Large '' photos for this item the stopper appears to be an actual purple and white rope , but the item I received had the solid purple soft rubber `` rope '' that appears in the `` Small '' photos . This design is completely unsuited for even moderately powerful chewers . I never would have bought this item had the photographs been accurate .
 I think this toy has potential , but it did n't come as pictured . The rope is not actually a rope , it 's a plastic mimic of a rope and my dog ca n't seem to figure out that he can tug at it like he can his tug rope . He quickly figured out all the other busy buddy toys and the buster cube , so I assume the rope just seems too foreign . I am going to buy an actual tug tope that will fit and try that instead . Will update review once I do this .
 This did not last 15 seconds with our dog . Chewed the piece that inserts into the bottle.DO NOT BUY !!!
 When looking at the product , I thought that it would be a good way to entertain my dogs . Unfortunately , after a few minutes of looking and pulling they gave up and never went back to the toy again . I think that the Kong is a superior toy to hide food and keep dogs occupied .
 Sorry , folks , but my pit bull mix destroyed this toy in less than two hours . He even ripped off the top and chipped the indestructible plastic ... if you have a `` busy '' dog , this is probably not for you .
 My dogs play constabtly with plastic and rubber type treat toys . I have never has one break before . This bottle on a rope smashed in two places the first day I gave it to my dogs leaving jagged edges at the neck of the bottle and the bottom screw on lid . It was not made to withstand shaking and banging the toy on the ground which dogs generally do with toys on ropes .
 I was so excited to get this toy for my 7 month old yellow lab . When it arrived I filled it with kibble and soon discovered that this is the worst toy ever . It is loud and dangerous . The jug is a hard plastic that when swung around can easily bruise you and your dog and break everything in the house . In addition , because I have hard wood floors , the loud bang of the hard plastic against the floor was unbearable . Lastly , in the two days I allowed her to play with it , the rope became frayed and I kept finding pieces of string in her mouth . I definitely do not recommend this item .
 I have two boxers , male and female . After about 30 minutes of the expected use , the male grabbed the end of the rope , shook and shattered the plastic threaded bottom right off the bottle against the corner of a door frame.Concept is intriguing for the dogs but the plastic is too brittle . They did n't have the toy long enough to get to chewing on the rubber ball at the end .
 My dog loves the tug-a-jug . I 've bought three of them and on all of them the bottom has split . The bottom edges and threads split and break off . My dog is n't particularly hard on the toy either , it 's only used on the carpet and she does n't swing it around into walls or furniture . She stands it up , knocks it over and drags it by the rope along the floor with her paws . I really want to recommend this product , but I ca n't afford to replace it every three to five uses .
 Our dachshund LOVED this jug ! But once she really learned how to do it she wound up doing it so hardthat the jug would slam back and hit her . She did n't apparently mind that but it broke her right canine tooth . Hence , this cost us $ 2500 for a route canal !!!
 I bought this for my 20lb puppy on the advice of my trainer . What a disaster ! Not only was I bruised from her swinging it around trying to get the treats out , but so were my walls and furniture . Within a week the plastic jug broke and that was the end of it .
 Ughh . . l I tried getting a toy for my puppy to play with to dispense treats . . it worked for a day . . my puppy was slammimg this jug around . . and the treats would dispense out . . he whipped it around he loved it . . but it cracked on the bottom and that 's that . . so out of commission . . but nosey if you do not have and carpets or rugs in your home . . i have hard wood floor . . it was loud and nosey , which was ok for a few minutes but then , i had to take it away . . good idea but my pup is 3 months old pitbull/german shepard mix . . he is active so now i ihave to shop for another treat dispenser . . i will submit a video of what i am talking about . . i just purchased another toy I will tell you how it goes . . i ordered the squirrel that dispenses treats i heard it was strirdy !!
 My 3 yr old 75lb boxer is a heavy chewer and has a really long attention span to toys that give him a challenge . So at first this seemed like a promising toy . It lasted maybe one week before my boxer figured out that picking it up in his mouth then dropping , no slamming , it on my hardwood floor gets pieces of food out . The end cap , which screws on and is plastic , never stood a chance . it broke off and I was able to screw it on once more before bits of plastic shards were on my floor and victory was his.It now sadly sits in the dogs toy box he doesnt like it anymore now that it doesnt dispense treats . lol . I wish I could get my money back or get a new plastic screw cap for it .
 I bought this item for my dog to play with . She was smart and can get out all the food in it . Initially I like it since it was entertaining for my dog . However , my dog quickly chewed open the rope - only the 3 time I used it.I think there is a problem with the design - it will be great if the rope can be replaced with some better material so it does not get chewed immediately.I asked some dog friends and they pointed out the same problemm . I would not recommend this item for dogs who chew . Well , most dogs chew , so ... There are many other interactive toys that you can try .
 My 12 month old lab puppy can grasp the bottle in her mouth and shake out all of the treats . It took her less than a minute to figure this out and eat all of the treats . I was very disappointed in this dog toy .
 I have purchased many Premier brand products and liked them , especially the Busy Buddy dog toys . However , the Tug-a-jug is not one of them . The treats do not dispense as easily as some of their other products so some dogs may get discouraged . My dog stopped playing with it due to that . The tug-a-jug can be a dangerous toy being made out of very hard plastic almost as hard as glass . If one dog is swinging it , it can injure another animal standing by . It also can do damage to furniture , walls , etc. . I purchased the large size . Today my dog found it after not using it for a very long time and was playing with it and cracked and broke the whole end off leaving sharp plastic edges . Luckily I noticed it right away or my dog could have ingested that ! I did buy it in 2009 but my dog hardly ever played with it so I am not sure how long they would last if a dog played with it frequently . Premier has so many other wonderful dog toys to chose from .
 Wow , disappointed . Within one week it broke . I am so dissatisfied with this one . My first one , when they first came out last two years and I feed my dog dinner with it 6 out of 7 days a week . He 's a pointer-lab so he needs to keep occupied in and outside . Wish they would have keep the same strong durable material as the first one !! I wish the company could reassure me that it was as strong as before . Duct tape would even fix it .
 Our Cocker spaniel can manage to get socks out of closed drawers and food out of closed cupboards but after repeated attempts to show how to use this item , he still does n't get it . It was purchased to help keep him entertained while we were at work . He likes the Busy Buddy squirrel but this one is a bust .
 My 2 tiny chihuahuas carried this around the yard a few times and it broke the 2nd day . NOT recommended , Waste of money !
 my dog has problem-solved this device
 My dog loves all of his toys . He 's a border collie , everything is interesting and fun to him ... except for this item . He wo n't play with it . He could care less that there is food in it . One of the problems might be that this toy is REALLY loud on tile floors . If it hurts my ears when he does attempt to mess with it , I could only image how his ears feel . The other issue is that he is more toy driven than food driven.This might be a good toy for food motivated dogs.This might be a good toy if you have carpet.I did n't like it and neither did my dog .
 Unfortunatly , we bought this at a high end dog store . We paid $ 22.00 . My 6 month old RR puppy figured the tug and throw to release the food quickly . We have had it for two weeks and I want my money back . The plastic jar busted open with sharp edges . Super dangerous .
 Well this certainly did n't last long with my german shepard mix puppy . It less than an hour she had shredded the rope , splitting it into two pieces . Once the knot in the jug dropped to the bottom she was able to empty all the treats quickly . I used it again with larger treats inside and no rope . That worked for about 20 minutes until she ripped the nub coating off the neck of the bottle and started crushing the neck portion . I had to take it away and toss it , getting only 2 uses and less than 2 hours out of it .
 I wanted to like this item and had seen the generally favorable reviews . I loaded it with some liver treats and opened our front door to offer it to my dog -- she grabbed the rope and released it ... and it fell about two feet onto the step and cracked ! I was pretty surprised it took that little to break it . The crack was on the screw-in bottom so it spread and basically the bottom broke and it was useless ... back to Amazon , sorry ! Maybe a rubber guard for the bottom would make this a better product ?
 I bought this on the recommendation from someone that also had a siberian husky . All i can say is that their husky must be fairly old . My 6 mth old siberian husky is very active & a heavy chewer . She figured out how to unscrew the bottom of the jug in one day-then proceeded to chew it to pieces .
 This is a great idea and I had such high hopes . My 8 mo old Shepherd is very active and rough . We have tile floors in the house and concrete outside . The dog slung this toy around , knee capping me a few times before slamming it on the tile floor and breaking it open . It it were made of hardier material I would buy another but this plastic is just too brittle for a rough dog .
 My lab chewed up the rope in a couple hours . This alone is not a huge deal as the instructions with the toy say that a ball can be placed inside the container and have a similar effect as the rope . However , before I could even place a ball in it , the plastic developed a large crack from the dog just carrying his toy around the house and dropping it on our carpetted floors . He has other plasic toys that he has had for months with absolutely no signs of damage .
 I have dogs who are 85 pounds . They chewed the bottle toy in less than 10 minutes ; trashed it.I have not tried this with a little dog .
 I was very excited when the Tug-a-Jug arrived . I was looking for new toys to keep my 11/2 yr old Lhasa busy . This did keep her busy . It kept her busy trying to get at the treats that she could see and smell without any reward . The treats only come out when I turn it upside down and play with the rope . I felt bad watching her trying to get the treats , and she tried so hard for such a long time . There is no way she would be able to turn it upside down . It is also SO loud . We had to take it off her the first day because my husband and I could not hear each other talking ! It was a waste of money . We will stick with Kong dispensers .
 This toy does not entice my pet at all . I am `` underwhelmed '' and actually regret purchasing it . I could have spent my money better purchasing nylabones which my pet loves .
 I thought this dog toy would perfectly fit my 11 month Samoyed and provide the durable playful time . Unfortunately , my Samoyed was not just rolling the bottle , her chewing on the knots caused the bottle to fly around and when it hits my fragile ceramic floor , it broke -LRB- both the lid cover and my newly set floor -RRB- . . * sigh * Maybe this product should be used in a carpeted environment only .
 This gizmo is HUGE ! If it were n't so much trouble I 'd send it back . Looks like a great product for a St. Bernard , but for my 13-pound Shih Tzu it 's overkill . There may be a smaller version , but I can only imagine what the hard plastic would sound like on my tile floors !
 My pup and I really enjoyed this in the beginning . She very quickly learned how to hold the rope with one paw and tip the bottle with the other to get food out . We were starting to learn some other things -LRB- adding balls inside to change how the food fell out , etc -RRB- . Screwing the cap on was always difficult , with it needing to be lined up exactly right . Soon , however , the threads broke off the bottle so that we could no longer screw the `` cap '' on . Now it is useless .
 My dogs are not rough at all , one is 4 years old and still has toys from when she was a puppy . Within one week , she broke the cap into 3 pieces anf got all the kibble , Superglued it back together which lasted another week.I would not purchase again . I went for the hard plastic Kong that dispense hard kibble . They have barely scratched it although they can get the food out more quickly . I throw larger treats in to slow dispensing action .
 If your dog is n't a chewer/destroyer-of-toys like mine , this might be fine . But my lab destroyed the rope and ate the plastic stopper very quickly . Also , keep in mind if you live above someone and do n't have carpets , the dog will repeatedly drop the bottle on the floor to get the treats out . So had my dog not eaten this toy , I still could n't have used it very often because it 's very loud .
 This toy is phenomenal . It keeps both of our dogs -LRB- 1 silky terrier , 1 boston terrier -RRB- busy , and actually keeps my boston 's farting problem at bay -LRB- I 'm serious -RRB- . The only downside is the plastic top that you have to screw off/on to put food into it is NOT durable . I called customer service and they sent me a new one , but they sounded surprised because the tug-a-jug is apparently made of ballistic plastic -LRB- I do n't even know what that means -RRB- . The 5 jugs I 've gone through say otherwise ... Note
 I was very disappointed when this toy broke in less than a week . It was advertised as being durable plastic , but it could n't stand up to our beagle dropping it repeatedly to get the treats out . The plastic lid on the bottom cracked and broke off less than a week after our dog began playing with the toy . The broken plastic pieces are very sharp and would have been dangerous if our dog had not been supervised .
 My 8 month old yellow lab destroyed the rope almost immediately . She also watched me fill it with toys and chewed on the screw off part until she broke the cover . Then she chewed up the bottle . Not for the heavy chewers like Labs .
 I bought this for my lab thinking it would be a fun challenging toy for him , but he has never even touched it . I put treats in it and he would n't go near this toy ! I tried to give it to my mom 's labs and they did n't want anything to do with it either .
 My dog had this for 30 minutes before he chewed through the knot . He then went on to chewing the rubber off the nozzle . My dog was 9mo old and weighed 26lbs . Loved the idea of it . Disappointed that I spent $ 12 on a toy that lasted less then an hour .
 The container itself is very strong , but our 40 lb springer spaniel chewed the rope apart in less than 15 minutes so she could get all of the treats .
 Granted I did n't take into account that my dog would chew through the rope , but my Pit had this destroyed in less than 10 mins . The sides of the bottle are too deep to really dispense without having to tip the bottle , so she got a little frustrated trying to get the treats out . She ended up bringing the toy to people to get the treat out for her . Well , she got tired of that and just decided to eat the rope off . I was really excited to get this toy too , she needs mind games to keep her busy . This one just does n't hold up . Totally not worth the $ 20 I wasted . I 'm sticking to Kong and West Paw toys from now on . They are the ONLY brands I have found to hold up and cost less than the new poser brands coming out .
 This seemed like a great toy , until my dogs had in for 10 seconds.The end the treats come out of has rubber parts -LRB- which smell strongly of , well , rubber -RRB- and the opposite end -LRB- that no treats ever come out of -RRB- has little holes drilled in it.This makes the smell of the treats MUCH stronger from the WRONG END of the toy.Both of my dogs were scratching and licking at the end that they could actually SMELL the treats through , and actually backed away from the strong smell of the rubber.The other treat-dispensing toys have been too easy for my dogs , but this one does not seem to be made for an animal that relies so heavily on it 's sense of smell .
 Busy Buddy Kibble Nibble has been a great toy for my dog , but Tug-a-Jug was not . Within 10 minutes , she had gnawed the `` challenge '' rope into 6 pieces . Maybe it 's good for an older dog but definitely not for my vigorously chewing 8-month-old puppy !
 I worked with my dogs on this toy for several days . Using it as an interactive toy we played tug , and the rubber stopper became wedged tightly so that it sealed the hole , trapping the kibble inside . The goodies inside would only fall out when the rubber stopper and straw was in a very specific position , AND the straw-like piece had grabbed the treat and pulled it through the hole , AND the bottle had to be upside down . This was something that my dogs could not possibly do with their mouth , tongue , and feet . They would pick it up by the rubbery end , sniffing and chewing at the rubbery purple parts , making it impossible to use gravity to allow the tiny treats to fall out , let alone accomplish the amazing `` straw grabber '' feat described above . Of course with no reward the motivation waned . Even my highly intelligent dog got frustrated and then became indifferent . After I had left the room for 10 minutes , my other dog had chewed up the purple rubber stopper and straw , and transformed the already useless toy into just a bottle with a small hole and no rubber stopper . Do n't waste your money . I 'm not impressed with the other two toys -LRB- by this maker -RRB- that I bought
 I bought this product to occupy my 13-month-old mix . She is an aggressive chewer , but the product description led me to believe that this toy was quite tough . When I received it , I was a little disheartened when I saw that the tug was rubber , rather than rope -LRB- as it appears in the picture -RRB- - as she tends to get through rubber toys with very little effort.Nevertheless , I decided to try it out , she learned quickly that she could get treats out of it and it occupied her very well for almost an hour . At that point I went to dig it out from under the bed and was dismayed to find that the rubber `` pull '' was already in pieces . While the bottle still works and seems to keep her interested , I feel like dog toys should have a more indestructible nature than this one does . Especially for eleven dollars !
 I have two dogs and bought them each one but they broke pretty quickly -LRB- the plastic cracked and started to fragment -RRB-
 I bought this for my 16 pound whoodle , and within 4 days she was able to crack the bottle and ripped apart the rope that was attached to it . I would n't purchase it again , but the concept was good .
 My one year old Lab . loved the bottle filled with his kibble . The kibble fell out when tossed around . He carried the bottle into the kitchen started tossing it and it cracked when it hit the tile floor at the screw end ALL kibble fell out and it broke into sharp pieces and it was a scramble to get the piece before he tried to eat and swallow them . You know Labs they will eat anything halfway looking like food . The bottle is not very durable on hard surfaces . The same would have happened on the patio deck I am sure . Expensive for the 30 minutes he used it .
 I purchased this for my dogs . One is a male 13 yrs old sharpei/golden retriever mix , another is a female 4 yrs old black lab , and the other is a 1 yr old great pyrenees . All of them ignore it completely ! They seem to like the kong with treats in it best or the buster cube or a toy similar . However my sister 's dog is a mix of german shepard and she loves this toy . So it kind of depends on the dog . Some dogs love it , some dogs ignore it .
 This is a wonderful toy and feeding tool . This keeps my 33-lb/4-month-old puppy busy for a good 20 minutes and after he 's eaten all the food , he can chew on the rope . It 's easy to clean , which is a BIG plus ! This is a wonderful alternative to the Buster Cube . I also have the small Twist and Treat and both are great toys to keep him occupied ... This toy was great except after a few months of using it , the rope got extreme dirty and smelly and this was difficult to clean , so in the end , I had to toss it out .
 I have a lab puppy that is starting to put on too much weight . No surprise there . I thought some search for food toys would work well . I have about three different ones now and a couple more treat toys . He will barely touch this . He loves rubber and the hard plastic seems to bother him . He is smart and can get some of the food out but then gets frustrated and walks off . He is extremely food driven so this was a huge surprise to me . It sits on the floor with food in it and he will just walk by . I have another hard plastic food dispenser that has similar results with him . He is also an aggressive chewer so I figured he would just chew the rope off . But he does n't even do that . Know your dogs preferences when purchasing these types of food toys .
 The plastic jug portion of this shattered . After the fact , I learned that the same thing happened to several friends . Great idea , but not well built .
 This looked like an interesting toy but was unfortunately destroyed within 6 hours of first use . I do not recommend this for a giant breed . This may be a good toy for indoor supervised use .
 I got this because everyone says it 's great for your dog to play with when he 's alone . My dog has several treat dispensing toys to keep him busy : Atomic Treat Ball Interactive Dog Toy , 3-Inch , Ourpets DT-10504 Smarter Toys IQ Treat Ball , 5 Inches , Colors may vary , and Kong Puppy Kong Toy Medium . He does really well with all of them , the atomic being his favorite and the Kong coming in a close second because he really has to work to get stuff out of there . The Tug a Jug just does not work at all for him , though . I put tiny treats in there and it is physically impossible for him to get the treats out . If you 're lucky , the rope will catch on one of the treats and you might be able to wiggle one out that way , but that would still require him to be holding the jug and tugging the rope which hardly ever happens . If that does n't work , you have to tip the jug to get anything out and , well , my dog ca n't do that since he does n't have thumbs . I 'm glad I got this on clearance at CVS otherwise I 'd be a little peeved at paying so much for a toy that does n't work .
 Purchased this for my 3 year old Dalmatian who suffers from separation anxiety and boredom when my husband and I leave for work . We put his breakfast in the Tug-A-Jug , and he went from howling when we left , to happily chasing his toy around to get his food . He is n't a major chewer , but has ripped things up in the past . This toy shows some minor scratches -LRB- we 've had it for about 6 months -RRB- , but they are all cosmetic-nothing structural . So that 's the good news.The bad news ? The rope gets super smelly . Since we wanted to use this to feed our dog breakfast , we are n't using the Premier brand treat inserts , we are using just normal kibbles . After about a month of use , the toy began to smell , so we sent it through the dishwasher . The only problem is that the rope never fully dries out , and the smell came back quickly , and worse . Now , if we want it clean , I have to soak it in bleach water , then hand wash , then dish wash , and then put it in the oven on the lowest setting so the rope fully dries out . For me , this is too much work . We 're ordering a kong to see if we can save on some of the clean up time .
 Have a 6-month old black labrador . She destroyed toy in less than a week . When the container broke , it was very sharp .
 Based on the stellar reviews , I bought this for my Husky Shepherd dog , Juneau . He would get all the treats out of the KONG so I decided to get him another toy to keep him occupied when I was away . The first few days he attempted to get the treats out of the busy buddy were not successful . He would sniff , push , sniff , push . The hard plastic made a lot of NOISE . Sometimes Juneau would drop the KONG down a flight of stairs to get the treat . I did n't mind the rubber KONG bouncing around . But imagine hard plastic hitting my hardwood and marble floors!After a week of use , I had trouble getting the cap back on . I found myself being the Busy Buddy , trying to get the cap to stay on ! We tried to like this product but it just had to go back . I can imagine this toy might be better for those with carpet .
 I bought this for my 6 month old lab puppy . He figured out how to get the treats and it was his favorite entertainment . However , he swung it around from the rope -LRB- it 's made to do that -RRB- and within weeks had broken the plastic top by hitting it against the floor so it could no longer be used . For a $ 20 item , I expect longer use , and to have plastic shards around a puppy is just dangerous ! Great toy/food dspenser in thoery , but just too fragile !
 I bought two of this bottles because I liked the principle but ended up realizing that this toy was basically designed for puppies.The two bottles I bought lasted no more than two weeks with my German Sheppard.The main problem is that this bottle is hit on the floor and walls at the time the dog is trying to get the kibble out of it . It cracks and is basically a dangerous toy for adult dogs that will end up eating part of the plastic .
 I consider my Sheltie to be an intelligent dog , but the noise of the toy makes him back away . And I ca n't tell you how many times I 've `` demonstrated '' how to get the kibble out . He just waits until I do it . He could care less about the thing , and he 's very food motivated .
 I thought this toy would be amazingly stimulating . If you look at the top of the bottle , it is nearly impossible for a dog to get the treat out . I wanted a toy that would engage and keep my Cojack busy . . She ca n't get the treats out . Please fix the design !!
 We ordered the medium/large tug jug . It smelled like plastic so strongly my dog would not go near it no matter what food we put in it . I tried it with a friends dog four times and the dog could not connect that kibble came out when he let go . All he wanted to do was tug . The rope was so stiff he could n't really get a grip on it and the rope also smelled of chemicals . Between the BPA in the bottle and cap and the inflexible rope , we found it was unusable and sent it back .
 So the version of the toy I got had a rope and not the rubber ` rope ' . It 's a bit misleading because there are pictures of both versions . I had seen the toys in the store and had only seen the rubber ropes so figured that was the current version ... I figured wrong ... and within 10 minutes my dog had untied and completely frayed the rope , thus ending the whole point of the toy . They have a ` helpful hint ' of what to do when the dog has destroyed the rope of putting different sized balls in the toy to get a ` similar ' effect ... that 's great , but it 's not the toy I bought . AND now , I have to go out and buy the balls to put in it so I do n't completely waste my money on what became a useless toy in 10 minutes . It 's a good idea but I would n't recommend this toy ... they need to work out some kinks first and/or up the quality of this product .
 I was so excited when I bought this toy , imagining the hours my dog would spend entertaining herself with this toy . Unfortunately my mutt took two seconds to size it up and decide that the best way to get the treats out was to chew the rope off , which she did promptly . She was right , and I could hardly be upset with her , but I was disappointed that such an expensive toy was so easily destroyed .
 My Min-Pin shows absolutely no interest in this item . He is usually very receptive to anything that dispenses treats .
 This toy did not last . I have a boxer and he chewed the rope off the jar .
 My dog destroyed the rubber `` cord '' in 5 minutes -LRB- worse yet , swallowed it -RRB- , got very nervous trying to get the treats out and almost attacked my other dog for trying to get it from her -LRB- which she never before did -RRB- . I had to take her toy away and wish i could get my money back . $ 10 is not a cheap tog toy , so it could be at least durable . I bought it because i thought it 'd be a good distraction to keep her entertained and less anxious when i leave , but now i 'm afraid it 'd be inducing aggression and causing harm if ingested . And that would cost much more ... Better stick to Kong toys , the only ones so far my chewing dog can not destroy it !
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DOG AND HE TOOK ONE LOOK AT IT PLAYED WITH IT FOR A FEW MINUTES AND NEVER LOOKED AT IT AGAIN - IT WAS A WASTE OF MONEY . . IT DID NOT INTERESTED HIM AT ALL . . SO DISAPPOINTED ...
 I bought this for my 8-mo-old blue heeler/husky puppy , and she managed to pull the rope enough to break it within 2 days . She 's a rough-and-tumbler to be sure , but they claimed it was indestructible . Hardly.Pity too , she 'd almost learned how to use it .
 My 7 month old Rottweiler broke the bottom lid off within a few minutes . The plastic is hard and when he tossed the product around by the rope it hit the ground and broke . Now he just plays with the rope .
 Too fragile for my pup . He bit right through the rubber `` rope . '' I think it lasted about 45 minutes . Granted he is an adolescent AmStaf , but I still had higher hopes . We are sticking to our Kongs -LRB- filled with low sodium chicken broth and frozen overnight -RRB- .
 This is a poor excuse for a dog toy . It lasted all of ten minutes . My puppy picked it up carried it across the room and dropped it on the floor and the screw off bottom that you load the treats in shattered and rendered it useless.Big waste of money !!!! Potentially a choking hazard if the puppy had chewed the broken pieces : -LCB- It deserves no star !
 I had this for 2 days before my dog rolled it off the couch onto a carpeted floor , which caused a 3-inch section of the brittle screw-on bottom to break off , rendering the toy useless -- and potentially dangerous .
 My dog loves puzzles and treat dispensing toys but this is the only one she dislikes . I do n't really know what else to say except she 's completely uninterested . Might only work for big dogs who like to rip things apart .
 I have a 7 pound miniature poodle , and she is terrified of this toy . She tugged it a couple of times when we first gave it to her , but it made so much noise she has never messed with it again . I have tried to get her to play with it , but as soon as I get her to tug it , she gets scared . I think she feels like the bottle is following her . Also , we got this in the extra small size , and at the time we purchased it , -LRB- 2009 -RRB- it came with an actual rope . The treats are very hard to get out . Even for small treats , I have to push the rope in and tip it upside down and to the sides to get them out effectively . I know that some of the more recent reviews have talked about a rubber rope which might have fixed this problem , so maybe this is an outdated issue . Most of all I would just say this toy is probably not for dogs that have a more timid tendency or are scared of loud sounds .
 This product probably works fine at larger levels but at the small the bottle neck is too narrow to allow anything but crumbs to come through . With this sized rope and the storage available in the bottle the product would work perfectly if it had a larger opening to allow dog to pull out treats . Sadly this is not the case.I 'm hesitant to purchase a larger one as I worry the bottle neck-rope width issue will be just as present as it is in the small .
 My golden doodle chewed through the rope within 2 days . I thought it was going to be a great interactive toy for him but it was not . Clever boy chewed through the rope so that the treats poured out ! lol
 Worst toy ever ! - cheap plastic , not strong-rope too thick prevents treats to fall outI have a super smart border collie and he got frustrated with that thing . Not because it 's hard to understand how it works just because it 's very hard to get the treats out even for me , even when he shakes it . The rope -LRB- too thick -RRB- prevents the treats from falling out . . and even when I removed the rope , the shape of the bottle makes it difficult as the kibbles roll inside but that 's pretty much it , they barely ever get passed the neck . Which makes it a very expensive useless toy , I could have just use a small empty water bottle for no cost !! DO NOT RECOMMEND!Try the kibble nibble instead , I have one and it 's way better even if sometimes the treats fall out of it too easily.Busy Buddy Kibble Nibble Food and Treat Activity Ball
 The `` rope '' idea does n't really work -LRB- well it works 1 time -RRB- . It actually impedes the dispensing of the treats after your dog yanks it out - now the treats are stuck inside until the human pushes the rope back in.Would NOT purchase again !
 My small , 6 lb Mini Schnauzer-Shih Tzu mix found this a bit frustrating . As others have said in the reviews , she could n't get the treats out ... she knew they were in there , but they do n't come out easily and I put in her smallest doggie food . Heck , I could n't even get them out unless I pulled VERY hard on the rope . She likes the rope , but not for long ... she 'd like it better by itself . I got the smallest one and she 's a very smart dog , but it 's just not for her . Do n't know what I 'm going to do with this thing ... just put it in her toy box I guess and hope she latches onto it once in a while . It 's a total waste of money in my opinion . She likes the roller treat dispensers ... I even made one myself with an empty plastic peanut jar , used an exacto knife to cut holes on two sides , and she can roll it around and get excited about her treats rolling out ... even an empty butter tub can be used . Save you money on this one . Just MHO.Update
 I started feeding my chocolate lab his dinner in this toy and it worked well . I really enjoyed watching him figure out how to dump this kibble out and he seemed to enjoying the challenge of getting every last piece out . He took to picking up the empty jug and dropping it , as if to ask for more food ... and after 3 or 4 instances of this , the lid broke.If the lid were better protected from this type of damage I would definitely buy another one . It 's not dog proof enough for us .
 I have 2 chihuahua 's and they are not at all interested in this toy . I have tried different types of treats in it and they still care less . Maybe it is a good toy for big dogs in a yard or something ?
 I bought this toy and put one of my dogs in her crate with it . I just filled it with a handful of kibble . 1/2 hour later the Tug a Jug was broken . My dog had chewed the end off where it screws on . Her chewing destroyed the threads so the toy is useless . She 's a 55 pound food motivated dog , medium chewer . My original worry about the Tug a Jug was that it would be noisy on hard floors . It never made it that far . I had better luck with the Busy Bone toy , although she can get the Gnawhide rings off pretty quick . At least that one is still usable .
 Loved the idea , but it only took my lab puppy less that 10 minutes to open this and destroy it !! The only thing left is the purple `` rope '' from the middle , which is now a great chew toy . Too bad -- the whole thing should be made out of indestructible material !
 Despite several washings , I can not get rid of the industrial plastic smell on the soft rubber parts of this toy , and our dog -LRB- lab mix -RRB- has absolutley no interest in it , despite favorite treats inside . I can only assume she finds the smell offensive/repellant . If she does ever take an interest in it -LRB- I keep trying -RRB- , I will keep a close eye on the rubber `` rope '' - seems like something she may chew through fairly quickly .
 My one year old boxer is a big goofy , playful dog . He adores chewing on water bottles , stuffed toys , milk bones , you name it . I really thought this toy would be a terrific idea for him but he is absolutely terrified of it . He growls and barks at it , wo n't even smell it . Sounds terrific to me but I guess if you 're considering this toy you should probably bring your pup to a pet store to introduce him to it first .
 I bought this because of all the great reviews , but unfortunately neither one of my two dogs were at all interested .
 my dog would n't even touch it . However from what I 've heard other people use it . It seems way too heavy and bulky for a dog to play with and I can see if causing a lot of damage to your furniture if your dog was to swing this around . Especially if you have a small child that could get whipped in the head with it .
 I bought this for my Puggle -LRB- Pug/Beagle mix -RRB- because he loves to chew on empty soda bottles . The bottle part is very tough , but he had the rope part destroyed within an hour . I expected more from it than that . Without the rope , it 's just not the same . I consider this to have been a waste of money .
 I bought this tug toy because of the reviews ... However , none of my three dogs had any interest in them , even when I put their favorite snacks in them . I dog is a big chewer , one is a medium chewer , and one is too old to chew ! Not one would go near it ... Also , it does not look like the picture . It is entirely in purple , and the tug is all purple and rubber ... This is the only toy I ever bought that all three dogs disliked . It has been a week , and I keep giving them the toys , but no luck . I personally think it is too awkward and heavy . . Fell on my bare foot , and it hurt somewhat . I think you could make this with a plastic soda bottle , for nothing ... Sorry for the bad review ... The review is from the dogs , and not me ! I paid quite a bit for 2 of them , and Ineed to figure out what to do with them ... paid too much to throw them away . . maybe make a bird feeder ?
 I can not get my dog to use this no matter how hard I try . My dog is the most food motivated dog I 've ever known . She will do ANYTHING for carrots , lettuce , ice cubes ... even her own kibble . But regardless of what I put in this thing , I can not get her interested in this toy to save either of our lives . I even tried clicker training her on it ! She does n't associate it with food no matter what I do .
 The item was delivered here in great condition . My 5 month old American Eskimo likes the tug a jug even without any treats or kibble inside . But after a few uses a small piece of the bottom lid chipped off . My puppy did n't even play roughly with it . It could have been dangerous if he ate it . Luckily I was there .
 We bought the large one for our dog thinking it was a neat idea to keep him occupied -LRB- and it is a really good idea for a toy -RRB- but apparently our 20lb dog has jaws of steel because the plastic broke the first time he played with it . He 's not not a monster dog by any means but this just could n't hold up to my dog .
 I have yet to figure out how to get the bottom off to place treats into the toy . So I put them into the top which was difficult and they are hard for the dogs to get out . There are better toys than this one .
 I ordered the medium , which is actually a medium/large and it is too big for my Scottie . I found after receiving this from Amazon that Petco suggests the small size for dogs the size of beagles , cockers , and shelties . I think Scotties would fit in that category . He does n't show much interest in the toy even with treats in it . I 'll get the small and see if that makes a difference .
 The rope is made of rubber , and after about 30 minutes my little 20 lb . terrier had chewed up the rope , thereby eliminating the `` tug '' part of the toy . I would n't be surprised if she ingested some of it . For $ 10 , this toy needs a more durable rope .
 Dogs loved it but , 3 out of 3 I purchased had the lids crack and break in a number of weeks . They need to use a different plastic .
 The idea is basically a good one , however , my large Papillon -LRB- all 20 lbs of her -RRB- could not figure this one out-no matter how hard she tried . Food is a HUGE motivate her but unless I helped her , eventually she would just carry this toy around and just give up . I will say that the Tug-A-Jug had ME trained !
 My dog is very smart , he got the idea of what he needed to do real quickly but it 's just to hard for the treats to come out of the jar , even when we help him ... the rope pretty much closes the jar hole and the treats wont come out . This toy made my puppy real nervous and unfortunately I 'm returning it , even though I was super excited about it ! : -LRB-
 I bought this to keep my Japanese Spitz occupied , no good . I do n't know if it 's too difficult for her or if she 's just not interested in working that hard for food . She 's good for a few minutes then gives up even though she 'll get food from it .
 Our two dogs are not really interested in this toy , it has pretty much sat in their toy box since we bought it for them . Not sure why , they seem to like most toys . It is very durable from what I can tell though .
 This toy lasted about ten minutes . First one i purchased had a rope tug , which my pup quickly chewed through , rendering the toy useless . I bought another one after i saw that they had changed the rope portion to a rubberized `` rope '' and it seemed like a better solution . Wrong ! The rubber rope took my dog -LRB- who is not much of a chewer -RRB- about two minutes to completely chew into small pieces , again leaving her with nothing but a purple plastic jug . Product is a great idea if they can figure out what will work better as the `` tug '' mechanism , but as is -LRB- both versions -RRB- are just poorly made and a waste of $ $ $ $ .
 Dog
 My puppy chewed through the rubber tug pull within a few mins.Not worth the money .
 My 3 month old Jack Russell Terrier totally love it ... but it last for an hour or so . Look on the customer pictures to see what i mean .
 If you have a smart or highly persistent dog that will chew bits off almost any toy except a Kong , skip this . I would have , but it was a gift.The first time I left this toy in the crate with my smart , 6 month old blue heeler mix puppy , I came home to find she had somehow managed to unscrew it and eaten all the treats . The second time she played with it all over the house , and the noise drove me crazy . Bang , boom , bang . She kept rolling it down the stairs , off a ledge , and knocking things over when it rolled behind them . But she was thoroughly entertained , so I let it be . The third time she played with it while I was cooking . A few minutes later , I looked down to see she had unscrewed it again , and was chewing on the various pieces happily . I did n't stop her since the brochure said it was virtually indestructible material . When I picked it up a bit later , her chewing had apparently ruined the threading so I could no longer screw the lid back on . Went right into the trash.Entertaining , but not durable at all .
 My dogs love to chase pop bottles so I thought they would love these so much I ordered one for each of them . They do n't even look at them . One figured out how to get the treats out but still is n't interested .
 I have 2 Corgis , and also foster for Corgi Rescue . So far none of the four dogs I have had since buying this toy -LRB- my 2 plus 2 rescues -RRB- have played with it for more than a few minutes . They are all otherwise high energy , playful , food driven dogs.They LOVE Tricky Treat , Buster Cube and MolecuBall so I thought this would be a nice change . Big expensive yawn . I gave it two stars only because it appears well made . I bought it almost a year ago , and kept it around in case one of the foster Corgis might like it , but so far nothing . It is currently in the donate to the animal shelter box .
 my dog loved it at first but an hour later the plastic bottle cracked !! maybe this toy should be kept `` indoors '' only : -LRB-
 The picture shown does not match the item I received . I specifically ordered this product because it showed the jug to have a plastic rope and not an actual rope -LRB- my dog loves to tear apart ropes , and I 'd had a tug-a-jug that had the plastic rope previously and that was a great product . I 'm not sure if they 're making it with the plastic rope anymore , but I assumed that since that was what was shown , that 's what I 'd receive . -RRB- I 'm not really happy with this bait and switch because I have to closely monitor my dog with this toy to make sure she does n't shred the rope and render it useless .
 I have two dogs
 The first time i filled it , it droped on my hard floor and the bottom shattered . My doggie did n't even get a chance to try it out !
 My dog has still not figured out what to do with this . He is a very smart dog with a vocab of about 50 words . I was surprised how hard the plastic is and am also worried . Once he does figure out how it works I am afraid he will knock himself out when he shakes it from side to side ! Let alone what will happen if it flies out of his mouth !
 I thought that this would be the perfect toy for my 100 lb lab who destroys Kongs in about 3 days . But , to my surprise , he was interested in it for all of about 5 min . He chewed the rope part for a little bit but has not touched it since .
 I was really disappointed in this toy . I bought it to keep my dog busy . She is a chewer , but she has never bothered to chew up rope toys before , so I thought this would be a good fit . Unfortunately , she DID chew up the rope -- maybe because there were treats on the other end of it inside the bottle . This would n't be a problem if the rope was replaceable . It is n't .
 I bought this for my very smart lab mix rescue when she was about 6 months old . At first she was n't interested , but once I showed her how it worked , she got down to business . She worked at that toy all day long the first day , thougth she was n't able to get all the food out . On the second day I gave her the toy , partially filled with kibble and went upstairs . In the 25 minutes she was unsupervised , she got the screw cap off , ate all the kibble , and destroyed the bottle .
 This product seems to be torturous for my dog . She sees the treats inside , but being such a small dog , even the `` small '' sized bottle is too big for her to thrash around and get the treats out . I love how busy it keeps her , but in the end , I have to take a treat or two out for her because she ca n't do it on her own . Probably better for bigger dogs .
 I do n't know . Maybe I 'm just not putting the right `` yummy goodness '' inside . This toy , though durable and a novel idea , does n't hold either of my dogs ' interest . Not even our beagle -LRB- who tells everyone she 's STARVING and we NEVER feed her ... EVER ! -RRB- seems to be interested in this for any length of time .
 The package says that this is supposed to be practically break-proof , which I thought was perfect for my year-old Beauceron who is a pretty aggressive chewer . Finally ! A toy that would make his brain work and keep him occupied.Three uses . First one he very quickly discovered how to get the treats right out . Second , he learned how to get the screw-off bottom to come off of the jug . Third time - he chewed the plastic to bits by the time I got it away from him - and he was in the same room with me!I 'm a dog trainer and only recommend high-endurance products for my clients . This did n't even come * close * to meeting my expectations ! Total disappointment . Will not buy another ` Premier ' Busy Buddy toy for my chewer!At almost 3 years old , we still rely on the blue K9 Kongs , Holey Moley , and Everlast Treat balls to stand up to his strong jaws and chew drive !
 Last night , I visited a friend who had bought this toy for my yellow Labrador . My dog is a very fast eater when I feed her from her bowl , so I was delighted to try this . I 've used Buster Cubes in the past , and still really like them , but my Labrador has figured out how to remove the center piece that controls the difficulty so food spills out easily . Buster Cubes are n't much of a challenge for her anymore.When I put my dog 's dinner into the Tug-A-Jug last night , for the first time , she looked at me as if I had played a cruel joke on her . She saw the food in the toy , looked at me , cocked her head , and went to her food bowl . I encouraged her to play with the toy , and she quickly figured out that she could get pieces of kibble by rolling the toy around , picking it up and dropping it , etc. . Right now , she is eating her breakfast , tail wagging , as she manipulates the Tug-A-Jug to get the kibble out . It 's only her second meal from the Tug-A-Jug , so we 'll see how long this treat-dispensing toy lasts . :-RRB- *** UPDATE *** Today is the 4th day of use for this toy . I have been feeding my dog 2x/day by placing her kibble inside . This morning , my 13-year-old Labrador figured out how to remove the end cap and eat the kibble without working it out of the narrow end . Tonight , she bit harder than usual and the end cap snapped , just above the threads . It 's not a treat-dispensing toy anymore . I 'm glad I did n't buy this car for myself , but I 'm sorry my friend 's gift was so short-lived .
 This is the second `` Tug-a-Jug '' food puzzle I 've purchased for my wire fox terrier . The first lasted about five months until she chewed through the rope . But this toy kept my dog more occupied than any other food puzzle I 've tried , so I decided to purchase a second one . My plan was to put this one away as soon as my dog was done with her food so she would n't `` play '' with it and chew through the rope . So in other words , I blame my dog 's destructive terrier prowess on the demise of the first toy rather than the manufacturer.But after just one week of use for the second toy , the bottom part where the end seals onto the main container literally cracked and shattered into many pieces when I was sealing the toy.My dog may chew through ropes but she 's not that rough with toys , and I was using normal strength to twist the end piece on , so I 'm pretty sure this one was a dud . But after that , I 'm totally done with this company . The shards that came off in my hand were tiny and sharp enough that if just one shard had broken off without my notice and go mixed in with my dog 's food , she probably would have ingested it and had internal bleeding .
 Another love it or hate it toy ... . It 's a bottle , it 's a spiky ball , it 's a rope , it 's a treat dispenser ! Apparently , the choices are too overwhelming for our Vizsla puppy because she passes this one up . In addition , the hard plastic bottle makes a racket on our hard kitchen floor , so maybe it 's a blessing after all : -RRB-
 My dog ca n't seem to figure this one out . No matter how much he tugs on it , the food does n't come out . We prefer the Kong Wobbler . This was a waste of our money .
 My dog really likes this toy , and it occupies him for quite a while . The big problem is that the plastic cracks at the top where the lid screws on if it dropped on the floor . My dog is Jack Russell , so he 's not dropping it from a very high height , yet it still breaks , so I ca n't imagine it with a larger dog . We have returned this toy twice , and already the third on is pretty much unusable .
 I bought this toy for my 9 month old lab and had to return this twice . My dog loved it , but he dropping it on our hardwood floors and the bottom twist off part broke with each one . Good concept but plastic too brittle . Company does stand behind it , just not good for my dog .
 My dog are so uninterested in this that it might as well be invisible . I even put liver treats in it and tried to show them how to play with it . Neither dog would bother with it at all . -LRB- One is Female 4 yr old greyhound/lab/shephard mix , other is female 4 month old lab/border collie mix - both are very playful & love treats -RRB- Very disappointed .
 I have a yorkie -LRB- 4 lbs -RRB- so I got the extra small one . Not a single doggie-bite-size treat could come out from where it supposed to , and that was me trying to get the treats out ... So , do n't bother with this toy , your dog is only gon na drool all over from smelling that toy .
 This is made out of hard plastic . I bought this for my Shepherd that loves to chew . She 's not interested in playing with it at all . It 's made to be a educational for dogs , I guess she just got bored with it . On the plus side your human kiddos will like it .
 It seemed like it would be a good idea , but my dog could not get the treats out . She is tiny and the extra small was way too big for her . I like the IQ ball way better .
 Huckleberry had an earlier version of this toy that he loved but it had a plastic insert to restrict the flow of food outward . Huck graciously gave that to a Mellow Mastiff named Buddy for his trip to his new home in Maine . When I ordered this new one , it came with a cloth rope as the insert . Huckleberry made quick work of that obstacle to the free flow of food . The idea is a good one and it was better implemented in its earlier version but this one is found wanting by both Huckleberry and me .
 I originally had the small size because my dogs are 25 lbs . each , but their mouths could not go around and pick up the plastic jug from the bottom -LRB- which they are supposed to do so they can shake the kibble out -RRB- . I returned the small one , and order the extra small , and even though the opening for kibble was smaller , the rope was not . Even when I broke up the kibble it can not get around the rope . I was going to return it , but was in the middle of a move , so now I 'm stuck with it , and it never gets used . I suppose if I can somehow untie the rope , unbraid it , remove a section , rebraid it , and retie it , it may work ... but as you can see that sounds like an awful lot of work , for something that should have been designed better from the start .
 The design of this dog toy is such that it is too difficult for my lab to get the treats out and she loses interest in even trying . Would not recommend this one .
 My 4 month old boxer is a strong / active chewer and bought this because of the popularity and good reviews . The rope frayed within 2 days of him using it for a total of 1 hour . My trainer said this was the older version and the rope on the newer version is made out of plastic . She said that the frayed rope was a choking hazard . Had to return it , even though he loved it .
 I thought that this was going to be great for out larger breed dog . Unfortunately it only holds really tiny pieces of treats . I can not see how a dog small enough to eat such small pieces could pick this heavy toy up .
 This did not work well for us at all . It was difficult if not impossible for the dogs to get the treats out . My husband said they finally just gave up on it . they have a Kong treat dispenser and some other generic one that they love . My Rottweiler ended up chewing the purple top off .
 My dog does n't like it . He seems scare of it . I am not sure if it is too big or what .
 While my English Setter likes the busy buddy tug-a-jug , it did n't last a day . He chewed the rope off and emptied the treats quite swiftly . I think it would be great for a dog that does n't chew thru things .
 Great idea , but my fido is so frustrated he lays there and crying and barking hoping the treats will fall out . Still working on training him , but not sure this is good for his psyche . He 'd much rather unscrew the bottom if he could .
 So I am the proud owner of an almost 80-lb . 1-year-old lab mix whose sole mission in life is to seek and destroy . I have been looking for toys that would hold his interest longer than the 5 minutes it takes him to rip them to pieces , and saw this at my local pet store , but in the small size . I was thrilled to see the larger size on Amazon , and ordered it . This is a toy for smart dogs , and , of course , I like to think my dog is smart . However , he may be too smart . Gave it to my dog tonight . It was interesting to watch him try to figure out how to get the treats out , and he seemed occupied . I walked away to leave him to his work . 10 minutes later , he had chewed through the rope coming out of the top of the bottle . He cheated . This had potential to be an awesome , time-consuming toy to same some of my sanity . Unfortunately , if you have a strong chewer , or a dog who can figure out the short cuts , save your money .
 I have a three-year old lab/chessie mix . She 's a fast eater and a strong chewer so I bought her the Tug-A-Jug to slow down her eating -LRB- and give her something to chew on -RRB- . It does slow her down . It can take her up to a half hour to eat a meal instead of two minutes.I 've given her food a couple of times without the bottle , but she prefers the bottle now.Updated section!As she become a strong chewer , it 's fairly easy for my dog to chew off the bottom part that 's screwed on . This leads to the possibility of her swallowing a sharp piece of plastic.It 's a great toy , but only for dogs that are n't extremely strong chewers . My dog loved this , but it 's too much of a safety hazard for her to have again .
 I was really rooting for this toy to work out , because my Frenchie Tobias loves playing with plastic bottles and he loves treats . The Tug a jug should be the perfect combo , right ? The one I purchased had the rope , not the rubber thing . In theory , when you tip the toy treats should fall out relatively easily , according to various instructions and videos I found through internet searches . But even with small kibble , it is extremely difficult to get any treats out of the toy . Poor Tobias was quite frustrated . I helped him out by holding onto the bottle so that he could tug on the rope . He pulled quite hard for a good five minutes , after which one piece of kibble fell out.He 's actually quite clever , and he 's extremely food motivated . I do n't know if something was wrong with this particular Tug a jug , that it was so difficult to get the treats out , but it 's definitely not working out.I only give two stars because he did not destroy it , although he was throwing it around and chomping on the bottle part . He did leave scratches all over it , but has n't yet managed to crack it . However , I think it 's only a matter of time .
 Our dog chewed through ate the vanilla infused rope . Ropes do not show on x-rays and ultra sound . The dog was vomiting up to 15 times a day . Day 3 - our dog could not walk any more . Luckily our vet convinced us to do exploratory surgery and found the rope knot in our dog 's intestines . It is a very hard knot that will tear the intestines . If not for this surgery , our dog would had died from the obstruction .
 Length :
 My dog chewed the rope in half first , then chewed off the spiky ball . Finally then he got to some treats . He does n't have patience for many toys and this one did not keep his interest . I was not impressed with it . One of the worst toys i have bought .
 I purchased this toy for my very busy-mouthed blue heeler who seems to love everything that is half-way chewable . It seemed to be the perfect combination of things he adores
 I did n't read the full product description this is catnip not the catnip treats they list in the title , shame on them
 I ordered Cholodin Canine 500 through Amazon who turned the order over to one of their affiliates , Entirely Pets.Product arrived within a week , but the bottle looked old and beat up and the pills smelled funny , so I called the Lab that manufactures the pills to see their date of mfg. They were two years old -LRB- already -RRB- . So I called Entirely Pets , explained and was told that they did have six month old product they would ship . They shipped but the mfg date was the same as the two year old bottle I had already received . So either the re-order person or shipping forgot what the issue was.So called Entirely Pets again , they shipped me a label to return both bottles to them . That was a week ago , have not heard that they received product or that they have credited my account as promised . So we wait . Have spent entirely to much time on this ~ If it 's not a product Amazon stocks themselves , I will not order anything again .
 We were very disappointed with these masks . They did n't last anywhere 's near as long as the ones we 've previously bought from this company . Quality control maybe ?
 looks the same but does not perform the same as when I buy it from the vet
 I ordered the picture below and I ended up with a plastic chicken dressed for Christmas ... this is so weird !! How do I return this chicken and get the `` Dog House '' dog charm ?
 Our white haired dog developed a yeast infection -- a very common cause of tearing andd staining . We used this product 2-3 times a day for more than 3 months . It was absolutely ineffective . If you have a problem , ask a groomer . There are effective remedies for this problem . This did not work for us .
 Ad states Repti Glo 10.0 but I received a 8.0 . Looking at the other reviews I notice it is not a new problem , the vendor just choose to ignore the wrong description . Returned
 My dog loves every treat imaginable , and these he would not touch . I ended up throwing them out . Not a good product , and I would not recommend them .
 I bought 8 of these cards in various designs for my friends dogs and my own at Xmas . Absolutely not 1 dog was interested in this item.They are cute ... but a waste of money since dogs do n't like them ... I tried 8 different cards with 8 different dogs . Save your money.Petco sells them for $ 2.99 if you wan na still waste your money .
 Sadly I have tried every medicine suggested including this one for our shitzu . I have been giving her 2 tablets a day , I am almost done with the box and she still eats her poop . I am resorting to taking her to potty every time and keeping her away from it . I have lost all hope . This product must work for some and not others .
 This product was not clearly described when I bought it , and when it came to me , I realized it was n't going to work for me.Was very dissapointed .
 The description does not give any information on the dosages that are required for the dogs , and when it arrived I could n't believe what it said . So to inform others , you are to give one pill for every ten pounds of your dogs weight . Well I have three full grown dogs who would have to take this , because of ones disgusting habit , and they average around 90 pounds each . So one box of 60 would only last me one day . What a joke !
 Could be working ... do n't know . But I do know that my two dogs are not losing weight ... snacking in the back yd !!! It is what beagles do .
 One of my dogs is obsessive about eating his poop and the other dogs poop . I tried this product in hope it would slow him down a bit and stop this . It did n't . I would recommed you just go out and clean the yard asap to remove the temptation . It is less frustrating and expensive to do that .
 This is the second product we have tried as a deterrent to help our 8 month old Havanese break his nasty habit of recycling his stool . We have tried the `` home remedies '' and thought we would try a couple of the vet recommended products . The Potty Mouth brand worked no better and even less than our other methods . Maybe your dog will do better with this product , but we would n't buy again .
 Worthless . My dog seemed to think it was a fine seasoning to her favorite item ; that is `` Poop de jour '' .
 I fed my hounds 6 pills/day for 2 weeks . They are still eating poop . Guess I 'm going to have to be more vigilant at picking it up as soon as they go .
 I did not realize this when purchasing , but I think these are intended for only smaller dogs . The box says to give 1 pill per day for every 10 lbs of dog . So for my 80 lb golden that = 8 pills a day . I thought that sounded ridiculous but I really wanted to get her to kick the habit . Sadly on the second day she got extremely sick . She had the worst diarrhea and it lasted days . I would not recommend this for a larger breed dog .
 Potty Mouth - It is easy to use , but had no affect on my dog . Did not discourage her unwanted behavior .
 dont waste your time or money this product doesnt work . tried it with two breeds of dogs . still eating poo
 Did n't work for my little brat . I honestly thought it was going to - the first few days she did n't rush to gobble her and her brother 's poop down as usual - she nibbled ... and i could get her away from it ... which sadly was a huge improvement . Then i honestly think she started to get used to the different taste ... and we 're back to square one .
 Could not tell a difference with or without using Potty Mouth product . Wish it had worked . Wasted money and time using this product .
 This is the second box of this that we have purchased plus the powder and neither work . Our Yorkies have been eating their poop since 6 wks old and we have tried everything to stop it and their almost 8 months old.Waste of money
 I bought this product a month ago hoping it would cure my dog of her `` problem '' ; unfortunately it did not work . The company asks that you feed your dog 1 pill for every 10 lbs for 2 weeks -LRB- if I remember correctly -RRB- and keep up treatment at a lower dosage afterwards . After having no success with the 120-ct package purchased , I did not continue treatment so I can not comment on a long term extended use , but I can say I saw no results after the first 120 pills were gone . On a plus note , she did like the way the pills tasted .
 These were a waste of money . They did n't work at all for our 7 month old German Shepherd . What did work was pineapple . The other reviewers were correct - it is much cheaper . Definitely try the pineapple before you purchase a product like this .
 I used this for several weeks on my two older Shih Tzu dogs , then tried it again with two young Shih Tzu puppies . It does not work at all . The feces eating did n't change or slow down . Controlling what they eat , by not giving them treats with strong odors or any human foods , and cleaning up the mess after they poop is the only way I 've found to get a handle on it . Buy it if you want , but do n't expect big results .
 I bought 8 of these cards in various designs for my friends dogs and my own at Xmas . Absolutely not 1 dog was interested in this item.They are cute ... but a waste of money since dogs do n't like them ... I tried 8 different cards with 8 different dogs . Save your money.Petco sells them for $ 2.99 if you wan na still waste your money .
 These blades I purchased made a mess of my dogs nails . I always give him a bath to soften his nails and then cut them , even then these blades were not effective at all . Usually when you cut your dogs nails the cut should be a clean cut , these left coopers nails a jagged mess , some of his nails the blade could n't even make it through .
 Please note that Friskies reformulated the ingredients for this cat treat . The Friskies chicken treat was my cat 's favorite treat by far , but she is allergic to corn . Now that they 've gone the cheap route and started adding corn gluten meal as a filler , I can no longer feed these to my pet.Ingredient list from
 The only good comment I can give on these treats is that my cat liked them when they were fresh , and they are really inexpensive ! I can usually find these treats for under two dollars at the grocery or pet store , and even on occasion at the dollar store . As this treat proves , often with a low price , comes a cheap product . It would be nice if these pounce treats had healthier ingredients , maybe some vitamins or a dental cleanser , but no , its just junk food and a long list of filler ingredients . They smell really gross to me but my cat seemed to enjoy them . My biggest reason for not liking this treat , aside from the terrible ingredients and smell , is the fact that it is soft and chewy and not crunchy texture . Soft treats reek havoc on pet teeth as the sticky particles just sit on their teeth and gums and just rot there . Crunchy treats at least crunch off and do n't stick to their teeth - hopefully crunching off some tarter with it . For a really good dental product , I recommend Crunch N ' Clean brand with DentaShield . Greenies brand does n't have as many beneficial dental ingredients , but they are pretty good as well as they contain vitamins and a little bit of breath freshening ingredients in them , so they are much better than these . Any crunchy treat would be better than these . Even other Pounce varieties are MUCH better than these , such as the Tarter & Plaque control varieties . The Pounce Tarter & Plaque control are a bit more pricey , but still relatively inexpensive and they contain vitamins and are crunchy . Another strange thing about these treats is that the recommended daily allotment is 6-8 treats per day , which is just crazy to me . I only give my cats no more than 1-2 a day of these while I had them . I eventually threw them out as they got hard as rocks and my cats did n't like them anymore anyhow.Pros
 It 's easy to hold and use , but it 's not effective . within 3 months of using it , it started splintering my cat 's nails . I use soft paws on my cat so I 'm not cutting his nails that frequently , but this trimmer splinters the nails so much that it makes it impossible to put the nail caps on .
 these clippers are a waste of money , i would stick to the ones that you can buy in your vets ofc , these are dull and the spring is constantly falling off , very disappointed in this product !!!!!!!!!
 I ordered Nutramax Denosyl for Dogs Over 25 Lbs. , 225mg - 30 Count on 11/23/11 it is now 12/26 and I am still waiting for the product . Ca n't review with out product .
 I 'm not really sure why but my 5 month old puppy gets sick whenever I give her these -LRB- diarrhea , vomiting -RRB- .
 The bag I got from my vet does not list HFCS in the ingredients . I was shocked to see it in the ingredients here and at other online stores . I guess Butler has changed their formula recently?You have to be an extremely bad pet owner to knowingly give your dog HCFS or any type of sugar on a regular basis.What kind of sick company produces this ?!
 these treats are great in the fact that our dog loved em and they are low calorie , however we could n't buy em again - they smell horrible . sometimes our friends were over and would also comment on the putridity . wish i had known that before we bought em so wanted to warn you before you buy . dogs may love em but our noses did not .
 Better off buying at the store . Being a Prime member did not get me free shipping .
 I was impressed with the positive reviews here , but my 13 - pound beast pulled this over on himself as soon as he got his claws in it . Hes a strong cat , but you 'd think they would wight the bottom of something so large and topheavy . I would not recommend this for large/strong cats .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister . The item arrived in great shape and on time . HOWEVER , it is a large item and only filled 1/2 of the ridiculously large box it was shipped in . The other half of the box was filled with smaller empty boxes , paper , and random packing materials . I had the task of disposing of the enormous shipping box , plus 4 other boxes and paper ... not too happy . I WILL NEVER BUY FROM PETCO AGAIN IF THEY CA N'T APPROPRIATELY PACKAGE ITEMS . I also wonder how much my considerable shipping fee paid for the shipment of empty boxes which then I got to pay to dispose of .
 I researched this bone for days before finally deciding to spend the money on it . I brought it home to my 85 pound Doberman and he was so excited about it . When I finally got it out of the packaging , my dog did n't care at all about the bone - he just wanted to play/eat the package . I spent time playing with him and the bone to create interest , but still nothing . It now sits in the bottom of his toy box .
 Had read reviews of this and it was supposed to taste bad so my cat would not lick it off . After the first initial shock of the taste wore of , she licked it all off and it 's done no good to put any on again ! Very disappointed ! Was hoping it would help her hair loss !
 Go for the original Derm Cap!My dog got skin irritation from these ! Do not buy them !
 Please do n't offer 2-day Free Shipping if it 's actually not available . This makes Amazon and the company offering the product look very dishonest to me.If you offer it and I choose free 2-day shipping , why is going to take THREE WEEKS and has n't even been shipped yet , 7 days after I ordered it?Shame on you .
 Product description states it is suitable for cats . It is not . Anything larger than a ferret will need to be leashed and have its head sticking out the top . A cat will not accept this . The seller / manufacturer has misrepresented the product and therefore gets major thumbs down from me .
 I started by applying this to 2 of my 3 cats who really were not scratching that much but wanted to keep it that way . Now cats do n't like goo on their necks by any means but of all the others tried this one was definitely the worst . Within 2 hours they were cowering in balls trying to get away , their back skin twitching oddly and then my female breathing fast . I quickly washed it off them and in fact experienced an asthma attack myself and had to bathe after handling them with it . These are otherwise very healthy and happy 11 and 11 pound plus 1 year olds . The next day the male was scratching at his neck where it had been applied so I washed him again . They are back to their happy selves , no thanks to momma who feels like a heel . I did not dare apply it to the 3rd . I could see random reaction if it had been one of the 2 . No third strike here . Use with caution .
 Please , if you love your cats , do not use this product ! I made the mistake of applying it on one of my cats . Unlike the more expensive products like Advantage or Frontline , this stuff is very runny . When I applied the product between Anna 's shoulder blades per the instructions , the product ran down her sides . Before we could sop it up , Anna had already started licking it . Within a half hour , she was twitching , shaking and drooling . We bathed her immediately and called the vet , and the product helpline . We used a syringe to clean out her mouth . Between poison control , the product helpline and the vet , we were able to stabilize her . She seemed fine the next day . Though we thought Anna had recovered , just a few weeks later , out of the blue , she began twitching and trembling and breathing through her mouth again . We rushed her to the vet . Anna has never been ill a day in her life -LRB- she is only four -RRB- . She is home now after being stabilized on Prednisone . She has been poked , prodded X-rayed ... and now she is drugged up and lethargic . In the mean time , we were advised to look for natural remedies to help control fleas with Anna as she will never be able to tolerate a spot treatment again . Just before administering the Purrscriptions on Anna , I remember having second thoughts ... How I wish I had trusted my instincts . Please do n't take chances and buy the one of the more expensive , vet recommended products.Follow-up . We are happy to say that Anna survived the ordeal . Between the vets and the treatment we spent $ 800.00 . She is now off the prednisone . What an ordeal . Sentry sent us a nice letter of apology and included some toys for Anna . That was nice . My position is the same . Stick with the perscription products . Yes , they are expenseive , and do n't always work , but they are regulated . PLEASE BE CAREFUL . I know how expensive spot treatments can be -LRB- I have eight cats -RRB- , but it 's worth it to shell out a few extra bucks -LRB- as opposed to $ 800.00 -RRB- . PEACE to all .
 Within the first 24 hours after putting the medicine on my cat , she threw up three times and had the most miserable look on her little face the following days . Of course , after her first accident , I immediately rinse it off her skin , but it did n't seem to help much . I thought I 'd save some money by buying this product instead of the more expensive brands , but I 'd highly recommend forking out the extra dollars . This medicine is super liquidity and does n't stay where it should , which is probably why my cat got sick . Save yourself the troubles and make you cat happy and AVOID this product . Bad , bad , bad medicine .
 I bought PurrScriptions plus the other day to use on my 5-year-old calico , Betsy . Within an hour of application , she began acting very lethargic -LRB- which is not like her at all -- she 's a very vivacious cat -RRB- so I looked up reviews of other Sentry flea/tick products and read a lot of very unsettling reviews from customers . I felt horrible about giving my cat this `` treatment '' that poisoned her.Luckily , I ran across advice to wash the treated area with dish soap ... and even though I ended up badly scratched , my cat is doing a lot better.Please do n't buy this product . It 's cheap , but it does n't do the job , and may even kill your pet .
 I was given a sample of this shampoo . It was called '' Super white '' coat brightener shampoo . I always wash my dog with the orange-mango shampoo and never had a problem . But this time , right after I brought my dog home , I realized something was n't right . She could n't open her eyes , and was constantly rubbing it with her paws . I immediately took her to the vet . She did a stain test , and told me that my dog had a `` Corneal Ulcer '' as a result of the shampoo . The shampoo had burned the fat membrane of her eye . She was given pain medication and antibiotics . After couple of days , her eye got much worse . It turned completely cloudy and blue , and she could barely open it . I was so worried . I took her to an eye specialist and he said her ulcer was getting worse . After almost 500 dollars on vet bill , I am confident to say that this shampoo is a disaster . I made sure , I washed her with plenty of water , but this shampoo was so strong that it burned her eye . It was almost like bleach . `` Super white '' ?!!! If you love your dog , avoid this . I am so upset at this company and want my money back .
 My dog pulled this out of the box and we started tugging . The lining of the head ripped within two minutes . I 'll be able to sew it back together , but I do not recommend this product unless you can get it on super clearance . The stretch part seems like a fun tug , but if the toy rips every time we tug , not really worth it .
 i dont know if i got if i got a bad batch or ifs just a poor product , but so far -LRB- 3 weeks into treatment -RRB- the ticks are still on my labs . maybewhen i give them there second does in a week , they : ll improve , but so far i cant recommend frontline plus .
 I bought this for my dog after a month and a half and two application she is still covered with fleas.I will not buy it again .
 This product used to work for me , I have moved to So . Cal . which may be the difference due to weather . My 2 large dogs -LRB- 50 - 80 lbs -RRB- got fleas back in Dec. . They were on Frontline Plus at the time but it was about time to need it again so I bought it where I buy most of my pet supplies , house supplies , etc. I applied to to my dogs at the time it was due plus treated my house for fleas . The fleas in the house were gone quickly but 2 months later , still on Frontline the dogs still had fleas . I would n't have given them such a low rating if their customer service was even decent . I found on their website it states that if you use the product correctly and it does n't work you can get a refund if you have the receipt.This is not the case . It must be purchased at a vets office . They repeatedly told me that the fleas must have been picked up somewhere although my dogs are walked on pavement -LRB- not many fleas -RRB- and spend the rest of the time in our townhouse . They also kept telling me that it always kills fleas that are on dogs . I took my dog to the vet and they do n't even sell it because it does n't work ! Anyway , you ca n't get a refund unless you buy it from a vet . So much for `` satisfaction guarantee ''
 I ordered this item over a month ago and STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED IT!HOW RIDICULOUS IS THAT ??? I should have just bought it at the pet store.I 'll never buy from them again .
 Although you technically get what is described , it does not come in a box with 6 vials , it comes in a bag with 4 vials that you have to measure out in a jar with a dropper that is provided . That is not what you get sent when you buy what is pictured . Not impressed !
 My vet tells me they have changed the formula and it is no longer effective . My poor dogs are living proof .
 No longer works against fleas . Vet and local pet store both said that everyone is complaining about this product no longer working on fleas . Had to return and buy another product as dog has severe flea allergy . Nightly flea combing did more for getting rid of fleas .
 I am pleading you to try other alternatives before trying this product . I 've used this product and other similar insecticide based products . Tankers HATED it and so did his body . And as soon as I realized that these treatments contained insecticides , I stopped using them . I could n't bear to continue to poison my dog.Tank and I finally won the war after trying different products over a span of 2 years !!! The products that FINALLY worked for me are `` Bug Check Naturally '' -LRB- The Natural Pet Vet makes a version for horses and a version for dogs/cats -RRB- and `` Best Yet Cedarcide '' fogger and spray !!! I used these all in conjunction with each other . I was so elated !!!!! -LRB- Like really freaking elated ... because 2 years of searching and buying different products and then checking through my dog 's coat to find an average of 20 of those jumping biters just laughing at the money I wasted and then bathing him daily and vacuuming everyday because nothing worked ... it was so frustrating !!! -RRB- You can find these products online and they are also offered on Amazon , but heed the reviews and buy smart ! -LRB- READ
 I have used frontline for years , but always bought it from the vet ... now I see why I should always buy it from the vet ... this 6 pack was not effective .
 I stopped using this , after using it for my baby 's first years , and switched to a combo oral Rx for flea and heartworm protection . One main reason is I did not like the waste from pouring the stuff on his shoulders -LRB- product remained in the vial , and he ran around rubbing it off , wherever he could , for as long as he could -- I even put sweaters on him to prevent him from rubbing it all off , but it was a huge waste , overall , on top of having to give him a 2d product for heartworm -RRB- . I tried 2 other topical flea products -- advantage and advantix.I love the oral meds and will never go back to the greasy topicals . He got flea infections while using the topicals . Not a single critter has been found since I switched to oral Rx . Critters -- take note .
 Fronline used to be a great product but has went downhill . Put it on my 10 lb yorkie and I swear the fleas feed off it . Switching to advantage or advantix . Was a loyal user but does n't work anymore .
 I have been using frontline for years , but lately does n't seem to be working for my dogs . After applying , there are still signs of fleas and constant itching .
 In the Summertime , I spend , a lot of money on flea killers . I keep trying , but just ca n't seem to get any results . Maybe I should just try to drive little tiny stakes through their hearts . I ca n't get anything else to work ! I hate to say it , but I 've tried about everything on my two small dogs . I 've hired Terminix to spray my front and back yards , I use Capstar 24 hour pills as a supplement , I 've tried not only Frontline , but two or three others of the same type . None of them work . I live in Alabama , and we do have some tough tropical weather down here , in the Summer , but I just ca n't seem to have any luck with Frontline .
 First , let me say that I have absolutely NO complaints with the company that I purchased the frontline from . The product arrived promptly . My dissatisfaction lies with the product itself . It DID NOT work-there was no killing of the fleas on my dogs . Buying this product was a giant waste of money-cause the stuff certainly ai n't cheap ! I had purchased the spray to begin with and was not impressed with it but my thought was maybe it just did n't do a good job because it was a spray . Well , it was an expensive lesson , the topical is n't any better . I 'll NEVER waste money on this again .
 I hate to say it , but I 've tried about everything on my two small dogs . I 've hired Terminix to spray my front and back yards , I use Capstar 24 hour pills as a supplement , I 've tried not only Frontline , but two or three others of the same type . None of them work . I live in Southeast Texas , and we do have some fierce tropical weather down here , in the Summer , but I just ca n't seem to have any luck with Frontline . In the Summertime , I spend , on average , around $ 300 per month on flea killers . I keep trying , but just ca n't seem to get any results . Maybe I should just try to drive little tiny stakes through their hearts . I ca n't get anything else to work !
 I guess none of these products work all that great . I still found a tick on my dog last month and I get my yard treated every quarter . I just tried to put the next treatment on him and the last 3 vials are half empty . I 've tried other products from the pet store but they have ingredients that my dog is allergic to and the product from my Vet is very expensive . I might buy this product again but from a local store so I can return it easily if I get half empty containers .
 I bought Frontline Plus to start on my female English Bulldog puppy . Thus far we have only used one application , she will be due for her second in about a week and a half . We will use up our 3 month supply , but probably switch to a different product as it is not working on our puppy at all . A week after we administered the first application I saw a flea , but she had just been outside , so I was n't too worried as it was just one . I thought maybe the Frontline needed a little time to start killing them off . I would occassionally see one flea and was not worried , until I found loads of flea dirt . After getting 3 fleas off of her myself I decided it was time for a flea bath . There were probably about 6 fleas washed down the tub and flea dirt . Even with the flea bath I found two more on her later that evening . Maybe I had a bad batch , I am not sure , but my experience thus far is that I wo n't be buying Frontline again . I called my vet and he told me he thinks Frontline work for ticks , but is ineffective on fleas . So now I have to treat every carpet , every piece of furniture , her toys and bedding to make sure we do n't get an infestation . The time , effort , and money I have to do that outweighs what I spent on the Frontline . We are going to start her on Sentinel heartworm pill that kills flea eggs and switch to a different topical solution once this supply is out .
 This seller took a VERY long time to ship the product . I will never buy anything from them again !!!!!
 I started using Frontline religiously on my dog in April . It 's now August and she is COVERED in fleas . The house has become infested . I called FrontLine to complain and they said the fleas could not possibly have been brought in by the dog and that the product is working as designed . I restated my case that MY DOG IS COVERED IN FLEAS . SHE HAS SCRATCHED THE FIR OFF HER BELLY . SHE IS BREAKING OUT IN BLACK SPOTS FROM THE BITES !! The customer service rep told me fleas can still bite the dog even if you are using FrontLine !!! `` But oh , do n't worry they will die when they bite her . `` Bottom line is , FrontLine told me on the phone that if there are fleas in the yard they will still get on the dog and bite her . So my thinking is this
 I 've always used Frontline Plus on my animals , -LRB- usually bought it from the vet -RRB- and it always worked , but this time it only worked for about 2 weeks , before my english bulldog was covered in fleas and he only goes out to do his buisness and for short walks of the evening . I am very unhappy with the product , i guess it 's time to find something different .
 I used Frontline for years and it used to work , however that is no longer the case . For the first time ever since using it I had flea problems last year and was having them again this year , despite having treated my backyard for fleas . I read numerous complaints that Frontline is no longer effective and switched to a different brand . The flea problem is now gone . My younger sister is a vet and said she saw the same thing with her dogs . She no longer recommends Frontline to her clients . The price on this is dropping because people are figuring out that it does n't work anymore .
 I have bought Frontline in the past -LRB- from Petco -RRB- and the results are almost instant . I purchased this online because it was a great buy , but my dog still has fleas . I guess you get what you pay for . Not Pleased !!!!!!!
 I purchased Frontline and applied it on our new English Bulldog puppy in June . At first I thought it was working because I did not see any fleas but the second week after applying it he was infested with fleas ! I gave him medicine to kill the adult fleas on him and washed him with medicated shampoo . We had to fumigate the entire house which was extremely annoying ! I tried it one more time and two days later I found a few fleas on him again this time we caught it in enough time that he was n't completely infested . I am disappointed in this product and find it completely ineffective and a waste of money . If it did anything it attracted more fleas . We are currently still looking for flea medicine but nothing seems to be working .
 I have always used frontline plus on my many dogs but this year , my pom got sick when I used it on her , she couldnt get enough to drink and was panting alot I mean alot she layed around and didnt want to go out with me to walk or even in the yard , and the front of her chest area was ringing wet from her panting not from the water not satisfied with this product anymore and I 've heard of more people complaining that frontline is not the same as it used to be , , I am not using it on my pom because I do n't want her sickagain . .
 I have had history of use of this product working , but now there seems to be a new strain of fleas that are immune to it . I went to the local feed store and they said the same , that the Frontline and other products similar are n't working anymore . I picked up some Adams Flea and Tick Mist . . it works great ! I also got some Ashley 's Green Product Pet Pride No Flea to add to the food and water . . and it seems to be working as well . The spray mist , however , worked instantly . I saw the fleas jumping off ! Do n't waste your money on Frontline right now , it 's useless . This new strain of fleas are immune to it . Just have to wait until they come out with a different solution .
 I do n't know if the vials in my purchase were / are an old batch , or if the efficacy of the active ingredient was just expired because of the manufacturers processing phase into the individual vials but the product only worked for a month . It has done nothing for the second month of treatment -- even after a third application of the liquid ! Be warned about product batches expiration dates before purchasing .
 Do n't waste your money ! It 's as if Frontline has changed their ingredients or dose effectiveness . It 's even highly possible your animal will build an immunity to this product , after their fist dose . Frontline use to be top of the line and it still is in PRICE ONLY ! If you want to rid your pet of fleas , spend your money elsewhere .
 Sorry to say , even though recommended by many it did not work at all on our puppy . My house is infested along with our poor dog . It has been 10 weeks and even pushed the dosage limits but see no positive results ...
 Only one time in 10 yeaars have I applied Frontline Plus on my cat when it did n't get rid of his fleas at all . I was mystified -- I could n't understand why it was n't working . Then I remembered that it was the first time I ever bought a pack online instead of from my vet . The prices are tempting but ...
 This review may be quite lengthy , but as an Amazon consumer , I recommend that you thoroughly read and understand this review , as I guarantee it to be worth your time and the health and safety of your pet . Frontline Plus for Dogs when packaged and sold properly -LRB- by most Veterinarians and most reputable companies -RRB- works as it is described to work . For those instances , I would give the product a 5 star rating . But being that this is a consumer review of Frontline Plus for Dogs for the marketplace of Amazon , I would like to bring a particular experience that I became a victim of , to the attention of the consumer.Merial produces the product named Frontline Plus for Dogs -LRB- of various weights -RRB- for US consumers and for the consumers in International markets . Products produced for US distribution are EPA approved . Products for International markets , are not EPA approved . EPA , in this instance , stands for Environmental Protection Agency . This agency sets and enforces rules and standards that protect the environment and control pollution . If a manufacturer produces and distributes EPA and non EPA approved products , it seems like a safer option to administer the EPA approved product.Here goes the story of how I fell victim to a fraudulent sale of Frontline Plus for Dogs through a Seller / Store utilizing Amazon : Upon receipt of a Merial Frontline Plus for Dogs product from a Seller / Store on Amazon , the packaging appeared identical to those sold by my previous Veterinary purchase as well as a previous purchase of this product from Amazon directly . While the outside appeared legit , the inside contents had me on alert instantaneously . Here are a few of the red flags that came to mind
 We have used Frontline on our 3 dogs for a long time & we have always trusted it , but has stopped working all together . Our dogs & home became infested with fleas . It was like we had not put any flea/tick meds on them . Our dogs have never dealt with fleas like this . It broke my heart because our dogs are like our children . I hated seeing them suffer . After some research & advice from quite a few friends who also had a rough time with Frontline , we switched to K9 Advantix II & within 24 hours did not see a flea . We also ended up having to bomb our home twice . Do n't use this product . It 's a waste of money & a headache to deal with .
 Product was advertised as Merial fronline plus . Showed up as Armor frontline . Why didnt I just go to Walmart ? false advertising !
 This seller -LRB- Liteaid -RRB- is simply taking dosages for much larger dogs and then sending just the dosage , no original packaging , along with a syringe , an empty bottle and photo copied directions to measure out the correct dosage for your size dog . This is obviously not as described , I also received enough for 3 dosages for my size dog -LRB- 35 lbs -RRB- , not 6 as the item describes , which is really beside the point because I am absolutely NOT comfortable with this . I am lodging a complaint with Amazon so they 'll stop using this seller and trying to get my money back , although , I doubt that 'll happen . I re-ordered the product sold by Amazon , NOT Liteaid -LRB- I did that by mistake in the first place ! -RRB-
 I received this product and there were a few things that were not cosistent with other Frontline Plus I had bought in the past . 1 . It is in KG -LRB- yes I know the description says this -RRB- . 2 . It has an expiration date on it . 3 . There is no EPA number . I contacted Merial the manufacturer with my suspicions and was told that that for their products that ar legal to be sold in the U.S. they will be in pounds with no expiration date on them and with an EPA number . I am sending my two boxes back to Merial and they are going to send me legit product . Acording to Merial the only way to ensure you are getiing real product is to buy from a Vet , they do not distribute to anyone else . Counterfeit products can harm your pet .
 Frontline Plus kills fleas in 1-3 days but does not repel them -LRB- the company vet told me this -RRB- So if you treat your dog then take it outside again , the fleas will jump back on and then those fleas will be killed in 1-3 days . I used this several times and wondered why the fleas never disappeared . I called the company to inquire about it and they told me Frontline has no repellant qualities . How do I know it ever killed the fleas if I always see fleas ? Might as well just flea-shampoo my dog once a week and save $ $ $ $ $ . The TV comercials are deceiving .
 shipping was quick.however , I do not know why but product was not very effective.lasted maybe three weeks .
 I have always used Frontline Plus on my dogs -LRB- for years -RRB- to control fleas and ticks and it has worked so well . The last order i received a month ago does not work at all . I do n't know if something is wrong with the batch or they 've changed the formula but it does n't compare to what I 've bought in the past . I am very disappointed because Frontline has been such a good product for so long .
 I 've never had a flea problem like the one I 've had this year . I 've used Frontline Plus many years but this year it simply did n't work . Holy water would 've done a better job at repelling fleas on my dog and cats , they were completely miserable and my 18 yo persian died . I do n't know if it was flea related but I have to wonder after the research I 've done . I 've called many of the veterinarians in my area and NONE of them are recommending Frontline Plus now as they have said they have had too many complaints regarding the fact it appears it simply is n't doing its job any longer . I secured newer agents for my dog and the cat I have left , both of which worked . My suggestion , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 The main reason I bought Frontline is because it repels and kills ticks . I have a 75 lb Golden Retriever . I found two ticks on her two weeks ago after camping for the weekend -LRB- not attached-I simply brushed off and made mental note to keep checking -RRB- . I applied Frontline plus per pkg directions . We went camping again the following weekend , and I found THREE ticks on her when we got home , two of which were already attached ! After reading several other reviews stating the same problem with ticks and FL + , I 'm going to buy K9 Advantix now . I 'm angry I wasted sixty bucks on Frontline Plus . I will not tolerate ticks on my precious girl .
 I researched frontline plus as much as possible after using Hartz and loosing the battle against fleas . I dosed my dogs immediately with Amazon Frontline Plus on arrival . I dosed them again a week later -LRB- against recommendations -RRB- because the fleas were still going strong . Took the dogs to the vet a week later and learned that amazon frontline plus may not be the real product and may have been packaged incorrectly . GREAT - just lost $ 120 thinking I was being smart ordering on line ... Do n't do it !!!!!!
 Frontline plus doesnt work anymore , I 'm in the middle of the 2nd dose and my animals are covered in fleas it worked many years ago perfectly and a couple years ago it didnt work , I was desperate so I tried it again and it still doesnt work , they either changed the formula or fleas adapted to it . Will never buy again . Not worth the money . If it doesnt work why sell it ? I want my money back .
 I am very shocked and disappointed that this product appears to be from Australia rather than a USA product . That was not stated in the product description . Beware !
 I ordered this product from Fatman 's Doghouse on Amazon in March of 2011 for my four dogs . Naturally I was pleased to see the price as it 's gets expensive with four dogs , however , when they say `` it 's too good to be true '' it usually is . . by the time they were ready for their next application , one month later I found fleas on them . Ironically before I found the fleas I could n't find the paperwork for my purchase on Amazon or I would have purchased more Frontiline Plus from Fatman 's Doghouse . . thank goodness I had misplaced it . . later I went on-line and saw that buying outside the U.S. is not the way to go which I had no idea I was doing when I purchased this ... I learned my lesson . . my dogs health and well being is one of the most important things to me . I 'll never use Amazon again for such a purchase .
 I purchased it at my vet 's office . My large 90 pound Golden had flees a little over 2 weeks later and the fleas on my Scotty never went away . Since I live in the south the fleas and tick problem are insane . Both my dogs are inside dogs unless they go out for an hour to play and potty . My Scotty had a tick on her and my Golden began getting hot spots all over from the fleas . Fed up I went back to the vet office and this time purchased Revolution which apparently covers fleas , ticks AND prevents heartworm all for the same price . Frontline does n't cover against heartworm . My vet mentioned that Frontline is losing its effectiveness . Def . will not buy again .
 The description does not mention this is only a 3-pack for the price of a 6-pack . I WILL NOT PURCHASE FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN . DELIBERATLEY MISLEADING !
 Length :
 I have had dogs my whole life plus I have fostered with a local rescue organization . If I have learned one thing it is that Frontline Plus is a completely ineffective method of fighting fleas . I have tried to use it multiple times on multiple dogs . Save your money and buy a preventative that works . I 've had good success with Revolution - start there and you 'll be a lot happier with your results .
 I was so disappointed in this product . So many people recommended this product to me so I got it for my dog . It did not get rid of the fleas at all . I ca n't say whether it works on ticks or not because we are fortunate not to have many here . My dog only goes outside to use the bathroom and she 's got fleas . Will not be purchasing this again in the future .
 ... I do n't know if we got good stuff . We have n't had a problem buying Frontline here in the past , but for some reason , this shipment did n't seem to keep the fleas away . Very disappointing , because even though it was cheaper here , it 's still a significant purchase !
 Four weeks ago , my 10-month-old lab puppy came down with tapeworms , which the vet told us could be attributed to the puppy eating infected fleas . We were shocked ; ever since the pup has been old enough , we have been diligent about giving her a monthly dose of Frontline -LRB- which we keep track of along with her heartworm pills so we know we do n't miss a dose -RRB- . We had n't ever seen a single flea on her , and she had n't been showing any signs of infestation!We chalked it up to a fluke , but gave our girl a flea bath and a new dose of Frontline just to be safe . As the chemicals kicked in , only then did we start noticing a few dying fleas scurrying around her belly , but within 48 hours she was completely flea-free . So we scoured the house to clean up any traces of the little buggers , and we were very satisfied.HOWEVER . Now here we are , 27 days after her last dose , and suddenly the puppy has started scratching and biting herself fervently . I thought I was just being paranoid when a small , springy critter jumped on my arm as I was working at my computer , but then the pup 's scratching grew so intense that she could n't lie still long enough to take a nap -LRB- which is what she does for the majority of every day -RRB- . So I flipped her on her back , praying not to find fleas , only to see that her belly was teeming with little black specks -- poor girl ! Into the tub she went for another round of flea bath , which hopefully will start the killing process , but now I 'm at a loss over what to do next , now that I know I ca n't rely on Frontline as it 's failed me twice.Fool me once , Frontline
 This stuff used to work , now it does n't . I have spent a ton of money on it , bombed my house and yard , all to no avail . It does not work !
 I applied this to my 18 lb . Miniature Schnauzer and within 2 weeks I saw live fleas and ticks on him . Switched to K9 Advantix II and so far he 's been clean after a month .
 I used Fronline for the last 4 years with no problem but this year it just is n't working at all . I even researched to see if it was possibly a counterfeit . It just is n't working this year .
 When we first started using it seemed to work well . Now it seems like the fleas are getting drunk off the frontline and flourishing .
 I was very dissappointed when I recieved my order because unlike what I thought I had ordered a six month supply of front line for my dog , I got an opened and resealed version . Apparently there was a note saying that the product was not in the original package , but I missed that when ordering . I ca n't use this product because I do I know for sure what is actually in a resealed container .
 I bought this for my two dogs because we were having a problem with ticks . I kept finding them on their fur , and while they were n't attached the whole thing made me really nervous . My dog Yogi had been given this product before we brought him home from the shelter , and since he never had fleas it seemed like it was working well . When I received it I put it on both of my dogs -- Toby & Yogi . Yogi did fine ; Toby was an entirely different story . After 30-40 minutes , he was shaking , vomiting , lethargic , had accidents in the house . I was terrified ! I called Merial to speak with one of their `` vet techs '' about what was happening , and they said there was no way to get the product off and there was no one there who could explain to me what to do or who to contact -LRB- emergency vet ? poison control ? -RRB- or what was happening . They actually told me to call back TOMORROW . I called my vet who gave me the number of an emergency vet . The emergency vet told me to scrub off the frontline with dawn dish soap and to watch him for improvement . Sure enough , an hour after getting it all scrubbed off , he was still very weak and tired but no longer vomiting or shaking . I called my vet today to let them know that he was okay . I 'm not bothering with Merial . I can not understand why they would sell a product and advertise vet techs on staff and then have absolutely no recourse or help when a negative side effect occurs . Amazon was much better to deal with for this issue . They allowed me to send the product back for a refund even though it had been opened . I 'm glad that they stand by the items they sell . I 'm going to stick with eucalyptus oil and tea tree oil for my dog . It works well with a flea comb , but it is more work .
 After using Frontline Plus that I bought from my Vet . my Tuffy -LRB- Pom -RRB- is now a Diabetic , he has to have 2 shots aday for the rest of his life . The Vet . Bills are extreme and I did not know about using Dawn Blue to wash it off of him until I got on the Forum Site here . I also did not do any research until the damage was done . I trusted this high dollar product and only wanted to give him the best , first time I used it and this will be the last . So many animals have died or sick from this , not counting all the heartbreak we have been through .
 I bought this product . the date on the box was 2004 . I used it on my dog and it totally did not work .
 Although this product says `` Ships from and sold by Amazon.com '' when I ordered it , my order was sent to two `` merchants '' instead . Not only did I not get my items in two days like my Prime membership gives me , but one had not shipped at all three days later and the other one charged me shipping , which is still slow . AT NO TIME did I do anything different than I have a billion times when placing this order so I do n't understand how this happened . I understand how to buy from other merchants and I did NOT do that in this case . The only help I got from Amazon customer service was `` that is how the order was placed , sorry . '' I am VERY disappointed with Amazon for the first time in my 13 or so years ordering from them . Good thing I turned off One-Click ordering .
 Did you change the recipe Frontline ? Is this a conspiracy on your front , or are the fleas conspiring against me ? Anyway , my animals all continued to itch like crazy and I continued to find fleas on them after multiple applications -LRB- several months -RRB- . So this is a product that does n't do the one job it 's sold to do .
 My 8 month old Brittany frequently spends time at my parent 's house . They live in a wooded area and when she 's out there she runs around and gets a LOT of ticks . We purchased Frontline Plus hoping it would work . Well , it did NOT at all . We put it on her and after about a week , still no difference in the amount of ticks attached to her . Everyday , we were picking ticks off of her that were attached and feeding . What a waste of money . We are going to switch to a flea/tick collar . I 'm hoping it works for her .
 apparently this products works great - IF and I repeat IF - your dog does n't have fleas . Some how my dog got some , so after doing everything in my powers , washing , vacuuming and the like , this item is allowing them to stay on his body . Just another product big on promise short on delivery . I will not waste another dime with this company .
 I purchased this product for my animals , as well , and it was no better than having put baby oil on them . I noted that the price is VERY CHEAP and so I eagerly bought it . After the first three months applications , and my animals were still scratching viciously , as well as I began to have a flea infestation in my carpets , I smelled the contents of one of the vials . It smelled very vaguely of a perfumed scent . The Frontline from my vet smells strongly like that of a pesticide . Thus , having said that , I feel like this is a BOGUS PRODUCT . I would not recommend purchasing this product . IT DOES NOT WORK !
 My dog still had fleas after the first dose , no ticks , but fleas are her main problem . The smell is better than the other products I 've tried .
 I bought what I thought was American , but when it came it was clearly Australian , labelled for Australia . Now I am worried about Australian standards - do they measure up to USA standards . It was not advertised as Australian !!!
 shipped fast was very happy with that but it just didnt seem to work well on the fleas this year I think all the fleas are building up an immunity to all this stuff !
 This product works well at keeping away the ticks , but it makes me nervous every time I apply it -LRB- usually just once or twice a year , when entering tick-infested areas -RRB- , because my dog gets lethargic for a few days after application . I have read on the web of other people 's dogs having this response , and counter-arguments that there is absolutely no reason this should happen . However , I 've seen this response in my dog , and I worry that it may be an allergic response that could get worse over time , so I 've stopped using this product . I 'm going to try the spray-on Frontline next , as that stays on the surface of the hairs , rather than being absorbed through the skin and entering the dog 's bloodstream as a systemic pesticide -LRB- the way Frontline plus is -RRB- .
 I purchased this product on Amazon because I was told by everyone how great Frontline worked . Ha Ha ! I put it on my dog to rid her of the few fleas she had . Well let me tell you , it did nothing . Someone from my local pet rescue told me it works for about 4 days . I even bought the plus which is supposed to work well beyond 30 days . Maybe it 's a new formula , or maybe the fleas have found an immunity , but I can tell you the product did nothing for my dog and her itching . I recommend you purchase a different product .
 this worked for about 15 days i am not sure i will buy any more i think it would be better to just get rid of my dog insted
 Within 10 minutes of applying to my dog -LRB- 12 pounds -RRB- , she started running around in circles to point of exhaustion , including scratching of the back and heavy breathing . After lifting her and putting my palm on her chest , I can tell her breathing was elevated and her body temperature was high . I immediately washed her and used regular dog shampoo and used lots of water to remove the products . Thereafter , she was fine . Never , never again to use this product .
 I had three pregnant Chihuahua females , I did NOT treat one of the females because shes is blue and more sensitive then the other two . The package states it is safe to use on pregnant females however , one week after use the two females that had been lactating , had milk and ` bagging out ' dried totally up with all signs of being pregnant vanishing immediately after use of this product . I notified them , they asked me what happened , I told them , they refused to accept responsibility as the woman told me ` their ' tests did not indicte this problem . If you love your dogs , your puppies , your smaller animals , do not trust this product or these people . The doctors also thought it was safe to use the anti nausea medicine in women 40 years ago that caused birth defects by the thousands ! This company LIES ! It is VERY dangerous to the life of your pet .
 I have a 2 year old whippet , about 25 pounds and I 've tried using Frontline instead of a competitors product that would require a prescription . Anyway , I normally bathe the dog before application -LRB- to get most of the fleas off -RRB- and at best Frontline will work on fleas for 2 weeks . Though Frontline boasts being waterproof , it seems the dosage weakens if I bathe the dog again at some point after application of the medicine -LRB- days later -RRB- . Suffice it to say , spending money on doses that are advertised supposed to last a month at a time and hardly cover a couple of weeks does not seem worth it .
 Someone please try to tell me that you never get one or two ticks a year regardless of using this product as instructed . I 've been using it for years on my dogs . Then one of them got a tick disease despite using Frontline religously . I want only the best for my dogs , that 's why I went with the most expensive , thinking it was the best . I was always taking off fully gorged ticks from my dogs . I decided to try other brands . I 've ended up using a brand called Freedom , sold at Tractor Supply . Since using it , NOT A SINGLE TICK has gotten through . It 's been over a year now and not a one . Plus it 's less expensive . Give it a try and you 'll be pleasantly surprised.I 've told this to my Vet and they 've since starting using it as well , even though they still sell Frontline .
 I bought this because my dog had some fleas . Not an infestation but I found a couple on him and he was scratching a lot . The instructions on Frontline say that you need to repeat every 30 days , yet here we are - 3 weeks after application and he 's scratching again . Not great !
 Frontline Plus was something I used to swear by , but it just does n't work any longer . My poor animals -LRB- 5 -RRB- all had fleas , and I used this and literally NOTHING happened . The fleas must be immune to it now . I would n't advise anyone to waste their money on this .
 Ok So I have used this product for the past two months and it is not working . I do n't know why , it appears to be in the exact same box as the one you would get from your local vet . I know it says it takes at most 18 hours to take affect . Well It has been 10 days since my last application and I just had 3 F ****** fleas jump off my little chihuahua and onto me . I am not happy about this at all . I only paid about $ 20 less than what I would have paid at the vets office . WHAT 'S THE DEAL ???? Is this S *** fake ????????????????? I do n't usually do reviews if the product is good . but when it is bad I do because I do n't want anyone else wasting their money !!! JUST GO TO YOUR VET TO GET THIS . For some unknown reason this just is n't working and I am frustrated .
 Be careful about what you think you are purchasing . Paid for the 6 pack shown and was sent a 3 pack - BEWARE ! The packaging looks exactly alike so you are not aware right away if you are not inspecting carefully .
 I have used both avantix and advantage . I can not understand the rationale to make this products extremely expensive , 4 applications for over $ 35 dls ? . Do they make generic brands ? I 'd like to know .
 I put the frontline on my 6 years old 10 pd maltese , and 2 weeks later I saw fleas !!! and I thought maybe because I gave him a bath the day after i put the flea control on . So I put another one on him and I made sure I did n't give him a bath until the 3rd day . and 2 weeks later , i saw TWO fleas !!! this stuff suppose to work up to 6 weeks !!!
 My dogs have been having seizures on an almost regular monthly basis since they were 4 months old -LRB- they are littermates -RRB- . I only started recently searching about the relationship between Frontline and seizures , and there are SO MANY people whose pets have had seizures from Frontline -- just do a tiny bit of research . Your vet will deny it but there are too many people who have reported it . Sure enough , I realized my dogs were having seizures 1-2 days after each application of Frontline , like clockwork . -LRB- and all other causes have been eliminated -- they have a healthy diet , etc etc -RRB- This product may work well on some dogs , but for mine , the evidence is clear and the Frontline has been causing seizures in my dogs . Many people have reported that their dog stopped having immediately after stopping using Frontline.I 'm switching to a gentler , natural brand .
 When I initially started using Frontline Plus on my dog a few years ago it seemed to work for more than a couple of weeks . Either the groomer or I would bathe her and wait at least one day prior to applying the product to make sure her coat was totally dry . For two or three years she was virtually flea-free for at least three weeks out of four . Unfortunately , over time I might as well have put water on her back , as the product stopped killing the fleas after the first few days . We even flea bombed the house and followed up with spraying the carpet and furniture on the chance that we had a flea infestation . Even after the bombing , Frontline Plus continued to give results that I found unacceptable , so I switched to another product . My vet indicated that several clients had the same complaint about Frontline , so it may be that it works well with some animals and not with others , or it stops working for some over time . If it works for you , buying it through Amazon is a bargain , as it is half the cost of buying it through your vet , even adding in shipping costs .
 I ordered this alongside another dose of Frontline Plus for my 8-year old and 3-month old beagle , respectively . It was not until after I had applied the treatment that I noticed how different the boxes were . Upon further inspection , I realized that the larger-dog dose was in fact Frontline Top Spot , and not Frontline Plus . Now , normally , I would n't quibble about that . But as the boxes state , Top Spot does not kill flea eggs . Two weeks have passed , and now both my dogs have fleas again . Hooray!I have n't actually complained to the seller , so no word on how they would have redressed the issue .
 We used Frontline on our six year old cocker spaniel for years because our vets always sold it . Our cocker started having seizures sometime between year one and year two . Our vets told us that cockers were prone to seizures and we just assumed we had to deal with it . And we have ever since . Our cocker had seizures on average about once every three months for the 4-5 years since she started.About a year ago , we moved to a new state and started getting our cocker groomed at a local pet store/groomer . My wife went into buy some more Frontline for the usual refill when the proprietor told her that she did n't carry Frontline because it causes problems in dogs . She went on further to say that because of this , she did n't carry it at all . Also , that many Vets only carry it because they get a double kickback for selling it compared to other brands . She also said that Frontline had to change their formula because of it . Now I have n't found any site that officially backs this information but a well-known vet makes the following claim when asked whether or not Frontline causes seizures in dogs by a web site user : `` You should inform your veterinarian that I have received sufficient letters to confirm a definite connection between dogs having seizures and the use of Frontline flea repellent . '' - Dr. Michael W. Fox -LSB- ... -RSB- Regardless , the pet store owner recommended Advantix and have been using it for the past year . Amazingly enough , our cocker -LRB- Piper -RRB- has had only ONE seizure in that time . It is so nice to not have to hold my dog every few months while she stumbles , slobbers , and trembles in my arms because she does n't know what 's going on . Please do the research yourself but if you have health problems with your dog -LRB- death , seizures , renal failure , etc. -RRB- , please think about attempting another medication for awhile . Whether this link is true or not , I wo n't ever buy another product from Frontline .
 The product is good . What I did not like was that it took over 4 weeks to receive the item . I was not aware that the item was coming from overseas . I am very careful now when I order this item as to how long it will take to receive it in the mail .
 This is not rated for the product , but this particular vendor . They are almost charging double over the avg . cost of $ 33 for 3 doses by several other sellers . Product is great , just not this seller !! I 'm just `` paying it forward '' for what other buyers have done re
 I have used this for years and it has never worked . Also it has not worked for my vet . He has two dogs and it will last a little over two weeks . It last from one to two weeks for me allso . She is a inside dog . When I started to use this and it did not last I called Frontline and I was told to use a larger size .
 My dog is 11 pounds and I 've treated him for several months and have to keep bathing because the fleas will not stop . I 've also treated my yard and my house and I can not get rid of the fleas on my dog .
 I bought this frontline thinking i was getting a good deal plus it was a amazon verified purchase . Got my product and did the application to both my dogs . I did get the green vials , however , the fleas are still here . Went to Merials website and found that they only sell to vets . Never buying this stuff from here again . A few bucks more from a vet insures safety .
 I ordered the product over a month ago and I have not received it yet . I know that it was going to take about 21 business days , it 's been way over . Am I going to get it or did the company just took my money ? Please advice . The only reason I gave it one star is because I had to rate it . I bought the product before over the internet from other web sites and I did not have any trouble receiving it . The product itself works very well and I would give it 5 starts .
 Iv used frontline for my large dogs and it works great , But there 0-25 pound version for pup 's is Horable !! He had the dose on him for a few days , We went outside for a walk and he was invested with them after that . . I could n't believe it !
 I have been using the regular 1 month single application version of Frontline Plus for years with never a problem with fleas on my dog . I tried this 6 month syringe version from No More Fleas Please . I was excited to pay such a low cost for top quality flea control ! Sadly , On the 4th month of use , my pet got fleas !! I get an allergic reaction to fleas so the eradication of them is very important . I do not think it was due to operator application error as I followed the instructions meticulously and applied the Frontline Plus every 28-30 days . I was very disappointed . The fleas got into our thick carpet and onto a blanket from our bed that had fallen on the floor near my pet 's bed . It was awful . I ended up having to bomb the house . :-LRB- Definitely not worth the savings !! I will never by this value pack again !! I sent an email to the No More Fleas Please company asking for a refund of my money and reimbursement for the flea bombing . I did n't even get a response . : -LRB- Stay away from this bulk application of the product & this company !
 this stuff did not work!do not buy this , its weak and not water proof.my house was covered and my dogs were loaded !! it only worked for 10 days .
 The item that I purchased from the seller is not what I received . I called the number on the packing slip and spoke with the owner of the company listed . We were both confused and I was more than a little bit angry but he offered to refund my money once I returned the items . It took the two of us a little time to figure out what had happened , but unfortunately , it was n't until AFTER he issued the credit to `` my '' credit card that we realized he had sold this is item to this seller -LRB- Sav A Lot -RRB- on Ebay and he turned around and sold it to me on Amazon for quite a bit more -LRB- bravo , by the way - it is the American way , is it not ? -RRB- My issue is not that he marked up the price , my issue is that not only was I out the item that I ordered but I was also out the money that I paid for it . He did not do his homework closely enough when he purchased from < ... > . If he had , he would have noticed that what he purchased was a 6 month kit and not a package with 6 individual applicators , as he had described and pictured in his ad . Basically , what this seller did was fill an order from me via Amazon without having the product in hand . He waited until the order had come in and then purchased it from < ... > with his own credit card and had them ship the product directly to me . To add insult to injury , he had the audacity to charge me for shipping and handling when he did n't even ship the product himself ! I also noticed today that this seller changes his seller name regularly so be on the lookout . The one positive thing that I will say is that my refund is being processed today .
 We 've been using this product on our 19-lb cockapoo since he was a puppy . We live in the heart of tick country , and he 's active in the woods . He 's had several ticks on him , despite the product , but for the most part we had felt it was successful ... until his last application.He ended up with a chemical burn spot about the size of a half-dollar . It was between his shoulders , exactly in the spot we had applied the Frontline . I have subsequently read other online reports of this happening but hoped it would n't with our dog . We have notified the FDA and Merial but do n't expect a reply from either . I 'm just hoping the damage was only a relatively superficialskin wound and not any worse.As spooked as I am about fleas and ticks , for me , this was a clear indication of how toxic this product is .
 Frontline Plus is a wonderful product but should ONLY be bought from your vet . The first 24 months I had my Shih Tzu , I bought Frontline from his vet . Thinking I could save time and a few dollars , I made the mistake of ordering two boxes from Amazon and was appalled when my dog got fleas after using the product for 3 months . When a flea dip , fogging my entire apartment -LRB- including the requisite washing , vacuuming and cleaning -RRB- , failed to keep him flea free after using the fourth dose , I took him to his vet . I was then informed of the `` fake '' Frontline on the market . He needed an antibiotic and anti-inflammatory and another flea dip . Do n't put your baby through what I did .
 I am VERY disappointed with this product and the company -LRB- Merial -RRB- that makes it . I have a small 4.5 # dog -LRB- indoor except for pottying , 4 mos . old , only pet , -RRB- that has a mild case of fleas - no tics or other pests . After applying the product 2.5 wks . ago and after one week following the application , I only saw a small reduction in scratching . Still found a few live fleas ; it clearly did not work for MY dog . When I called the company re
 I was very unhappy with my results with this product . I have used it several times in the past with both of my dogs . This time was very disappointing and both dogs continued to have problems with fleas . I used one applicator each per dog repeating the following month . Continued with problems even after second application . I will not be purchasing this product again . Next time I will be taking them both to the vet and see what options I have available to me .
 Fast shipping ! But I feel like the Treatment is just not as effective as it should be . Fleas come back after a week .
 I got this from a store and put it on my dog . It was not doing anything for her for fleas . I called the vet and they said a lot of people are having problems with Frontline not working and suggested I switched her over to Advantage .
 I have used Frontline Plus for many years bought through my vet , but the price had gone up so I looked on Amazon were I usually have a great experience . i found what seemed to be the authentic Frontline Plus and bought it . Used it on three dogs , all got fleas ! If I could have returned it I would have , but by the time the fleas showed up the packaging was gone . I wo n't do that again !
 So i purchased this product was delivered fairly quickly very excited to get rid of the fleas ... 2 weeks later i think the amount of fleas on my dog tripled . I had to go to the pet store and waste more money on this product.Also when i received the frontline it was all in kilograms , and the directions on the back were I think Russian ... ? -LRB- either way it was not in English -RRB- I didnt notice this until after i opened the packaging unfortunately .
 This liquid is so strong that it burned my dog 's skin , and changed the color of their hair . As other users of this product have mentioned these tick control products are very dangerous
 I ordered this product because my dog was showing allergies to the generic brand flea treatment . I applied this the way the directions said to and two days later I found fleas on my dog . He did n't have an allergic reation to this medication but it did n't work to protect him from fleas . I purchased a different name brand and it has worked much better !!
 We put the flea medicine on as it says but the fleas only left for a few days.It has only been around 2 weeks and my dog is still covered with fleas.I would definitely not recommend this to anyone . I do n't know if it has to do with my dog being an American Eskimo Spitz ?
 My dog is 8 years old and never had a flea with Frontline plus . I buy enough to last for months . Then suddenly my dog gets fleas . Frontline plus is not cheap . Of course , enough time had passed I did n't remember exactly where I bought it . I use gift cards to buy my pet products . He do n't work and lives on freebies . I wore out a vacuum . And tried many products . Finally I found a replacement . This took a tole on me and my pet . I will never forget that someone harmed my pet and took my money . Not to mention the hours of extra work on my part to keep my pet clean and comfy . Please be careful to examine your products when they arrive . You will so regret buying a fake or expired product . You should enjoy the spring and summer months with your pet .
 This review may be quite lengthy , but as an Amazon consumer , I recommend that you thoroughly read and understand this review , as I guarantee it to be worth your time and the health and safety of your pet . Frontline Plus for Dogs when packaged and sold properly -LRB- by most Veterinarians and most reputable companies -RRB- works as it is described to work . For those instances , I would give the product a 5 star rating . But being that this is a consumer review of Frontline Plus for Dogs for the marketplace of Amazon , I would like to bring a particular experience that I became a victim of , to the attention of the consumer.Merial produces the product named Frontline Plus for Dogs -LRB- of various weights -RRB- for US consumers and for the consumers in International markets . Products produced for US distribution are EPA approved . Products for International markets , are not EPA approved . EPA , in this instance , stands for Environmental Protection Agency . This agency sets and enforces rules and standards that protect the environment and control pollution . If a manufacturer produces and distributes EPA and non EPA approved products , it seems like a safer option to administer the EPA approved product.Here goes the story of how I fell victim to a fraudulent sale of Frontline Plus for Dogs through a Seller / Store utilizing Amazon : Upon receipt of a Merial Frontline Plus for Dogs product from a Seller / Store on Amazon , the packaging appeared identical to those sold by my previous Veterinary purchase as well as a previous purchase of this product from Amazon directly . While the outside appeared legit , the inside contents had me on alert instantaneously . Here are a few of the red flags that came to mind
 This review may be quite lengthy , but as an Amazon consumer , I recommend that you thoroughly read and understand this review , as I guarantee it to be worth your time and the health and safety of your pet . Frontline Plus for Dogs when packaged and sold properly -LRB- by most Veterinarians and most reputable companies -RRB- works as it is described to work . For those instances , I would give the product a 5 star rating . But being that this is a consumer review of Frontline Plus for Dogs for the marketplace of Amazon , I would like to bring a particular experience that I became a victim of , to the attention of the consumer.Merial produces the product named Frontline Plus for Dogs -LRB- of various weights -RRB- for US consumers and for the consumers in International markets . Products produced for US distribution are EPA approved . Products for International markets , are not EPA approved . EPA , in this instance , stands for Environmental Protection Agency . This agency sets and enforces rules and standards that protect the environment and control pollution . If a manufacturer produces and distributes EPA and non EPA approved products , it seems like a safer option to administer the EPA approved product.Here goes the story of how I fell victim to a fraudulent sale of Frontline Plus for Dogs through a Seller / Store utilizing Amazon : Upon receipt of a Merial Frontline Plus for Dogs product from a Seller / Store on Amazon , the packaging appeared identical to those sold by my previous Veterinary purchase as well as a previous purchase of this product from Amazon directly . While the outside appeared legit , the inside contents had me on alert instantaneously . Here are a few of the red flags that came to mind
 We have used Frontline on our many dogs for years . This year , though , it is not working . The fleas are still there the next day and on . Repeat applications have not helped . Maybe our local fleas have developed an immunity . We have changed to a different flea control method .
 I 've used Frontline on my dogs for years with no problem and I still think it 's a fine product . This one star review is based on my most recent experience . I ordered this product through Amazon and received an illegal product via a third party seller . I got Frontline Combo , which is not approved by the EPA for sale in the US , in a Frontline Plus box . The lot numbers on the box and product did not match either , so clearly someone had deliberately tampered with the product . I experienced the illegal sale of a pesticide , product tampering , and mail fraud all in one transaction . A representative at Merial , the manufacturer , told me that this problem is widespread on the Internet and advised me to buy Frontline products only from my vet . I just took a look at the seller reviews and there are a number of us who have had the same experience with this seller , so I do n't think Amazon is paying attention . Please be careful about what you are putting on your beloved pets !
 This product does not work as advertised . After giving my dog two applications she still has fleas . I contacted a vet who told me that he pulled this product from his store because fleas have grown immune to it so it is no longer effective .
 i do n't know if they have changed formulas or one flea treatment works better on one kind of dog and not the other , but for my dog frontline plus does n't work . i still find fleas on my dog . he is not covered with fleas , but he still has at least 5 or so on him . my vet said it was because it takes 3 months to break the cycle . my dog has been on frontline for 6 months and i see no difference . i have bought the frontline off the internet and the latest batch was from the vet office . neither seem to work . plus the box says kills for one month so it should n't take three months to work anyway . this stuff is alot of money and it is wasted when it does n't work .
 i put the full container on the shoulder of my dog . the next day she was covered with fleas again . all over her face , and running all over her . it was if she had not been treated at all . she is a small dog , less than 5 lbs . i could not let the fleas stay , i have had to bathe her twice more , it is not keeping the fleas off her . i purchased another product and am applying it once a week . it is a spray to put all over her and it keeps them off better . we have treated the yard but the fleas are really bad this year due to our mild winter .
 It appears that the fleas have developed a tolerance for this product in our area . After a week or two I have spotted fleas and my puppy is still itching and pulling out his hair . It did appear to work for ticks which is why I opted for this brand over an oral flea control but I may have to alternate since the fleas do n't seem to be affected . : -LRB-
 Did nothing ! My dog is 12lbs and has med/long very thin/fine fur . I noticed she had a flea on her belly , I gave her a bath in flea shampoo , 3 fleas came off so I bought Frontline Plus only because her vet recommended it . I made sure my baby was clean before applying this to her dry fur , she was still itchy , 3 weeks after 1st dose and I give her another flea bath 2 fleas came off her !! Just put a 2nd dose on her 2 days ago and guess what IT DOES N'T WORK !! My dog is not infested with fleas , she has a few . FrontLine Plus should have been able to handle but I guess not.Don ' t waste your money on this product .
 THIS PRODUCT SAYS ` FRONTLINE PLUS ' ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE BOX , ON THE INSIDE OF THE BOX IS FRONTLINE COMBO . THEY ARE 2 DIFFERENT FRONTLINES . MY DOG HAS ALLERGIES TO FRONTLINE COMBO , THAT 'S HOW I KNOW THE DIFFERENCE . THE FIRST TIME I BOUGHT THIS I DID N'T CATCH IT IN TIME AND MY DOG WENT CRAZY . THEN I RETURNED IT , GOT REFUND AND MOVED ON . I JUST ORDERED THIS PRODUCT AGAIN FROM A TOTALLY DIFFERENT NAMED COMPANY AND REALIZED IT IS THE SAME COMPANY , WITH THE SAME FALSE PRODUCT INSIDE ... SO FAR THERE IS 3 DIFFERENT COMPANY NAMES ATTACHED TO THIS COMPANY ... ONCE I GET MY REFUND , I WILL NOT BE ORDERING FROM AMAZON AT ALL FOR FRONTLINE PRODUCTS , CA N'T RISK THIS COMPANY ADDING YET ANOTHER COMPANY NAME TO THEIR PRODUCTS . . FRAUDULANT COMPANY -LRB- S -RRB- FRAUDULANT DESCRIPTION ...
 I saw that someone marked this review as unhelpful . They must work for the company that makes Frontline . Everyone who reads this should go do an online search of `` frontline seizures '' ; I read the same exact story over and over , including stories of people whose pets died . I would NEVER give the pets I love a product that had ANY chance of causing a grand mal seizure or death . The seizures my dog started having at 7 years old commenced after I began using Frontline Plus . Within a day or two of application he was having grand mal seizures - which made it difficult to pinpoint the cause . I took him to the vet - blood , urine , fecal matter , kidneys , liver , everything checked ; he is perfectly healthy . I would not recommend anyone use these products . I now give him a combination pill for fleas , heartworm and parasites and he has been fine . It is more expensive - but having a pet is a luxury , not a right , and they cost money.I am not an alarmist or reactionary - this happened three times before I figured it out . He weighs 90 pounds so size is not a determinant . There is too much ancillary evidence to ignore this , in addition to the reality that these products are necessarily poison to enable them to kill fleas . Since I have discontinued the use of Frontline , he has been fine .
 I was told to get Advantix or Advantage instead of Frontline , but noticed a lady at the pet store complaining that neither worked for her dog , and she has to flee bomb the poor pooch because it 's got so bad.I do n't know if our dog is just teething , has dry skin , or if it 's really flees biting her , but the Frontline apparently seems to NOT be working as well as it used to on our other dog four years ago , which was a Labrador Retriever.I have one more months supply left , so I will up the dosage and see if that helps once I 've used the last container . The flees are turning into SUPERflees , and none of this stuff seems to work like it used to .
 We have been using Frontline / Frontline Plus for 10 years , and it has always worked . Never had any problem . In fact , in the past it worked without any type of house bombing or yard treating . This year we did it all , and the Frontline Plus did n't work at all . We moved areas , and I know this sounds ridiculous , but the fleas are just not dying . Wasted my money and need to try another treatment type .
 We have used Frontline Plus for several years and we came back for more . But this year the ticks seem to have overcome the barrier and our dogs get infested with ticks . We took them to the local groomer who cleaned them up but also reported that her clients using Frontline are having major tick problems this year . Not sure if they changed the formula or if we now have super ticks that are immune to Frontline - but beware !
 I would have given this no stars if I could . I have used Frontline Plus for both cats and dogs for fleas and ticks for a couple of years . Up until 2 months ago it seemed to work ok . However , the last two applications has done nothing for my pets and I now have an infestation of fleas . I called my vet 's office and they told me they have found that the Frontline is not working in Maine and that Frontline has acknowledged it , but they are n't doing anything for those of us who have bought it . I now have 2 more weeks before I can apply something new and in the meantime my animals are in agony with biting fleas and I am trying everything I can think of to rid them from my house . If you are thinking about buying Frontline Plus I suggest you call your vet and ask for other options but do n't buy Frontline regardless of where you live because according to people all over the country Frontline is not working .
 I am offended that Amazon is parading as a front for these shady business practices . . I received my order this weekend , excited that I had gotten such a deal . . However , instead of two 6-month packages , I received two 3-month packages . One of which was opened . I 'm not sure how you can check if the items are `` expired '' but they do seem to be legit packaging , matching my previous boxes . What I find a bit more interesting is our vet called after I had ordered to inform my he had Frontline for a similar deal . . I 'm really not opposed to being online , but this experience is ridiculous . . I 'll be calling the shipper tomorrow to give them an ear full . BEWARE !!! Further , I 'm surprised that I am unable to leave a negative rating of no stars . .
 No EPA registration number to be found on box or applicators . There is an expiration date on box and applicator ... there is n't supposed to be one . No lot number on box or applicator.I put whatever this is on my dog two weeks ago and she still has fleas .
 I have a stray cat who comes in to the bathroom off my garage every night . I got him used to doing this because I was afraid of all the predators in my area . He is perfectly happy there , and I sleep better knowing that he is safe . I have been giving him frontline every month , and every night when he comes in I pick ticks off of him . I am returning the frontline I purchased at the vet because I do n't have money to waste . I have heard that the ticks are become immune to this stuff . I will never use it again !!!
 My wife and I foster rescue dogs and over the past 2 years we have fostered over 160 dogs at our home . Frontline does a fair job on the fleas but has no effect on the ticks . A very poor value for the high price you have to pay .
 It 's entirely possible that my dog is a special kind of delicacy for the fleas -LRB- no ticks around -RRB- , but as soon as two days after application -LRB- acompanied by medicated bath -RRB- , Bud had fleas . First application was 15th of Apr , second will be today - 12th May.I 'm really disappointed since I DID review the product and ordered it based on reviews . Wo n't use it again , since Bud still has bugs .
 After using for a couple of months , I am not satisfied with the product . My dog still is annoyed by fleas . Perhaps I got a bad batch but will try another brand next time .
 I purchased the 6 pack for large dogs . When I peeled off the outer foil wrapper , there was liquid leaking from the applicator . Not sure if this was a defective lot . I called Merial and they will be replacing it !
 I rarely completely pan a product , but I have to this time . I put Frontline on my little dog just last week , and then last night , he was again flea covered ! I 've bought Frontline before , and had good success with it , but for some reason , this time it 's not working . I will not purchase it again , and I still have 5 tubes of it left ! * sigh *
 The frontline isnt working for my dogs anymore Im not sure why but I did receive it fast and it was a satisfactory purchase as far as the sellers goes it just didnt work on them so I am trying to figure out another route . I put it on and they still have fleas.Not the sellers fault . Recieve fast and in fine condition .
 We successfully used this for years on dogs and cats until this month . It stopped working ! Perhaps the fleas developed a resistance ? Switched to Advantage II which worked .
 I believe frontline caused my dog and my brothers to die of cancer . My new collie reacted very badly till I washed it off with dawn dishwashing soap . Do not use this stuff even my vet says it cause s his dog to go nuts yet he still sells it ?
 What 's it on a slow boat from china , it has been36 days and still have not received my item .
 Frontline plus is what the vet gives me for the dogs usually but its so expensive I thought this would save me a little money going the online route . Not happy at all . Got it for a larger dog , my little dog and my cat . All of them are still very much covered in fleas , not happy at all . Will just have to go back to purchasing only from my vet from now on . That was almost $ 100 WASTED . It may be just the ones online or it could be frontline plus altogether because Frontline from the vet stopped working after 3 months too so not sure which case it is so will be requesting a different thing from the vet .
 I 'm a little upset , I 've purchased this stuff from this dealer a couple times , and while my dog is flea and tick free , and he has n't had any bad reaction , I just found out the frontline they are selling may not be legal in the USA . EBay and the EPA have a good guides on spotting fakes and stuff that is only supposed to be sold in other countries . Well the French text and the weights in kg shows this is n't the right stuff , so spend a few more bucks at Costco or 1800 pet meds so your beast gets the best quality treatment .
 i expect fleas to be gone and dead , and het the next day , they are still on my dog who has a got spot . . failed . .
 For full disclosure this is for 23-44 lb dogs.Yes , I have read about the Frontline mimics on the EPA site -LRB- Google Frontline and EPA -RRB- . My Frontline was bought from Drs. Foster and Smith and did not have the indicators of the fake products . So do not be fooled into thinking all negative reviews of Frontline are about forgeries.I had heard from my vet that fleas were becoming immune to Frontline . I had used Frontline Plus with two previous dogs . I lost my second dog in February 2012 and got a 8 week puppy in April . Frontline had effectively eliminated and prevented any flea infestation for over 20 years , when combined with rug spraying . Since I did n't have fleas to worry about , I was using the remaining Frontline Plus on my puppy when she grew big enough . About 5-10 years previous I had found two ticks on my Frontline Plus treated dog , both dead , neither particularly engorged with blood . Whereas , with a Hertz product I had tried , I found live ticks next to where it was applied.A camping trip October 2012 to Cape Cod proved to me beyond doubt that Frontline Plus also no longer worked on ticks . I was not duly warned by the Nickerson State Campsite how severe their tick problem was . The Frontline Plus had only been on my dog for two weeks . I pulled more than thirty ticks off my dog during the week and the week after I returned . 15 were engorged with more than 7 at what is shown in pictures as fully engorged . Merriel makes a big deal about the tick needing to be on the dog for a certain amount of time before it will kill them . I may be wrong but the length of time seems to be expanding as the effectiveness goes down . At any rate , if it does not kill the tick before the tick can transmit disease , it is worthless . All insecticides come with a risk , and if it does n't work you are just applying a poison to your beloved companion.My dog contracted a tick-borne disease
 This product is not 6 doses - it is 3 . There is nothing obvious to let you know , although it is stated down in the details . Because they gouge you for the 6-month price , it is easy to assume it is the 6-month product . It is not .
 Mail order Frontline does not stop ticks on my 85 # lab . We take 15-20 ticksoff him every day . I suspect the mail order Frontline is some foreign counterfeit . I am going back to a flea and tick collar .
 I 've been using this product for eight years.After using the one purchased over the internet , my dog had two seizures within two hours andtwo days of Diarrehea . After spending $ 1000on emergency vet care , I 'll stick to a flea collar !
 I researched this product before I bought it through ebay.I was disappointed when the items showed signs of counterfeiting.I called the manufacturer of this product - Merial - to confirm these signs . I was told by several layers of customer service that Merial does NOT put an expiration date anywhere on the packaging of this product.Merial stated that counterfeits of their products have expiration dates.Merial sent me replacement packages of the genuine product after I mailed them the counterfeits . I had to pay for the mailing ... $ $ . BUYER BEWARE .
 I switched from Advantix II to this b/c the ticks around here are bad in the summer but in the end , none of them worked . What I have been using and it has worked since is Pet Naturals spray which is a mix of natural products and you simply spray the dog before a walk and it prevents the ticks from attaching to the dog in the first place and that has worked and I have been using it for years . The plus side is it is all Natural and not a chemical like Frontline or K9 Advantix which is a big plus . Also a little drop of apple cider or vinegar on their treat is another natural repellant and great for their immune system . During peak seasons of ticks when it is warm ill drop some on their treats once every week and even that little amount helps .
 This product is FAKE from this seller . Packaging looks legit BUT IT DOES NOT WORK . My pets came in from outside this at least one tick daily . I finally became fed up and went to my vets office to buy the real thing and I have n't found a tick on them since .
 This product was either defective or outdated ... it did not work AT ALL . I applied the liquid directly on the fleas and they were still alive after 30-60 seconds ... it did not kill them !
 If you are going to purchase this product , or K9 Advantix II for your dog , BUY IT FROM YOUR VETERINARIAN ! My Vet is so concerned about fakes being bought online that he has DROPPED his prices on these items and Heartworm Prevention items -LRB- plus he is giving 2 free for each 6 you purchase -RRB- after one of his patient 's bought these things online , they turned out to be counterfeit and she had 3 -LRB- THREE -RRB- dogs die . DO N'T be fooled . Some here maybe real but your Vet is the only one you know for sure has the real stuff . Better safe than in mourning . I 'm glad my Vet loves my pets as much as his own !
 I am so confused about what this product is . I just thought I was ordering FRONTLINE ? Why do they state `` Merial '' before Frontline?I will know as soon as it arrives , but reading many of the reviews I feel something is rotten in Denmark .
 My sister purchased this product for her 15 lb dog . He stays with me on the weekends and in the last few months , I noticed that he was always itchy and always licking and chewing his fur all over his body . During baths I noticed he had multiple red spots where he was bitten . Lately , there would always be 2-4 fleas in the bath tub and last week I found a tick on his face.We checked with our vet and she said products sold outside of the vet 's office are not effective . She has not come across a single success story amongst her clients regarding use of these products purchased online or at big-box stores . I speak from experience ... do not waste your money purchasing these products online . They do n't work . More importantly , do n't put your dog through so much misery and discomfort or place them at risk of illness from disease carrying pests .
 I waited so long for this to be delivered , I almost bought some elsewhere.I was very surprised as anything I order through Amazon is always delivered fast.I will not buy from this company again but do not blame Amazon for the delay .
 I saw that someone marked this review as unhelpful . They must work for the company that makes Frontline . Everyone who reads this should go do an online search of `` frontline seizures '' ; I read the same exact story over and over , including stories of people whose pets died . I would NEVER give the pets I love a product that had ANY chance of causing a grand mal seizure or death . The seizures my dog started having at 7 years old commenced after I began using Frontline Plus . Within a day or two of application he was having grand mal seizures - which made it difficult to pinpoint the cause . I took him to the vet - blood , urine , fecal matter , kidneys , liver , everything checked ; he is perfectly healthy . I would not recommend anyone use these products . I now give him a combination pill for fleas , heartworm and parasites and he has been fine . It is more expensive - but having a pet is a luxury , not a right , and they cost money.I am not an alarmist or reactionary - this happened three times before I figured it out . He weighs 90 pounds so size is not a determinant . There is too much ancillary evidence to ignore this , in addition to the reality that these products are necessarily poison to enable them to kill fleas . Since I have discontinued the use of Frontline , he has been fine .
 I ordered this 3 month supply from amazon seller `` Pets with Panache `` I have always had good experience with frontline products , however what I received was NON US frontline , which is not FDA/EPA approved for sale in the US.The box that came in the mail DOES NOT look like the one shown in the product photo . After contacting Merial , at their helpline , they confirmed that this was indeed a foreign version of frontline , and that they are not responsible for the ingredients used , since it is not meant for US sale , and therefore non USDA/FDA/EPA approved.I immediately went to petsmart , and bought a real genuine frontline 3 pack for $ 55 , thats $ 25 more expensive than the price on amazon , and for good reason -- ITS GENUINE USA FRONTLINE.I have uploaded a product photo , please take a look to confirm if you have been sent the counterfeit frontline package.The Genuine fronline is on the left of the image and the fake is on the right.Notice the `` CAUTION '' warning label on the real package is missing on the fake . Also as you can see the fake package on the right is faded in color , and not as thick as the USA version.I hope everyone uses this photo to be certain they have been sent GENUINE USA SPEC FRONTLINE !!!
 Frontline receives great reviews but it did not work on 2 of my dogs in the least . I used Frontline a few years ago on my first dog -LRB- a Border Collie -RRB- ... it did NOT work at all . Flash forward 6 years to my current pooch , a Whippet . He has short , white hair and skinny so an easy guy to care for regarding fleas . I ran out of Advantage flea drops -LRB- has always worked excellent ! -RRB- and thought Id revisit Frontline since reviews are so good . And again , the drops did less than nothing . Very disappointed . Go with Advantage.Details
 While this may be FDA approved , do not use . See the Amazon forums :[ ... -RSB- . Our 19 week old setter received a dose and 24 hours later was lethargic , yelped before we even touched her , her eyes were glazed over and she was shivering and would n't eat . I called our vet but he could n't see us because it was too late . We were almost ready to go to the Emergency Vet , but my husband suggested an internet search on adverse effects of Frontline and the other med she is taking for a bout of diarrhea she had a few days ago . Anyhow , upon seeing that all her symptoms lined up with an adverse response to Frontline Plus , we did as many suggested and washed her in Dawn Dishwashing Liquid as it removes the oils Frontline deposits . It is not literally 30 minutes later and she ate all her dinner , is roaring around playing , her eyes are no longer glazed over and she seems back to normal . I am reporting this to the FDA and my vet -LRB- although since they sell tons of this product , I am guessing they will deny a correlation . -RRB-
 The add for this shows the Frontline Plus that is sold in the United States . What I received was the overseas version that is in kilograms instead of pounds . It has a golden retriever on front instead of the dalmation . From what I 've read this is illegal to be sold in the states.I imagine it 's the same thing or very close , but it 's not what I ordered . It 's also not what they advertised on Amazon .
 To begin with , I purchased this product from my vet , not from here.I am always taking walks in the woods with my dogs . This year was a really bad tick year in my area , and my dogs were getting inundated with ticks . I 'd pull out whatever ticks I found and then figure , `` Oh well , Frontline will take care of the ones I could n't find '' . I was wrong
 used this stuff because my dogs have fleas . it says the fleas should be dead by 24 hours , but 3 days later i did n't notice any differance so i emailed them . they just sent me a message explaining how it 's supposed to work . hahahaa , thanks for telling me how it 's SUPPOSED to work while i 'm watching my dogs scratch . the fleas keep getting worse , so i 've been giving them flea baths every week to relieve the itching . i 'm ordering advantage now and hopefully the little guys will feel better soon : -LRB-
 I purchased the 3 month package and treated our dog - a beagle/basset mix . He 's a puppy , and still within the weight guidelines . I might as well have just smeared Crisco on his neck . This stuff did nothing , and I mean , NOTHING for his fleas . Our yard is treated , our house was fumigated , so I know he 's not tracking more in.The Frontline that I purchased for our cat was equally worthless . So , I 'm back to shampooing the two every week until enough time passes that I can treat them with something else . I 'm going to go with Advantage or Revolution next time.Your mileage may vary . From the reviews on here , it looks like Frontline 's really hit-or-miss with whether or not it 's going to work on your dog .
 First , i give this product NO STARSI purchased frontline through the vet , it does not work , my 2 dogs still had flease after application , after 2 weeks with no results , i got Advantage , they were flea free after 20 hours . Fronline 's satisfaction gurantee is a joke . I called them and asked for their guarantee , the answer `` you have to use it for 3 months to get the guarantee '' . No thanks I am not wasting another $ -LSB- ... -RSB- on that crap again .
 So being a first time dog owner , I am definitely learning alot often by experiencing mistakes ... When you type into Amazon search engine HEARTWORM PREVENTION this product shows up . I did n't carefully pay attention and ordered this product thinking I was covering all of my bases . Then the vet 's yearly wellness lab results came back for my pooch HEARTWORM POSITIVE.I feel pretty dumb for not using the right product and having to subject my dog to the treatment now and paying much more than what monthly preventative meds would have cost . I just want to insert this caution for other people who may be naive about preventative medications for your dog ... THIS PRODUCT IS NOT FOR HEART WORM PREVENTION!When your vet asks you about what product you use , make sure you really know because if I had remembered and told them I was using FRONTLINE for heartworm protection they would have immediately caught on . Instead I mentioned oh something topical monthly ... and really did think I was doing the right thing .
 I first applied this product 3 weeks ago . The fleas were manageable at that time . Now my house is completely infested . My dogs are miserable , and so am I because every time I get near them I get bitten by fleas . Today I used a flea comb on my dogs . I got 7 fleas off of one of them and at least one of the fleas was pregnant . I thought Frontline was supposed to prevent that . I called Frontline and they said this is normal , that it can take up to 3 months for the flea population to die out , but I am not satisfied with that . I 've seen a lot of bad reviews of Frontline lately , I only bought it because it 's what I 'm used to , but go with Advantage instead . This is a terrible product.UPDATE
 Does anyone out there , anyone at all , realize that Frontline is a pesticide -LRB- i.e. poison -RRB- that you are feeding to your pets ? It 's legalized poison , folks , totally toxic stuff . No , Fido and Fluffy do not keel over in the short-term from using this stuff because thedose is fairly small , but I assure you that this toxic topical formulation bioaccumulates in the fatty tissue sof your pets and creates a critical mass of toxin over time . IN this case , the `` cure '' is far worse for your pet than the affliction , i.e. fleas or ticks . Moreover , there are various natural formulations out there to keep pests at bay , products and strategies that your vet is too busy taking handouts from pesticide manufacturers to tell you about . Seriously , if you love your pet , I 'd do some serious indeoendent research about Frontline and similar ingestible pesticides . If your dog gets cancer after years of being exposed to this stuff , you ca n't say I did n't warn you.Some links to get you thinking -LRB- and if you 're thinking , `` then why does the gov ' t allow it if it 's unsafe ? '' , I have to wonder about your naivete . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Merial only sells to veterinarians . All other product has changed hands several times and can not be trusted . In addition , splitting product like this is against EPA rules and regulations . The EPA has already been notified and is building a case against all sellers of adulterated products . The fines carry hefty charges and possible jail time since endagerment to human health is a real possibility . Buyer beware!Frontline , bought from your vet , is backed by Merial . If bought from your vet , they will help with break through flea problems and bad reactions to the product .
 The product is great , however , the seller filly434 , does not know how to do business . I will never purchase anything from her or Merial .
 We use this on our dog every month , and she has gotten two ticks so far this month ! It seems to work with fleas , but is not helpful for ticks .
 I have 3 Samoyeds and live in Florida . My dogs spend very little time outside due to temperature yet have recently been infested with fleas . Anyhow , after wasting money at Walmart on some inexpensive flea medicine I decided to pay for Frontline Plus . Unfortunately this also turned out to be a huge waste of money . I have applied the Frontline Plus twice and honestly see very little difference in the level of flea infestation . I understand that having Samoyeds I am dealing with very long , dense fur but as far as Frontline is concerned I would never recommend this product and have found it to also be a huge waste of money . Off to the Vet for some real meds ! Dont waste your time or money !
 I have used the product twice and the animals still have fleas !! Very disappointed after all the money that was spent .
 I have used the product twice and the animals still have fleas !! Very disappointed after all the money that was spent .
 Sorry to say what I received was not what was pictured . It was one tube and a dropper , and a note from the seller explaining that there was an error . The seller did say that AMAZON made a mistake and it was listed wrong ... but when the tube was opened it was also for 83 + pound dog .
 I bought this product for my dog . I have not seen any improvement in her flea problem . I called the company and got nowhere . I even suggested that maybe I had just gotten a bad batch of the product . They continue to say that I have to use the product for 3 months before they will give me my money back . I took my dog to the vet today and they even confirmed that my dear dog is covered in fleas . I will never ever use their product again with such an uncaring company policy . I believe that my dog does deserve better . By the way yes I have followed all the direction on the box and even treated my yard for fleas .
 I saw that someone marked this review as unhelpful . They must work for the company that makes Frontline . Everyone who reads this should go do an online search of `` frontline seizures '' ; I read the same exact story over and over , including stories of people whose pets died . I would NEVER give the pets I love a product that had ANY chance of causing a grand mal seizure or death . The seizures my dog started having at 7 years old commenced after I began using Frontline Plus . Within a day or two of application he was having grand mal seizures - which made it difficult to pinpoint the cause . I took him to the vet - blood , urine , fecal matter , kidneys , liver , everything checked ; he is perfectly healthy . I would not recommend anyone use these products . I now give him a combination pill for fleas , heartworm and parasites and he has been fine . It is more expensive - but having a pet is a luxury , not a right , and they cost money.I am not an alarmist or reactionary - this happened three times before I figured it out . He weighs 90 pounds so size is not a determinant . There is too much ancillary evidence to ignore this , in addition to the reality that these products are necessarily poison to enable them to kill fleas . Since I have discontinued the use of Frontline , he has been fine .
 Most people do n't think about what they are putting on their pet when they use this stuff . It 's a potent insecticide called Fibronil . It is transmitted through skin -- dog skin or your skin !! Be sure to wear protective gloves -- Amazon sells inexpensive boxes of throw away nitrile gloves the same type doctors use when they give patients chemo or handle potent drugs . USE THEM . Do n't pet your animal where you applied the chemical . I got horrible headaches from this . It works great on fleas , and I would be sure your pet is actually at risk for fleas and ticks before randomly applying . -LRB- I held off until she had them -RRB- Now we just use the product in the summer , since our poodle is primarily an indoor pet . Fibronil is highly toxic to marine life . We do n't need more needless chemicals in our environment . Use sparingly !
 I was not a happy camper to find that my dog had picked up fleas just two weeks after applying this product . I will never use Frontline again . Vectra from now on for my canine kids.Please note that my review is not for the seller . The product arrived in a timely fashion , without incident .
 While I have had good luck with Frontline in the past , this time the fleas were back on my dogs in just days .
 I am going to keep this short and simple . I was afraid I had gotten a counterfeit product , but did n't want to believe all of the `` blogs . '' This is an article from the EPA 's website that instructs what to look for to determine authenticity . -LSB- ... -RSB- My product was NOT child resistant , rather the foil just peeled off . Also , my produced lacked the `` notches '' that this article describes . I gave one dose to my dog , and I hope that it does not cause any harm -LRB- I care less whether it will keep the fleas off -RRB- .
 My dog got 2 ticks and fleas while on this product . I had to switch to something else . I live in upstate NY so I do n't know if that has something to do with the kinds of fleas and ticks we get .
 On October 26th 2012 I ordered the same exact Frontline Plus I order from Amazon every 6 months . I have ordered my Frontline direct from Amazon LLC -LRB- never a 3rd party vendor -RRB- for over two years and never had a problem , until now.When I initially opened the package I found the blister packs were different then normal , not necessarily a big deal as manufactures regularly change their packaging . However , when I cracked open the vile the smell of the product was noticeably different so I decided to contact Merial directly and see if they had changed their packaging . The Merial rep said they had not and asked me to confirm several other aspects of the packaging . The serial numbers actually matched correctly for the US product however she agreed the blister pack sounded odd so she asked I mail them the remaining viles and box for evaluation ; Merial case # 12-117630 for any doubters.On January 10th I was contacted by Merial and they confirmed that the product is counterfeit and a very good one with matching serial numbers ! To be fair to Amazon I contacted them today and they have refunded my money however there could be many other customers that have made this purchase and received fake product putting your dog at risk of flea infestation . I put my dogs on Comfortis as a precaution and will continue to do so until I can again find a reasonably priced supply of Frontline Plus that is not counterfeit.It is important to note the Merial rep said they do not have a direct working relationship with Amazon and the supplier is a 3rd party . It seems Amazon needs to step up its quality checks on its 3rd party suppliers!I have said my piece , caveat emptor .
 Frontline does not seem to work in Maine . I guess the ticks have figured out the formula ?? I switched to advantixx and no more ticks or fleas !
 I purchased the Merial Frontline Plus for dogs 0-22 pounds -LRB- 3 pack -RRB- from this seller Discount Fleas . This product is highly dangerous and I do not recommend it to anyone , not even my worst enemy !! I have a pure bred shih tzu -LRB- approx . 13 pounds -RRB- and I used 1 vial on her at 9AM and 4 to 5 hours later my dog could not walk !! She is a very active 5 month old puppy , but a few hours after administering this product , she could not use her hind legs , and it appeared as though she was paralyzed . Before giving my dog the dose , I contacted this seller and asked them if I should administer the complete vial or just partial because my dog was n't at the 22 pound max weight and I did n't want to overdose her . The seller responded and advised me to administer the complete vial because it may not work if I only gave my dog a partial amount . I administered the vial as I was instructed to do by the seller and I followed the packaging directions exactly.My dog was over my parents house while I ran errands and I got a call from my mom saying my dog was n't walking . I rushed over and my dog was just sitting on her bottom . She tried to get up and run to me as she usually does when she sees me , but she just could n't . I was standing maybe 2 feet away from her and she was whining and crying as I was calling her to come to me . I would see her raise her bottom a little bit to try and get up , but she could n't . Her tail was wagging fast -LRB- as usual -RRB- , but it just broke my heart to see her in that condition and the only thing that could have caused it was the Frontline Plus . I brought a bowl of water to her which she drank . My parents and I were ready to take her to the hospital , but thankfully she started coming around and walking again . My dog was probably dizzy and felt bad all over and I had no way of knowing what was wrong ... all I could see is that she was n't walking.I googled my dogs symptoms and surprisingly this is a common side effect to this product and some dogs have long term illnesses and life threatening symptoms when using this product . I know I will never use it again ! How can this product be safe for a dog who weighs less than mine . It 's probably not safe for any dog !!
 On the advise of others , I was told to get this or Advantage for my dog . I did , I used it as directed and she was back to scratching in less than two weeks . It 's either old stock that passed it 's effective date or sadly misrepresented .
 The box came unsealed and the frontline packaging was open . It look like someone had opened the packaging . I have never ordered from Amazon before and recieved a product like this . I 'm very upset with this .
 I called someone from Merial Frontline and they said sometimes it takes 3 months before all the fleas die out . Well I 've waited and waited , applying monthly applications of Frontline -LRB- on my dog and both cats -RRB- and the fleas have flourished . Then I bought Advantage and used one application and bingo the fleas were dying in front of my eyes.Someone -LRB- not the Merial spokesperson -RRB- told me you should alternate flea spot treatments for the best results , but I do n't know if that 's true or not . What I do know is I spent over $ 100 on Frontline for the animals and all it seemed to do is act as a growth hormone for the fleas.When you spend this much money you expect results and I got none . I will say in the past I 've used Frontline and had no flea problems , but this year Frontline had no impact on the fleas . I wish they 'd give me my money back . What a waste of time and money and the fleas got worse while I was waiting for the magic three-month deadline .
 give fido or fifi a skin so soft bath once a week . this stuff makes them act dangerously weird and the fleas seem to love it . would never purchase again .
 Our flea problem in So FL is so bad that nothing is working . It is a constant struggle . I 'm going back to AdvantixII like my vet recommended .
 This stuff is very slow acting if it acts at all.It kills eggs , which means it neither kills nor repels fleas that bite the dog.I 've used it before and it does reduce fleas if you use it over the course of a year.If you start using it in mid season , you 're still going to get a lot of fleas hopping on and biting the dog .
 Got from vet last year -- worked ; got from Amazon this year -- still have fleas . I think we should all ask for refunds .
 Our vet has recommended that we use this product every 3 weeks as it has not been killing fleas like it used to . Other pet owners we know are having the same problem . It used to be an effective product . Maybe the fleas have built up a tolerance to it . We sure wish it worked better .
 This product does nothing for fleas . It used to work , but recently it has not helped in the slightest with keeping the fleas off of my pets -LRB- 3 dogs and 2 cats . -RRB- I agree with others who have said that fleas have become immune to frontline . My pets are being driven crazy from fleas and they look absolutely pitiful ! I am going to be trying a different product .
 I have used Frontline many times before but always have purchased it from the vet 's office . It has always worked wonderfully . The price was so much less online that I decided to try buying it here . However , the Frontline that I received was either expired or something because it was completely ineffective . My dogs are covered in fleas only a week after application . I will not be buying this product online again .
 I gave this product a two star vs one , because it served me well till this year . After three applications with only 18 days apart , my dog keeps getting a flea or two here and there . She is allergic to fleas , and even one would torture her . My vet has mentioned that he stopped carrying FrontPlus because dogs keep getting fleas while on medication . He sees it more and more now . Are fleas getting immuned to it ???? I guess now I have to go and leave more money , buy Capstar to solve the problem . I wished Frontline would do something about it .
 We 've always used Frontline on our dog but this Summer it does n't seem to be working at all . After 2 weeks of putting it on our dog is scratching and has irritated skin . We talked to our vet and he said Frontline is n't working as well anymore because it is no longer sold by prescription and has saturated the market and fleas have built up an immunity to it .
 For some reason , Frontline does n't work for my dog . Advantage did but I bought a 6 month supply of Frontline on sale and I noticed fleas on the dog a couple days after using it . I was told the fleas would fall off but within days he 's covered with them . I did everything as instructed but it was a waste of time and money . I have three months supply left and will throw it away . Useless .
 I 've seen many tv commercials and advertisements about this product , so finally I decided to purchase it . I generally use flea collars or sprays on my chihuahua . I did not see a difference after using Frontline Plus . My dog was scratching herself more and I was very unsatisfied .
 Regretfully , this product does n't work . I have used similar products from our vet that worked fine but for some reason this does n't - or is n't the same .
 I have several dogs , and they were loaded with fleas . I treated them , bombed my home , sprayed the yard , and washed their bedding . We still have fleas . One dog , I bathed , dried thoroughly , re-applied some Frontline plus and he still has Fleas.Cedercide worked better last year and cost less .
 I switched from K9 Advantix to Frontline because it was cheaper , and my dog started suffering from fleas . I had to buy some Advantix after wasting my money on the frontline to get rid of the fleas.Big waste of money for me .
 The picture is not what I received . The box I got is frontline but is from a different country . I figure that it is safe to use on my dog but I decided not to since the box is not the same .
 I 'm sorry to say that this product has been a waste of money . Did nothing to get rid of the ticks on my dog -LRB- we live in a dry hot climate and fleas in the summer are a big pain -RRB- . After trying Frontline with poor results , I bought K9 Adventix and it 's excellent .
 We have used Frontline on our dogs for 6 + years and never had a single flea . This past month is the exception . We discovered last night that both of our dogs have fleas and the frontline is n't supposed to wear off for another week . They do not have access to water to go swimming and they were only bathed one time less than a week ago . So , I know it is n't from me washing it off of them before it absorbs.It was awesome for many years , but sadly no longer effective . If you do use the product , constantly monitor you pet and home for any signs of fleas .
 I do n't think this is actually cost effective compared to buying a larger package of this stuff . We carefully followed the package directions and my dog still has fleas.Sorry to give bad news .
 I have given frontline to my dogs before , however this past year it seems like it has not done the trick . I cant find anything that works , and my vet and everyone else has told me the same : -LRB-
 I have a Bichon Frise that has been having problems with fleas for a some weeks . We have tried the flea shampoos , the collar , practically everything . I saw online that FRONTLINE was the best product to kill fleas so I decided to buy it , even though it is extremely expensive for the small bottles it has . I put it on my dog , and after 3 days the fleas were back . This product is not worth it at all , it is a waste of money !
 I expected more from this product . We tried this natural spray at Kaymart that worked even worse . Maybe the Frontline needs several months to work , but based on the results we had with the first application , we are unsatisfied . Our vet told us this was the only product that would absolutely get rid of fleas , but it did not work . About a week after we applied it to our dog , we noticed that she still had fleas . It says that it will continue to work for up to three months , but it did not for us . I will try it once more after a month has past but so far , not working too well .
 These folks are selling a 3-month supply at 6-month prices.Nothing illegal . And there 's nothing wrong with the product itself.The item listing -LRB- Frontline Plus Flea and Tick Drops for Dogs & Puppies Up to 22lbs -RRB- does n't mention how many pills are available ; in the description of the item , it does say , toward the bottom , that you are getting 3 pills . Just over $ 18 each , and that 's before tax and shipping.You get 3 pills , not 6 . If you are aware of that , go on and buy !
 I 've been using Frontline products for years and not had any trouble . This year , the Frontline does n't seem to be as effective against the fleas . When i asked my vet , they told me that a lot of people had been having problems with the fleas while using Frontline . The fleas seem to becoming resistant to some of the flea products like K9 Advantix , Advantage and Frontline . The vet suggested Vectra 3D as an alternative that seems to still be effective . I 'm trying that next month .
 Urgh . I had so much hope that something would control fleas this year . In past years we have had no to little problems with fleas . A mild winter has changed that . I just used the third dose of Frontline on our three dogs ... having read it takes two to three months to build up and really work . Well , the fleas are worse this month than in June ! So Frontline just does not work anymore . I am also feeding dogs vitamin B1 , brewers yeast , and sprayed the house with Home Defense insecticide . this product is 1/2 strength of commercial pesticides so if you spray twice , it works as effectively . It did the job with ants for us . And it did seem to help greatly for about 6 weeks . I guess I need to reapply even though it claims it works for 12 months.A friend uses Trifexis on her dogs for heartworms and fleas and does n't have any problems . The flea-controlling compound is spinosad which is sold solo in Comfortis . I have a dog on ivermectin treatment for heartworms so ca n't use the Trifexis . I will order Comfortis asap . I 'm out of Frontline and it was a waste of money .
 I '' ve used Frontline for several months now and it does n't seem to work at all ! Yes the fleas appear to be dying slowly , however the entire month they continue to itch , and I have to constantly be pulling off fleas from my pets . I will never waste money on this company again !
 I have been using Frontline Plus monthly , from March through August , 2012 , and have documented the doses to be positive I gave it as noted . Last week , a friend took my standard poodle in for several days while I was out of town . The first evening , she called to say the dog was going to the kennel , as he was covered with fleas ! When I discussed with my vet , he said the manufacturer was investigating for lack of effectiveness ... . that there may be an immunity that has developed in the flea population.Be careful ...
 I would n't normally write a bad review for a product , however , I really believe this is not worth the money . It essentially did little to nothing to kill or prevent fleas on our pets . I can safely say that most of the fleas on our pets did not die or even leave the animal . We tried this for a three month period and it was absolutely useless.In a comparison , we switched to K-9 Advantix II and the difference was night and day!Same animals , location , weather , etc. . . The Frontline Plus honestly did not work . I may have well administered tap water instead of Frontline Plus.The K-9 Advantix II worked almost immediately.PLEASESave your money ! DO NOT WASTE IT on this product . I ca n't imagine how two products -LRB- FRONTLINE - ADVANTIX -RRB- claiming to do essentially the same thing , can be so vastly different with results . If I had to rely on Frontline , I would simply not use anything .
 ok first of all seller changes his seller name all the time , so beware of that . do not rely on looking for the name of a BAD seller to do more shopping ! 2nd . they advertise this product as FRONTLINE PLUS ! BUT WHEN YOU CLICK THEIR AD , the product is FRONTLINE TOP SPOT ! ... not the same , and it is the reason it is cheap . look it up ... frontline top spot does NOT kill flea larvae or eggs , so you only kill the adults . not good and a waste of money ! **** HONESTLY IT IS A big GAMBLE TO BYE FRONTLINE ANYMORE HERE . hard to catch the scammer !
 Used this on my two dogs and it did n't seem to help . Both dogs continue to have fleas and constantly are scratching . I have tried to applications over two months time . Do n't think it is worth the money .
 Do not be mislead by the familiar package pictured . Scroll down to read the description . I received an envelope with 2 large dosages not labeled , no safety or product disclosures , a syringe , a broken glass vial and a half sheet of paper titled `` idiot '' instruction . May be counterfeit as my dogs had a very different reaction than when I use the actual Frontline in the proper dosage package . I find the advertisement misleading & the manner of distribution unethical and potentially unsafe . Research online reports regarding this potentially harmful method of dispensing , differences in dosage packages , and changes to product once opened and stored . The Seller replied to me with repeated horrible emails of insults , attacks and demands . If you take the risk , pray you never have to deal with the Seller . Not worth the savings or the risk for our four legged friends .
 I have used this product successfully for years . I do n't know why , but this year it does not keep the fleas away . I have never had a problem with fleas on my dogs before because I apply Frontlne monthly . Now I am applying it every two weeks and still the dogs have fleas . I am soon going to try a different product and see if that helps .
 I do n't know if the fleas have become resistant to the ingredients or the product just does n't work anymore , but I applied Frontline to my dog and he had fleas crawling on him a week after application . I took him to the groomer for a flea bath and she told me that alot of people were saying that Frontline was n't working on their pets . She recommended Advantix .
 I have been using Frontline for a long time with my animals . Unfortunately , the fleas have become immune to Frontline . I started finding fleas on my dog this summer . I supplemented with flea shampoos AND giving Frontline more frequently -LRB- every 3 weeks instead of every 4 -RRB- . I also fogged and sprayed the house . -LRB- More $ $ $ -RRB- This did n't help - my poor dog still had fleas . He scratched and scratched and gave himself a swollen ear . After $ 500 of surgery and meds for the ear - I am switching to Revolution Flea Control -LRB- and that seems to be working !! -RRB- . Several vets I have talked to , and several dog owners , tell me that the fleas seem to have become immune to whatever Frontline uses . One vet tells me that he is sending back all his unused Frontline supply and will not carry it anymore .
 I have used Frontline on my Golden for the last seven years with great results until this year . I put it on him and two weeks later he had fleas ! I called the vet and they said I could apply it every two weeks . I put it on four times in eight weeks and he still had fleas !! I called the vet and ended up buying pills -LRB- 3 -RRB- for $ 51.00 and the first pill took care of the problem ! Has Frontline changed the formula ?? It does n't work like it used to !!
 Product is not working . Had to reapply after 21 days . My dogs are going crazy with ticks galore . Will never buy this product again .
 Always check with your vet , even if buying online . They will have a better understanding if the fleas around you have developed an immunity to a particular flea treatment . Had I known that my vet no longer even carries Frontline due to its uselessness here , I would not have wasted time and money on this product . I am glad to know there are alternatives . Hopefully Merial is in the process of reformulation ; too bad they do not stand by their product . Nevertheless I have informed them of the lot number and the complete ineffectiveness of this item at my location .
 Seller shipped promptly so no complaint there . It did n't do any good though . I have a mini schnauzer who picked up a nasty flea problem . I started with multiple flea baths , did n't help . Then I got the Hartz topical medicine . Did n't work . I then spent the bigger bucks for Frontline . Did n't work . I finally got a prescription for Comfortis pills . I could not get it locally and had to order it from 1 800 petmeds with a prescription from my vet . The dog had seen the vet within a few months so they did n't require another exam , I just called and got the prescription . They shipped super fast and the Comfortis did the trick . I wish I 'd never bothered with the topical stuff and gone straight for the prescription pills . The Comfortis pills worked super well and super fast , and I wasted a bunch of time and money getting to the real solution .
 My little lhasa means a lot to us and everytime she has a seizure we feel so bad.We are used to her seizures since they ve been happening sporadically for 3 and 1/2 years now . She is medicated , sees the vet on a regular basis , does blood works and all sorts of tests every 6 months . Basically she is very well taken care of.However , what happened last week was totaly unusual and tragic
 I purchased this product in the six-dose size and expected to receive six individually-packaged tubes of medication . Instead I received two jumbo-sized tubes , a dosing sheet , one single-use 1 ml syringe , and an empty vial . Apparently they are selling bulk doses , but they do not make this clear in the product description . So the expectation is that you dispense the bulk dose into the small vial , read the dosing sheet , measure the proper dose , and store the extra . And by the way , the single-use 1 ml syringe is not enough to administer a single dose for my 40 lb dog -LRB- at least according to the enclosed dosing sheet -RRB- , so I had to administer it in two goes . Some people might be comfortable with this
 If you live in a wooded area -LRB- particularly in the northeast US -RRB- , you might want to use Advantix instead . Advantix repels mosquitoes -LRB- and Frontline does n't -RRB- , and it also does a better job than Frontline in killing ticks . My dog was on Frontline , but ticks were still crawling all over him . The switch to Advantix has helped a lot .
 I used Frontline Plus on my Aussie one time and it killed hiim . The product was purchased from our vet and was supposed to be the best there is . Fronline Plus is a good product if you dog can tolerate the active ingredient , Fipronil , which is a neurotoxin specific to invertebrates -LRB- including fleas and ticks -RRB- ; it over stimulates the flea or tick 's nervous system causing convulsions and death within a few hours for fleas and within 48 hours for ticks . HOWEVER , some dogs are unable to tolerate Fipronil and they can go into convulsions , it can cause blindness , seizures , calcinosis cutis and a myriad of other problems including kidney failure , liver failure and diabetes.The problem with Frontline Plus , besides the ones I have already mentioned , is the manufacturer turns a deaf ear to anyone who reports problems . And the manufacturer refuses to put any type of warning on the packaging . And , when you go to your vet they say things like `` this could n't be from Frontline Plus , it 's completely safe '' , and `` maybe you should find yourself another vet if you think this is from Frontline Plus '' . The manufacturer of Frontline Plus states that they want to ` help ' our pets and our vets are supposed to be trained professionals who want to ` save ' or ` care for ' our pets . Maybe these vets are just in the business to ` make money ' off of pet owners and possibly it 's the same with the manufacturer of Frontline Plus.Some vets will say that if you did n't purchase Frontline Plus from them you received a fraudulent or counterfeit product . Since when did Sam 's Club , Costco or Pet Meds start making counterfeit Frontline Plus ? And if you go to one of these stores telling them this what do you think their lawyers would do with that information?If I could give the product a minus 10 stars I would do so . But in this case it 's not the product that deserves the minus 10 it the manufacturer and the manufacturer of Frontline Plus should be held accountable . They need to be responsible enough to warn consumers . This would be the same as cereal manufacturers putting warnings on their labels about their product being in the same area as peanut dust , -LRB- you have heard people who are allergic to peanuts can die , right ? -RRB- . So the manufacturer of Frontline Plus needs to be responsible enough to inform vets that there can be problems as well as the public.I have tell everyone I meet about the problems with Frontline Plus and if I see someone in a store looking at Fronline I tell them also . You 'd be amazed how people are turned off once they know what damage this stuff can do . I have also told several vets but not sure they wanted to hear what I said .
 After countless recommendations by friends , family , and vets I decided to give it a shot . It really did n't do much . I have 2 Dachshunds and a Miniature Pincher that stay inside the majority of the time . They only go outside to potty . I ca n't say it did n't work cause they did have `` less '' fleas but , it was n't worth the money at all . Just last night I picked 10 fleas off my min pin . I live out in the country so perhaps that has something to do with it but I have read many reviews that said it works in the country as well . Perhaps I have a hybrid breed of fleas that are immune to FrontLine ?
 I waited 2 days after giving my dog a bath to put the Frontline Plus on her . She had a couple fleas on her , so I checked the next day . She seemed to have a few more fleas so I figured the product had not taken effect yet . I checked the next day and still found fleas on her . Same thing the next day and the day after that . I looked for an expiration date on the package which I thought there had to be , but there was no expiration date . I 'm not sure where they pulled this box from , but it must have been the oldest one in inventory .
 I just want to warn everyone who uses this product that I personally believe that it caused seizures in my 7 year old Boston Terrier . One day after Frontline Plus was applied she suffered a seizure . After the seizure happened , I tried to think what she may have come in contact with that could have caused the seizure . After doing a Google search of `` Frontline Plus '' + seizure '' I found numerous pet owners who believed this pesticide caused seizures in their pets . Please do the same Google search before you continue to give this product to your pet ! My dog had one more seizure 22 days later and since that time has been seizure free .
 I bought the Frontline Plus for my dog from The Pet Plaza one month ago . My dog -LRB- Tse-Tsu breed -RRB- is only 11 pounds . After I tried 2 dosage in one month , my dog still has lots of fleas . The Frontline does not works for my dog .
 We have 3 adult cats and one 50 lb golden Retriever . We used this frontline plus as directed and it is not working !
 This product worked on my dog ... for about 2 weeks . I feel ripped off . I 'll be trying another product .
 I got a cancelation notice from seller several days after my order saying the item was not available . Seller should n't be advertising something they do n't have . If it was just a backorder situation I would have been happy to wait a couple weeks .
 I used frontline on my dog . This is the second time I bought this particular product from Amazon . I think this frontline product is not as effective as it could be . My dog is near the weight limit for this product , but even so , I expected a greater deal of effectiveness in terms of flea and tick control than the frontline presented . It is supposed to be good as a flea and tick deterrent for one month , but he had a tick bite within 3 days . I do n't know if it is because the product has been in the wharehouse at Amazon for awhile , or what it is , but I wo n't be buying frontline through Amazon again .
 First of all , my cats and dog still have fleas . We have a golden retriever and 2 small cats . Used 2 vials for the dog , and 1/2 each for the cats , as directed on the box . The fleas did reduce , but they are still there . So either the product did n't work like it was supposed to or we have a different strain of fleas than the cat and dog fleas.Second , I do n't know if it is because of the medicine or just coincidence , but 3 days after the dose , one of our cats died ! He had diabetes , and ended up dying of kedoacidosis . The medicine may have assisted in the complications of his diabetes which caused the kedoacidosis . SO DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOUR CATS HAVE DIABETES !!! Third , our other cat has lost a lot of hair where we put the medicine on the back of his neck . . Hopefully this will grow back , but right now it 's highly unattractive.I will never buy this product again , and I suggest you be very cautious with your purchase as well .
 I never recived the product that I ordered and the seller didnt respond to my emails . Dont use this company . They charged may card 38.00 and havent refunded my money as I requested .
 It took two extra phone calls to get the complete order correct . I placed an order for for two six packs , but they sent one order with two 3 packs and another two orders of one 3 pack each after I notified company of shipping error . On the positive side company was apologetic for error and very quick to correct the deficiency .
 I have used Frontline for about 4 years now on my 7 year old Malamute/Shepherd mix . Read all directions , applied correct dosages as recommended . May 2011 he developed a lump on his undercarriage . Vet said it looked like infection . Months later , the lump had n't changed and was bleeding . To be sure , the lump was cut off and biopsied . Results one week later revealed that he had a rare aggressive sweat gland/sebaceous carcinoma -LRB- malignant cancer tumor -RRB- . He eats a well rounded diet , is of good weight and walks/runs 2-3 miles minimum a day . Intuition brought me to National Pesticide Information center Fipronil -LRB- the active Frontline ingredient -RRB- fact sheet . To my horror I read , `` A spot on treatment study in dogs and cats detected C-fipronil concentrated in the sebaceous glands , epithelial layers surrounding the hairs , and exposed part of the hair shaft 2 months after treatment , suggesting the passive diffusion of fipronil in the sebum covering hair and skin '' -LRB- Birckel , P. , Cochet , P. , Benard , P. Weil , A. Cutaneous Distribution of C-Fipronil in the Dog and Cat Following a Spot On Administration , Scotland 1996 -RRB- . I have no doubt that the active ingredient in Frontline -LRB- fipronil -RRB- gave my dog cancer . It was n't really much help in tick prevention either . I urge everyone to look into alternative insect prevention without the harsh chemicals/pesticides . I 'd rather spray my dog with smelly herbs daily than have to say goodbye to him prematurely . I only wish that I 'd never given him this stuff to begin with .
 I recieved one headband that consisted of one strap with heavy duty Velcro on it that is about 1/2 inch thick . After I laid down , the thickness was annoying and then it slipped off my head every move because it does not include a secondary strap around your skull . The next morning a sewed an addition strap to it to keep it in place . That solved the slipping problem but still to thick . Threw it in the trash .
 I bought 2 boxes of Frontline Plus from this seller . I was nieve at the time ... After researching the product since my dogs got fleas after being on the Frontline Plus I received , I found the information about spotting FAKES . My boxes have expiration dates on side panels - FAKE!My boxes have weighs in kg . . FAKE . Along with other signs . Do n't buy from this seller - his product is n't authentic & does n't work like real Frontline !!
 I was very disappointed when I received the product . The ad showed a box of Frontline , just like you would get from the Vets office . I received a empty bottle , a syringe and one container of fluid that I needed to measure the correct amount to use for the size of my dogs . Guess thats why it is so cheap , I have not used it - just in case it is not what it claims to be .
 Merial Frontline Plus Flea and Tick Control for 23-to-44-Pound Dogs and Puppies , 6 Doses -LRB- Misc . -RRB- Thought I was buying original package of Merial Frontline Plus Flea and Tick Control for 23-to-44-Pound Dogs and Puppies , 6 Doses as pictured on Amazonseller sent a zip lock bag with a copy of instructions and 2 out of box original vials and a syringe and a bottle of some substance?Not what was pictured in the Amazon page.Also they stated in the Amazon.com Product DescriptionUsing Frontline Plus is a simple 3-step process . First , remove the applicator from the child-resistant package , use scissors or just lift the plastic tab to expose the foil , and then peel down . Secondly , open the applicator , hold it upright , and snap the tip away from your face and body . Finally , apply Frontline Plus by placing the applicator tip through your dog 's hair to the skin between the shoulder bladesSqueeze the applicator to apply the entire dose to a single spot on the dog 's skin.This implied original package and There is no indication of what was actually sent.Very disappointed in Amazon for misleading me on this seller .
 I have been applying the frontline purchased from this company on my dog for the past 3 months . Lately , she has had a rash . I did n't even think it could be fleas because she has been treated with Frontline purchased from this company for the past three months . I took my dog to the vet today because she has been itching and scratching and has a skin infection . All the hair at the base of her tail has fallen off . I thought she might have allergies or even mange . It Turns out SHE HAS FLEAS and an allergic reaction -LRB- dermatitis -RRB- to the fleas . So , the vet told me that most online sellers of frontline either sell old or fake frontline because frontline is only guaranteed when bought at a vet . So $ 265 dollars later , antibiotics , anti-inflammatory shots and having to purchase REAL FRONTLINE from the vet , HERE I AM ... . A VERY UNHAPPY CUSTOMER . Obviously my frontline did not work .
 Normally , I love Frontline Plus for my dog . However , I chose to order this from Amazon because the price was cheaper . This frontline did not work at all . Something was wrong with it . I order alot of `` thinks '' from Amazon and never had trouble before . I have had dogs all of my life , used frontline plus ever since it came out , and it always worked . I ended up buying Frontline Plus from another reliable place and it works `` great '' just like it always did . This was a bad batch .
 I have ordered Frontline for years with excellent results . This is the first time it has not worked-I have fleas all over my house that I can not get rid of . I feel there was something defective with the product this time . I do n't know if it had expired since there was no expiration date-but the product did not work . I am very upset & will not order from this seller again .
 I had been using Frontline flea control on my Yorky for sometime and never had a problem untilthis Spring and Summer . I used it faithfully every month . My groomer started telling me that she would have a flea now and then , I was n't concerned untilthis started happening every month , more fleas . My Yorky started having allergy spots on her from the flea bites . Many dollars later , I switched toComfortis through my Vet , problem solved . I always bought my Frontline through Amazon , `` I 'm just sayin '' . I wrote Merial about my concerns , they must havethrown my letter in the trash , no response . No more Frontline for us . Something has changed and I do n't think it was my dog .
 Amazon was great as usual . Shipping was fast . The frontline plus was a disappointment though . We regularly have our yard sprayed for fleas , plus apply flea medicine for the dog . After trying the frontline plus , the dog was flea-free for a few days , but by 2 weeks was miserable again . She is an outside dog , so this may work differently for an inside one . I will be trying something else next time .
 Before I bought this product , I read all of the reviews on this site and had great expectations that I was getting the best product to control the fleas on 2 pets that I have . -LRB- A small poodle and a Chihuahua -RRB- . Unfortunately , I did not have the same good results that many of the reviewers on here claim to have had . After only ONE week of relief , the fleas were back in full force , multiplying and biting dogs same as ever . I live in Texas and do n't know if maybe the fleas here have just developed an immunity to this product or what , but have to say unfortunately , I have not found a good flea product yet that really lives up to it 's claims of keeping my dogs flea-free for at least one month . Very disappointing.Frontline Plus Value Kit for Dogs 1-22 lbs. , 6 Month Supply
 Ok , so I have a Scottish Terrier that has severe flea allergy and we have used frontlineplus for almost 4 years with no problems , and not one flea.The past few months that I have used this recent order from amazon.com she got fleas at the end of themonth . I am assuming either I got a bad batch , or it did n't work the full month.Either way , I am scared to use frontline plus for her anymore . She got huge sores , whelps , hairloss and it cost me 150.00 in vet bills as well as more money buying other prevention and differentshampoos for her .
 When Frontline/Frontline Plus first came out it was amazing however it seems as though now , the fleas have become immune to it . I thought I would give it one more try in hopes that the makers would have updated their formulas since it was so good when it first came out , but they have n't . This was a waste of money since I still had to go to the vet and get another product to combat the fleas .
 The company/persons shipping this product were Great . no issues there . But i dislike frontline it never works . i get advantage now and is AMAZING .
 I already submitted my reviewI can not believe that some one is actually purchasing Frontlinefor 120 pound dogs & selling it for small dogs with a syringe toget the smaller ml . out of the larger dose.Seems so fradulent !
 Frontline Plus Flea does not work on my dogs . I can still see fleas all over their body .
 I APPLIED THIS TO MY DOGS . A WEEK LATER THEY WERE STILL INFESTED WITH FLEAS AND MERIAL TOLD ME TO GET MY MONEY BACK I WOULD HAVE TO USE IT FOR TWO MORE MONTHS AND THEN THEY WOULD REFUND THE COST FOR ONE MONTH . WHAT MORON CAME UP WITH THAT POLICY ? IT IS N'T WORKING AND THEY WANT ME TO USE IT LONGER ?? ... WHILE MY DOGS ARE SUFFERING ? HAD TO PUT FLEA COLLARS ON THEM FOR RELIEF . MERIAL CAN GO POUND SALT !
 unable to get assistance from amazon , something about this vendor not actually being an amazon company ??????????????? awful shady ... Amazon did take my money
 My Boxer francine was a rescued puppy I got in North Carolina where there was no Lyme Disease at the time . I got excellent Flea & Mosquito Repellent results from a Natural product applied the same way as Frontline . When i moved to Connecticut my Vet convinced me that because of Lyme Disease I needed to put Francine on Frontline Plus . I noticed she was mildly comprimised for a few days after each application but then back to normal . After 6 months on the product she started having problems with not being able to food down but it would subside with human stomach meds , I did not make the connection that it was winter and cold and had stopped the Frontline . She would be OK for a few months and the weather would warm up and I started the Frontline again and by winter she was sick again except worse than the year before . New doctors more tests IV 's for dehydration from vomiting . Vets reccommending exploatory stomach surgery . the 3rd winter the Seizures started along with the vomiting and this time I took her to a famous Veterinary School and Hospital . They said all her x-rays and Ultra-sounds did not reveal any problems in her Esophagus , stomach or bowels . The vomiting was the first form of seizure and her Central Nervous System was shutting down from using Frontline Plus . Last Thanksgiving weekend I had to make the heart wrenching decision to give francine a final release from suffering seizures that could no longer be controlled with Phenobarbital . It did work on the Fleas .
 I recently ordered this frontline plus and after searching in internet believe the product is not labeled for sale in the us and/or is fake ! I will not order flea product from amazon again .
 I have used Frontline on my dogs monthly as directed , for the past four years . This summer our dogs are infested with fleas . I called Frontline and they were extremely rude and said that I was applying it improperly . I 've tried natural remedies -LRB- i.e. Brewer 's yeast + garlic in their food and peppermint shampoo -RRB- , and it is working much better . Save your money and your pet 's health !
 First , I do n't like putting these products on my dogs . They 're so chemical heavy , and I 'm not even one of those people who rant about chemicals.But , the past few years have been horrible tick wise . Dogs were even picking them up just from our back yard . I went with frontline and discovered it did not work against ticks here in NE Illinois . Switched to K9 Advantix and found that worked much better for me .
 2 stars because it worked last year ... had this been my first experience , it would have received 1 star.I used this exact same product last year on 7 cats and one 25 # dog . I buy this size because it 's cheaper than buying a bunch of convenience doses . I just make certain that I get the correct dose by weight of animal . Last year , it worked really well . It took about 4 weeks to really see a huge impact , but it controlled the problem.This year , we have 6 indoor cats , 2 outdoor cats -LRB- sometimes 4 -RRB- and a 25 # dog ... . I started them on it earlier because our insect season started earlier ... no effect ! After 2 doses and waiting 9 weeks total , there was an increase in flea population . I would blame it on the two of us humans , but my spouse reacts BAADLY to flea bites and does n't get lazy when it comes to cleaning as a preventative ! He looks like someone beat him with a flail ... and the itching drives him loopy !! We do n't have rugs , ALLLL wood floor , NOTHING with upholstery or fabric except our bed . He uses diatomaceous earth dust on the floors , then vacuums that up , followed by mopping with bleach and flea shampoo . That he did on a daily or every other day basis ... to no avail ! The animals were still infested . I actually shaved the dog because she chewed her rump bloody !!! After giving the second dose a couple weeks to work , I ordered Advantage II . That arrived , and we waited until it was time to do the third dose -LRB- we did n't want to overdose anyone -RRB- . We can see the difference already ! We have a litter of new kittens that we gave a flea bath to and immediately were reinfested with adult fleas ... after dosing their mother with the new Advantage II , there are not any adult fleas visible on her babies!Don ' t know what happened with the Frontline ?? It failed us this time . Does it expire ?? There are n't any expiration dates on the package ... Frontline , what happened ???
 I 've applied the med per instruction . This month is the second dose . The Big Guy still scratches as if nothing has been applied . I 'll give him the 3 months supply and see how it turns out . If there 's little change . I 'll try a different product for less cost .
 I have used Frontline Plus for many years , and it worked great ... until this summer . I noticed fleas on me mutt three months ago , and it got progressively worse . I even started to apply Frontline every three weeks rather than once a month , but that had zero effect . It got so bad that I went to my vet and she stated that nearly all her patients that used Frontline were experiencing the same problem . It seems that fleas have become immune to Frontline . She recommended Trifexis -LRB- you have to get a prescriptions because it also helps prevent heartworms -RRB- , and within about an hour no more fleas .
 I used the Frontline plus on my dog and it worked for about a week . The fleas returned and I was still seeing them in the house . I was so grossed out by the fleas . We had the carpets cleaned the day after we treated our dog . We ended up getting Advantix K9 from our vet and it has worked and we have not seen fleas in the house . I feel like I wasted money on this product .
 I 've bought this brand from the vet before and noticed an improvement in my dog . So , I 've been putting off buying it again since its pricy . I had to recently give in and buy it because my dog is itching like crazy . Well , its been a few days , and he 's still itching like crazy . This is the first time I 've bought Frontline online and its the first time that it does n't seem to be working !!! I have a smaller dog , usually one drop does the job . I 've put 3 drops now since it is n't having an effect . I dont know if this stuff is old , and the ingredients are n't active . I 'm really disappointed ! Save your money . Im not buying this again : -LRB-
 I did n't read the reviews and if I had I would not have purchased the product . I was expecting individual pre-dosed applicators , not a syringe with minimal doses .
 Why is it so hard to find something that actually works ? They all pretty much do the same thing , kill some fleas while others survive . It seems like a very over priced thing -LRB- flea medication in general -RRB- since it only works somewhat . But better than a total infestation , so we buy it anyway .
 just not on fleas . Does a GREAT job on making a killing on the amount charged for their product though !!!! -LRB- wonder if it 's actually placebo 's ??? -RRB- Just joking of course , but I do wonder what the stuff actually is , as it sure does n't kill fleas . I have an indoor cocker spaniel -LRB- mix -RRB- that barely weighs 22 lbs , so this product for medium dogs from 23-44 lbs SHOULD OF WORKED rather well on my dog . I bought the 3 pack and applied one packet per month until all 3 were used . At the end of 3 months my dog still had the flea problem . I telephoned Merial to complain , and was told by them that you had to apply a 6 months supply to effectively rid the pet of fleas . I then went and bought another 3 pack and applied the same monthly treatment for another continuing 3 months . Bottom line ; Still have the fleas !!! Guess I 'll just use a good flea shampoo and tweezers from now on !!! : - -LRB-
 After applying Frontline Plus for dogs up to 22 lbs according to the directions on my 10 lb chihuahua which I purchased from Amazon , later that evening he was having trouble breathing . Then he began vomiting and had explosive diahrrea . He was staring and not making eye contact and having trouble standing up . I thought it was too coincidental that we had just applied the Frontline Plus and that he was fine before that . We immediately gave him a bath to try to wash off the Frontline Plus and then took him to the vet at 5:00 AM to the emergency center . He was given two needles for the nausea and stomach distress and 2 prescriptions for diahrrea and vomiting and pepcid OTC for acid reflux . The vet said this was an unusual reaction to Frontline Plus and that a virus probably caused this , however , they sell the Frontline product there and I do n't have any doubts that it caused this problem . I decided to read the reviews on this product and saw that other dogs have been having similar reactions . Even though I 've used this product on my dog in the past without trouble , it appears something may have changed with the formula . I will never use this on my pet again . I will also try the Dawn dish liquid today to wash more of it off of my pet . DO NOT PUT FRONTLINE PLUS ON YOUR PET !!!
 Years ago I noticed that within minutes of applying it , my dog became lethargic and decidedly unwell . I reported it to my vet and he poo poo'ed the idea that dogs react adversely to Frontline . Well it happened a couple more times so I played safe and changed to another brand and surprise surprise , no side effects . Then recently , I did not have the other brand but had Frontline in my drawer and my dog was scratching like mad - so I applied it . Within minutes poor fella was acting strange - almost like a fit . I rushed him to the vet and saw a different one on duty . He confirmed that many people had reported their dogs reacting to Frontline . At least that made me feel I was n't imagining things . So , all I 'm saying is , just as with human medication and side effects , if you notice your dog behaving strangely a short while after applying Frontline , -LRB- becoming quiet , lying in his bed for an abnormally long time , shaking his head as if he was trying to get rid of something in his ear , etc. -RRB- you might want to consider something else . No-one wants their dog to suffer.My neighbour swears by Frontline - says she would n't be without it and her dog acts no different when it is applied .
 I have used this product in the past with good results , but this time I was less than pleased to say the least . The medication rolled right off the dog and what was left on her did nothing to repell fleas.Then I was left with a dog who is highly alergic to flea bites unprotected and was out $ 30 + to boot.If I had a video camera I 'd upload a picture of all the flea bites on my poor dog 's stomach !
 I ordered frontline from amazon . It came in a ziploc bag as opposed to the regular box . A week after application I plucked 10 ticks off my dog ! You do the math , something is n't right .
 I 've been using frontline plus for awhile now -LRB- bought it straight from the vet -RRB- . After spending time in the woods or camping I 've found many ticks on my dogs ; most of which have been bit into the skin.I called frontline customer line and told them this . The woman said that this was perfectly normal , and that frontline is not a preventative tick medicine . Frontline works by killing ticks within 24-48 hours of biting into the dog !!! Doing a little research online I found that 36hrs is the average time that a Tick could potentially begin to transmit Lyme disease . Some ticks begin transmitting the disease immediately.Dog owners need to know that frontline is better than nothing , and will kill ticks , but not necessarily before they are able to transmit disease to your dog ... . This fact was confirmed by frontline 's customer support line .
 So we just made the unfortunate discovery that we appear to have gotten a bad or counterfeit batch of Frontline plus . Three days after giving our dog her dose -LRB- we are very good about giving it to her every month , on the day -RRB- she had upwards of 20 fleas on her which have now spread to the carpet and us . I 'm livid.Our vet told us they get a lot of stories like this about bad , counterfeit , out of date or inert batches of frontline being sold . Sadly for us , we get to spend the rest of the weekend flea-bombing the house .
 This flea killer does n't work at all . I put on the first dose and nothing happened . The fleas were still dancing around like crazy and none died . I waited . Two weeks later I put on a second dose . I know the package says not to do that , but If it does n't kill the fleas I really doubt it would hurt the dog ... Anyway , I applied a second dose and those fleas are still alive and kicking ... and multiplying like crazy ... And all this time I 'm also using the flea comb on the dog trying to give the dog some relief . The fleas I caught in the flea comb were just happy campers , not even woozy from the Frontline ! So , it does n't work at all . I want my $ 60 back ! Maybe it 's counterfit or something , I do n't know . But it does not work . I 've now added a flea collar AND still using the flea comb every day and still the fleas keep having more babies ... UGH ! I 'm so tired of this !
 I live in Texas , my vet recommend this flea medicine very highly . It simply did not work , the vet recommend shampoo , treatment of the house , then the yard . It was very costly and still my poor dog suffered with a flea problem . I checked with others and was told that Frontline was simply worthless and that I needed to try K-9 Advantix . It worked on the first application and I have not had another problem ; and yes , I changed vet too ! I would not recommend Frontline to anyone under any circumstance !
 The seller probably should n't put up the picture for the U.S. version of the product and no warning that the actual product shipped will be the U.K. version . It 's cheaper for a reason I guess.I believe the concentration of active ingredient may be different , or at the least , the health and inspection and regulation standards of the U.K. will be different than they are where I am , which is in the U.S. . There was a note on the order form when it was sent that said , basically , if I had failed to notice the warning on the product description and wanted to return it to let her know . I sure as heck did fail to notice it , especially since it 's not there.At least be honest about what you 're selling.I used it and it seemed to work alright , but there is a reason people complain about the difference , as it may not be as effective.The ticks are really bad here and it 's unfortunate protection is so expensive , but I thought I could pay a little less without compromising pet health . I feel like a public service announcement . At least tell people what they 're actually buying and let them decide if they want it or not.This refers to the seller BuddyLove & SuperSqueak ; only .
 The Frontline Plus flea and tick control for 45 to 88 pound dogs was worse than a disappointment . My dog is 50 pounds -- well within the dosage range and become infested with fleas during the second month/dosage of usage . I 'm not sure if the preventative actually worked the first month or if I just did n't notice the fleas until the fleas had multiplied enough for me to easily see them . I also do n't know if I received the same quailty Frontline product through Amazon as a store/vet purchase . I have no reason to think that this was an imitation product other than some suspicions by other reviewers . Regardless , I had to use a flea dip and flea bomb my house . Once an infestation occurs , getting rid of the fleas is quite an aggravation . I 'm trying Advantage II from PetSmart now to see if that will work . Hopefully , something will .
 Like many other reviewers I found this product ineffective . After three weeks and two vials there is no visible reduction in my dog 's flea infestation . Please read the many recent reviews that support this before you buy .
 Although this product says `` Ships from and sold by Amazon.com '' when I ordered it , my order was sent to two `` merchants '' instead . Not only did I not get my items in two days like my Prime membership gives me , but one had not shipped at all three days later and the other one charged me shipping , which is still slow . AT NO TIME did I do anything different than I have a billion times when placing this order so I do n't understand how this happened . I understand how to buy from other merchants and I did NOT do that in this case . The only help I got from Amazon customer service was `` that is how the order was placed , sorry . '' I am VERY disappointed with Amazon for the first time in my 13 or so years ordering from them . Good thing I turned off One-Click ordering .
 Product came in a tube with a syringe . Expected the box with six doses . Very unhandy . Not what I thought I was ordering . Bad advertising .
 I have used this for years without a problem , but I believe that they have changed the formula , because it quit working a few months ago when I bought my new batch . My vet said that they have gotten a lot of similar complaints , and that long time users have switched to other products . I am now using Advantix which works great , and also is supposed to repel mosquitoes , but there have been some cases where Advantix causes a skin reaction in some dogs , so you might want to try a single dose before buying an entire package.I wonder if these mail order purchases are old stock from before a possible formula change .
 Did not work for me this time , has in the past . Maybe have to switch them up from time to time.Package arrived beat up and old looking , might have something to do with it as well .
 Tried Frontline after using Advantage for years -LRB- something different -RRB- and what a mistake . Even after 3 treatments my dog is still biting and scratching !!! Called Frontline hotline and told them about it and all they would say is there is nothing wrong with their product and that there was nothing that they would/could do !!! Should have stayed with ADVANTAGE ... usually done biting and scratching within 12-24hrs !!!!
 Our dog is an American Eskimo and we live in Miami , Florida . We have exterminated the yard , his bedding and had been using the Preventic Collar . We also used Rose Geranium oil , all with no success of the tick infestation on our dog.We finally tried Frontline Plus and it has been a couple of weeks now and we are still having the same tick problem . Adult ticks and baby ticks . It 's not doing a thing to help get rid of the tick problem so far.There are no fleas at all and plenty of ticks on the dog every day .
 The delivery was fast , but one of packages were torn off . It was basically completely open .
 Applied Frontline Plus to my dog on 9/10/10 . A full 7 days later I was still picking fleas off of him . I mean these things were STILL in FULL EFFECT . NOT EVEN REMOTELY PHASED BY FRONTLINE . I took him into the vet on Day # 8 , our vet told us that we were about the sixth case she 's seen this year that Frontline did not work for at all . Apparently , fleas have evolved PAST Frontline 's formula ? I plan on calling Frontline and shipping them the remainder of the product for a refund . Our vet recommended and applied Revolution for us , fingers crossed that this works .
 My dogs have been having seizures on an almost regular monthly basis since they were 4 months old -LRB- they are littermates -RRB- . I only started recently searching about the relationship between Frontline and seizures , and there are SO MANY people whose pets have had seizures from Frontline . Your vet will deny it but there are too many people who have reported it . Sure enough , I realized my dogs were having seizures 1-2 days after each application of the preventative.This product may work well on some dogs , but for mine , the evidence is clear and the Frontline has been causing seizures in my dogs.I 'm switching to a gentler , natural brand .
 I have used Frontline for years , and never have a had problems with the product until now . Not only did I pay for two packages I only received one . I still have not receive my money or the product from this vendor . Also the one product that I did receive it did NOT WORK , my dogs still have fleas .
 Our vet told us this was the only product that would absolutely get rid of fleas , but it did not work . About a week after we applied it to our dog , we noticed that she still had fleas . It says that it will continue to work for up to three months , but it did not for us . I 'm going to try it again after her thirty days are up , just because I still have five tubes left . Hopefully it will work this time ??? We did find an natural spray at Wal-Mart that works pretty good -- no chemicals , either , which is a plus . -LRB- Also , tons cheaper . -RRB- Maybe the Frontline needs several months to work , but based on the results we had with the first application , we are unsatisfied .
 I put Frontline Plus on my dogs May 13 . They continued to be covered with fleas , so I put more on them less than 3 weeks later on June 1 . This is June 22 and I have bathed them several times and used a flea comb to no avail . They are covered with fleas still . I have ordered another brand that has been recommended to my daughter and to me . I will never buy Frontline Plus again .
 My dogs have been having seizures on an almost regular monthly basis since they were 4 months old -LRB- they are littermates -RRB- . I only started recently searching about the relationship between Frontline and seizures , and there are SO MANY people whose pets have had seizures from Frontline -- just do a tiny bit of research . Your vet will deny it but there are too many people who have reported it . Sure enough , I realized my dogs were having seizures 1-2 days after each application of Frontline , like clockwork . -LRB- and all other causes have been eliminated -- they have a healthy diet , etc etc -RRB- This product may work well on some dogs , but for mine , the evidence is clear and the Frontline has been causing seizures in my dogs . Many people have reported that their dog stopped having immediately after stopping using Frontline.I 'm switching to a gentler , natural brand .
 not effective . dog got fleas . went back to buying from the vet . I have never had a flea problem with my dog until I tried to save a little money and buy from here . It was a mess and I felt like a bad parent to my dog . Save yourself the guilt . Just buy at the vet .
 Dose # 1 -LRB- purchased from my vet -RRB- , in June , my 1 year old 20 lb Beagle became very lethargic about 24 hours after application . I mentioned it to the vet , and she said it was n't a side effect of FrontLine Plus . Dose # 2 -LRB- also purchased from the vet -RRB- , in July , he became lethargic the day after application , and the following day he was vomiting all over the house . By the end of that day , he was dragging his back legs as if they were paralyzed . I had to carry him up & down the steps . It was very upsetting ! I called the vet and they again said it was n't the FrontLine and that I should bring him in for xrays and other tests the next day . That night , I did some research online and found a discussion thread 3 years old on Amazon 's website of people whose pets had had the same or very similar reactions to the FLP . THey suggested I bathe him in blue Dawn dishwashing liquid . I did that and by the next morning he was back to normal . Some dogs can not handle the Fipronil in FLP . PLEASE BEWARE !!!
 Why are FRONTLINE Brand Products only available through my veterinarian?It is Merial 's sales policy to sell our small animal products only where a veterinarian/client/patient relationship exists . Merial believes that the veterinarian is the only professional qualified to serve the health care needs of pets , the concerns of their owners and the appropriate use of our small animal products such as FRONTLINE Brand Products.I called and ask how does Wal-Mart get 100 's of 1000 's of doses to sale . `` No Comment , We ca n't speculate on how the get them , WE do n't sell it to them , we sale only to Vets . `` So a company sell millions of your dose against your own policies ? Off to call Wal-Mart to see where they get them from since it 's not the maker -LRB- wonder how many are fake then ? -RRB- I got 2 dogs , order a 3 pack , used two of the three , then seen it was marked Frontline Combo over sea product . They will replace but any return shipping on a $ 10 item -LRB- $ 30 for 3 only 1 left -RRB- to return when it 's not the right stuff NON US is to much and bull .
 I used it for a few years but alas , probably because the fleas acquire resistance , it no longer works . I 've switched to Advantix and it does . Of course , I 'm concerned , societally , that as with antibiotics , it 's an endless battle . I hope we keep developing effective -LRB- and safe ! -RRB- flea controls and antibiotics , but it 's hard to remain optimistic that we always will . Of course , the world may well have ended before then -- for example , some terrorist scientist creating a highly communicable mutated smallpox virus that he released in a public place .
 If you like flees then this is the product for you . Most likely a black market product from overseas . Does not work at all ! A rip off !
 I saw that someone marked this review as unhelpful . They must work for the company that makes Frontline . Everyone who reads this should go do an online search of `` frontline seizures '' ; I read the same exact story over and over , including stories of people whose pets died . I would NEVER give the pets I love a product that had ANY chance of causing a grand mal seizure or death . The seizures my dog started having at 7 years old commenced after I began using Frontline Plus . Within a day or two of application he was having grand mal seizures - which made it difficult to pinpoint the cause . I took him to the vet - blood , urine , fecal matter , kidneys , liver , everything checked ; he is perfectly healthy . I would not recommend anyone use these products . I now give him a combination pill for fleas , heartworm and parasites and he has been fine . It is more expensive - but having a pet is a luxury , not a right , and they cost money.I am not an alarmist or reactionary - this happened three times before I figured it out . He weighs 90 pounds so size is not a determinant . There is too much ancillary evidence to ignore this , in addition to the reality that these products are necessarily poison to enable them to kill fleas . Since I have discontinued the use of Frontline , he has been fine .
 Frontline Does n't work like it used tooUsed it for years then it just did n't work any morei switched
 I never used to have a problem with Frontline , but as of late Frontline has not worked on my two dogs . I do n't know if my dogs have some sort of super flea that wo n't die or what . But I have to apply flea treatment on my dogs every two weeks and even then it does n't work well . I 've never had this problem before . Frontline always worked , but not anymore.I 've read that fleas can become immune to certain products . It looks like the fleas in my neighborhood are immune to Frontline .
 I chose this rating because I paid a fair price for this product and it seems as if it does not kill fleas ! I 'm not sure if they are immune to FRONTLINE or what it is . I am greatful that I had the opportunity to buy this product for my inside dogs who do play outside . I just want to say that even after a really good bath I applied this Frontline and it did not work on either of my pets and I applied it as the instructions stated . Someone else may have different results , I have been using Frontline for years , maybe the fleas in my neighborhood are immune to it , because it used to knock them dead !
 I buy Frontline online via Amazon often for my 3 dogs . I bought from this company , LLC , in February 2012 . I was about to use my last two doses on my dogs yesterday . Both were empty ! I can not understand why . They were both sealed , and I have n't had them long enough to evaporate . Considering how expensive this preventative is , make sure to check your entire shipment upon receiving . I assumed I would be given what I had paid for - did n't expect to be taken advantage of . I ca n't recommend this seller .
 I ca n't comment on how the product works on fleas , because they are not a problem here , but if you are buying this product for the control of ticks , do n't count on it . I have an indoor/outdoor dog that spends most of her time in the woods behind my house . Mind you this is no ordinary piece of property , this is one of the most tick infested places you will find . So when i compare products i can tell if a product is working or not . She does n't occassionally come in contact with ticks , it is on a constatnt basis . I have tried the cheap products and they do not work on ticks at all , so compared to them frontline plus does work better . It does not however get rid of ticks completely . However it does work somewhat . With Frontline plus she will have fewer ticks , but still ticks none the less . Within a week of applying it she will have ticks attached to her , fewer ticks than if she were not treated at all , but the product is definetely not 100 percent effective . Also the product will not keep the dog from bringing ticks into your home , i know this because i am awakened almost every night by a tick that has crawled off of her and now is crawling on me . Trust me , not a pleasant way to get woke up in the middle of the night . So all in all if ticks are not a big problem where you live the product may be alright for you , but if ticks are your main concern , try something else . I ca n't tell you what to try because i am still looking for a product that actaully works as well as they claim .
 Due to our last winter not being cold enough we have really had a big problem with fleas . I 've been treating my pets with Advantix for years and it simply was n't working this year . I read that I should try Frontline -LRB- different chemical , maybe better results -RRB- . But it did n't work either ... I have sprayed their kennels , dog houses etc , even been treating them with DE . There are fewer fleas but they still have some . Will try a different product after this one 's effects have worn off . The Advantage for cats if working great though . Do n't think its the product , but for me it did n't help.Will pray for a cold winter , too .
 This did not work on ticks for my dogs . A week later , I am still finding ticks on them after being treated with frontline . It says kills ticks within 12 hours , this is obviously not the case .
 Did n't seem to do the job the first time . My vet adviced I try using it every two weeks . After using the flea comb , I could n't believe how many fleas that were still on my dog . Front line just is n't working anymore !
 After ordering Frontline we discovered it is no longer effective . Guess fleas have become immune . We 're trying Comfortis and hope it does the job . May try Frontline Plus for ticks .
 At first it seemed to be working . It seemed to get rid of the fleas . None to be found after a few days . Whoo Hoo ! But then after the first 10 days , they were back . I thought the eggs must have hatched that were in the house and they too will be gone after they bite the dog ... nope . The fleas seem to be worse now than before . -LRB- not that frontline made them WORSE -RRB- But the effectiveness seemed to wear off after about 10 days ! That is a huge cost for just a few days coverage . :-LRB- I groom , raise dogs and do rescue work ... . It cost a small fortune to get frontline for everyone and now seems like it was a waste . I have doses for one more round ... hope it does better this time .
 I have two goldendoodles , 65 and 75 pounds . I put the product on about 24 hours ago and noticed some unusual lethargy , which led me to google side effects for the product . I found a page on Amazon for the side effects , so it 's not like the company is trying to hide anything . Still , some people report scary things like inability to walk and worsening siezures . I washed them off -LRB- hopefully that makes the side effects better , not worse , even if it makes the product ineffective -RRB- , and I 'm going to look up some of the herbal remedies people suggest.I live in Colorado , where ticks and fleas are not a bad problem - I had purchased this product for going on a trip to Missouri . If you live somewhere like Missouri , the health risks may be worth it for you - but be warned.I do n't give one star because for all I know the product `` works '' despite its side effects !
 i have been using this same product for years with great sucess . When i used it on my dogs this time it did absolutley nothing , needless to say i am very dissapointed . I did get this product at a good price but i think it was expired . My dogs have more fleas than when i started !!!!! there was $ 70 wasted ! I want a refund !
 I was very disappointented it did n't work as expected.In trying to save money I wasted my money on someting that must be an imatator . I always use this product but what I purchased did n't work.Must be black marketed product
 First it took over a week to receive the product after it was shipped . It has now been three weeks and I do n't see any difference in the control of fleas on my dog . I followed the directions in the package -LRB- it was not rocket science -RRB- and nothing happened . I have also had to continue to use flea spray when I see fleas , to try to control them . I checked the Frontline website for suggestions on what to do . The little questionnaire indicated the problem was probably the dog 's environment . If the environment did not have fleas to start with , I would n't need Frontline . Therefore , I find this product a waste of money .
 I ordered Frontline Plus for my mini schnauzer and it arrived this afternoon . When I opened the package , the box read Pet Armor Plus for Dogs with an added caption , `` compare to Frontline Plus '' . I did n't want to compare something to Frontline , I wanted to use it ! There is a disclaimer on the box that the product is not made by the makers of Frontline . Is that supposed to be good news ? Even when you think you know what you are ordering , you do n't know what you 're going to get .
 I found fleas on my Pomeranian 1 week after treating her with Frontline Plus . I had her groomed and then waited 4 days to treat her with Frontline and followed their instructions explicitly . She is now on Trifexis and not scratching continuously and black specks are falling off of her . My vet 's tech said that they have been getting cases where Frontline has not been working lately . So I bought a 6 month supply of something that does not work !
 I purchased this product because it was Frontline and the price was so much better than the local stores . However the product must of been old . The first time I used it it only worked for two weeks , I was trying to hold out putting a second dose on my dog but he was suffering so by the third week that I had to apply the second dose . The second dose did n't work for more than a week !! Maybe that was only due to bathing the dog and spraying -LRB- plus doing a good vacuuming -RRB- Anyway did n't bother with the third dose , very disappointed , unfortunately I 've been so busy that it has been two or three weeks since the second dose also did n't work and way to long to get a refund . So learn from my experience and do n't waste your money buying this product from Amazon because obviously Frontline is sending their old products .
 I have used advantage with no problem but when Costco had frontline plus the wife picked that up instead.My 6 month old white German shepherd had a reaction today . Started vomiting 1 hour after application . Vomited until he was dry 6 times , then had the runs pure brown water squirting out like a fire hose . He was totally fine in the morning running around full of energy . Now he looks sad and mopes around like he has been poisoned , he didnt get in to anything either . It has to be the frontline plus . There is no way he ingested any of it . I just got back from the vet $ 500 later getting injections for dehydration and washed whatever I could off . He seems a little better now but sleeping all day and night . Not his usual self at all . I hoping he is better tomorrow and will use Comfortis when he gets better . He did n't seem to have any problems with that.Fast forward ... A year later he is doing great , never been sick like this time . I 'm still convinced it was the frontline plus.Be very careful what you put on your dog , this is poison and the complications could be way worse than what you are trying to prevent.If you see issues wash the product off immediately with Dawn dish soap . If they get dehydrated -LRB- very easy to happen -RRB- get immediate medical attention.My Shepherd almost 2 is doing fine with Comfortis only given when we feel it is flea season and he has been flea free .
 I 'm realizing that some dogs just do n't take to Frontline Plus ... It 's just not working on my Springer . I find a flea or two crawling around on her belly or head within a week of applying the stuff . Seriously , I applied a dose on August 16th , 2011 and found 1 on her head and 1 on her belly on August 21st ! And I 'm even doubling up with Capstar tablets ... UGH!I do n't get it . . it worked fine on my Golden . But as for my ESS ... she is not having the best of luck with Frontline Plus . Poor pup ... I 've got K9 Advantix II coming in the mail ; along with a box of borax powder for the carpet & furniture . So I hope we have better results soon . So annoying . I 'm in a constant state of feeling that I have creepy crawly 's on me !
 Put it on my dog and she still got fleas ! Not at all satisfied ! Will not be purchasing this again ! Try Advantage or ask your Vet !
 I used Frontline faithfully on my Shetland Sheepdog up until he passed away in 2003 and it always worked great . I 've recently adopted a little dog and I have been using Frontline through this flea season . I guess I 'm going to have to ask the vet if I can use a different product on her ... she is full of fleas and the yard has been treated . I 'm going to have to get old school with this . Flea combs and flea baths .
 I live in an area with fleas and ticks . Frontline helped with the ticks , but both of my dogs had fleas for the two months I used this product . Just switched to Comfortis and the fleas are gone .
 I used the product before , the product is excellent . But this time , it does not work !! I suspect the product from amazon was either expired -LRB- there is no expiration on the package -RRB- or it is a counterfeit !!
 Lost of potency ? Expired product ? Perhaps it was stored at unsafe temperatures ? I normally purchase this product from costco and have used it for years . I wanted to save money and decided to purchase it from amazon . I ended up spending twice the amount because this product did NOT work . I used Amazon 's frontline for two applications -LRB- 2 months -RRB- and it did not work . I went to costco and purchased a new box and now my dog is finally comfortable . I think the reason it did not work is because it lost its potency . Frontline is great , but this was a Very bad purchase !
 I put Frontline on my bichons in September , and noticed that they still were getting flea dirt . I applied again in October before I left for a two week vacation . When I returned home , the dogs , who were being cared for in my home by my neighbor , were so infested with fleas , they had begun having a horrible allergic reaction to them . They completely ripped the hair off their tails and left a bloody , scabbing mess . Their hind ends were also a bloody matted mess . After a prescription flea treatment , antibiotics , steroids , and the `` cone of shame '' , they are finally on the road to recovery . But no thanks to Frontline . It is useless . You might as well treat your dogs with water . And I just purchased a brand new , unopened package of Frontline from Amazon . When I looked into returning , I discovered that I can not return the product because Amazon considers it a hazardous material . Huh ? VERY DISAPPOINTED in Frontline AND Amazon . -LRB- See my follow up comment following . -RRB-
 When I first opened my pet grooming salon nearly 10 years ago , I would recommend Frontline over every other product . It was the most effective back then . These days ; however , over the last year and a half , I have seen countless dogs and cats whose owners I know with certainty correctly use the product and have found their pets infested with fleas and live attached ticks . Pretty much since they released the Frontline Plus , I 've seen a decline in its effectiveness and many customers ' in distress . And I 'm hearing the same complaints from a couple of local veterinarians . I now steer my customers away from Frontline and continue to seek a safe and effective alternative . Let you know when I do .
 We have been using this product for years on our two cats dogs as well as Frontline Plus for cats on our four adult cats . We have always done regular monthly applications all through the warmer months -LRB- usually March through October -RRB- . This year it totally failed us . Despite the regular applications , our long-haired dog is totally infested . The other short-haired dog still seems to be ok , but all of our 4 cats are fighting fleas . They have scabs from the bites and are constantly chewing at themselves . One has a significant allergic reaction and is now a patchwork of scabs and bald spots where she is desperately itching at the bites.To make matters more exciting , the fleas have additionally infested our home , so I 'm also covered in scabs . If I walk on the carpet , I can see them jump on my legs and I 've got red , angry , itchy bites all over to prove it . I 'm pregnant , so we have limited options for fighting the home infestation , so this could not have happened at a worse time . I will NEVER use this product again . We are currently trying other topical treatments - our vet just recommended Advantage II , so we are praying this provides some relief while we figure out how to non-toxically recover our home from the fleas .
 Historically , my family has had great success with frontline . I do n't want to discourage anyone from trying it because I know it can work -LRB- based on the flea population characteristics your dog comes in contact with -RRB- . We had been using this for 2 months when my dog went to a friends house while we were on vacation . When we got back , he had fleas galore . We put on the next frontline a week early and it did not even phase the fleas on him.We switched to K9 advantix II and the fleas were gone within a couple of days . I know that some fleas are now resistant to Frontline , and that certainly seemed to be the case for the fleas on my dog . I would recommend not buying any more than a 3 month supply at a time in case your dog gets fleas like mine that are n't phased by frontline . If you try Frontline and it does n't work , k9 advantix II might , as it did for me .
 Just a warning ... I ordered Frontline Plus for small dogs -LRB- orange box -RRB- from this seller a few days ago and had the exact same experience as K7014 detailed in their review on 10/26/12 . The product itself was shipped quickly and arrived several days earlier than expected . It came in a bubble envelope so the Frontline Plus box itself was smashed a bit but the contents appeared to be undamaged . The Frontline Plus box is the same type as I 've gotten for years from my vet , however , it contained European Frontline COMBO applicators which look similar but are n't the same and are package slightly different . Of course the applicators had different EPA numbers than what is printed on the box . Clear red flags that something is wrong . I 'll admit , the Euro Frontline Combo look like they may be legit so I doubt it will do any harm to my dog but I 'm not willing to risk it . I contacted the seller with my concerns . They promptly replied with this : `` All Frontline products are packaged in the Merial -LRB- manufacturer of Frontline -RRB- factory in France . There may have been a factory error where the foreign product -LRB- being the same formula -RRB- was packaged for US distribution . I will be checking my inventory to be sure there are no other issues . If you are unhappy with your purchase , please use the Amazon Returns and Refunds feature to return the product . I will apply a full refund as soon as we receive the return . `` Another problem is that it appears you are unable to return this item using the Amazon Returns and Refunds feature . This is the message I got when I tried : `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or useflammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers shoulddispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federalregulations . Customers should contact their local government or local wastecompany for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste . `` I let the seller know this so they provided me with an address to ship directly to them for a refund.Here is the seller information if you want to do a little research : Doc 's Discount Flea Control3395 S Jones Blvd # 24Las Vegas , NV 89146The owner is a gentleman named Mike Gerson .
 This product does not work ! Gave it to 2 dogs and a cat for the 3 month period . They all still have fleas ! Called the company to take them up on their Guarantee and got the runaround and no Refund ! JEREMY the supervisor was no help ! Dont waste your money ! Find another product ! FRONTLINE PLUS DOES NOT WORK ON ALL ANIMALS !
 the stuff has n't been working . i keep hearing that you ca n't trust what you buy online the same way you can if you get it from a vet . i do n't know if that 's true , but the product box WAS open when my package arrived , which was pretty weird . maybe our fleas have just developed resistance , but whatever the issue , the stuff just is n't working for us like it did in years past .
 i purchased frontline as i have many times before . i applied it as directed , no baths or water contact for at least 4 days each time . the product doesnt work on my two dogs . re applied 1 month later and found the same results ; hundreds of fleas . i felt so bad for these two dogs . i called the vet and he recommeded com fortis . its about the same price as frontline . 24 hours later ; not one flea . three weeks later ; still no fleas . i will not purchase frontline again.roll tide
 Do n't know if the fleas got immune to it or the medicine itself is a joke . It did work for the last three months but after purchasing another three month supply the medicine stopped working . Seemed like my dog got more fleas after I applied the frontline on him . Got Capster and Program and this worked really well . Will stick to this for now and see how it holds out .
 If you look closely at the package shown at the seller 's website , it is NOT the US approved Frontline Plus . Ingredients are different `` 100g/L fipronil and 90g/L -LRB- S -RRB- - methoprene '' instead of `` Active ingredients fipronil 9.8 % , -LRB- S -RRB- - methoprene 8.8 % '' , and it shows `` 6 4.02 ml pipettes '' instead of showing `` Contains 6-0 .136 fl.oz -LRB- 4.02 ml -RRB- applications '' . This product is manufactured outside the US and Merial will tell you they can not verify it is indeed their product . I am certain it does not have an EPA number.I would NOT buy this product from this seller for use on my dogs .
 I was trying to find a cheaper solution to the Comfortis flea provention pill I was using , but this product was pretty disappointing . My dogs started scratching within two weeks . I 'm putting them back on the pill .
 I used this product on our puppy , who came to us saturated in fleas . He has been receiving baths every other day to lower their numbers , but I wanted to use frontline to kill and repel the remaining fleas . I applied the product as directly -LRB- between the shoulder blades -RRB- and let it dry . Over the first couple of days , fleas were noticeably dropping off of him whenever he sat still . You could see them twitching on the floor and I was actually getting excited because the product was working so well . However after one week , it seems the effects wore off . The fleas are back at full force , but I have to wait until the beginning of march -LRB- 1 month later -RRB- to apply the second dose . We change and wash his bedding and vacuum the carpets and rugs every day . They do n't seem to bite any of the humans , but they are definitely driving the dog crazy . I live in Hawaii and I understand that high humidity makes flea eggs hatch faster , but I was expecting more than just 1 week protection , especially after the price I had to pay for it ! Overall , if the second dose has the same effect as the first , I will not be buying any frontline products again .
 I was displeased with the product since this is for my daughter 's dogs and I believed I was getting the usual dosage in the usual packaging . Instead I received a single large dog dose and instructions on how to apply this to small dogs . This may be less expensive but I did not know that was what I would receive and would have passed it up to get the expected treatment in the right doses for the small dogs . It seems to be 5 doses , not three , which is a good deal , but it is not as promised and it is not being used as the manufacturer intended .
 I had used Frontline for years without adverse reactions but the first time I used Frontline Plus , my ten year old Havanese became lethargic and lost her appetite for several days . I was concerned , but we had recently moved to a warm climate and the flea problem was daunting , so I used it again on her 32 days later . Again she became lethargic and this time more quickly and severely than before . So after keeping an eye on her for about 10 minutes , I decided to wash it off of her . She immediately perked up and seemed better , although not normal . The following day , she had diarrhea and a decreased appetite . The second day -LRB- today -RRB- she has had even worse diarrhea and a bit of vomiting . She wanted to go for a walk , but slept most of the rest of the day . I wo n't use this product again .
 Have not seen fleas , but have pulled multiple live ticks off of my dog beginning ONE WEEK after application . I have applied this product and ones like it many times - user error is not the problem here . I applied it one month to the day after the previous application , and followed the manufacturer 's instructions exactly . I am very disappointed because I have two doses of frontline plus left , but I have ordered K9 Advantix II for next month and will be disposing of the remaining frontline . Never again ...
 I had previously ordered this same product from a different seller & had outstanding results . We 're now 2 weeks into the first dose & my dogs are as itchy as ever and seem to be getting worse . I am not pleased .
 We purchased Frontline Plus a month ago and have yet to be totally rid of the fleas . We applied it correctly , added borax to the the carpet , sheets , couches , and have been overly clean with our dog with no luck . I was extremely disappointed and would like to get my money back from Merial . I would recommend going to your vet for treatment of a flea infestation . Mine was wonderful and put our dog on a once a month tablet that I saw work in less than an hour .
 Not sure if this stuff has expiration date . Have used product in past with success but this last box I bought has not worked at all . I 've used all 3 treantments after shampooing with flea and tick shampoo but my dog still has fleas .
 This product seemed to work for a couple of weeks at controlling fleas on our indoor dog who only goes out for exercise and to potty . However one morning while combing her I noticed something stuck to her skin and much to my surprise it was a tick ! I thought it was very strange that the tick would be on her and still be alive considering that Frontline specifically states that it is for controlling both fleas and ticks . Moving forward another month and it happened again - another tick . This time I decided that this product just does not stand up to it 's guarantee , nor does it work as advertised . I will not buy again.Have since switched products , and have not experienced the same issue again .
 I have used this product for years , ever since it first came out on the market . It used to work wonderfully for my dogs , even with frequent bathing . Over time , it seems to have lost its effectiveness , and not just with my own animals . I am a professional groomer and a lot of grooming clients have complained that they are still finding numerous fleas on their animals and in their homes , despite months or years of continuous use . I gave Frontline its last chance a year ago , then switched to Comfortis and have n't looked back . I 'm not sure if the fleas are building up a resistance to the chemical , or if there was a change in formula by Merial , but this product does not work as well as some of the newer medications on the market . Think twice before purchasing Frontline .
 i am not usually moved by commercials but i thought this time let me try this frontline plus because my vet doctor said i should n't use the collars that i had bought for my two shih tzu 's because the chemicals on them were too strong for my dogs . i was very angry after i tried frontline because it did not work at all . at least the eight dollar collars worked . i do n't like throwing my money away , that was a sacrifice , and believe me i wo n't do it again.Frontline Plus For Dogs 0-22 Lb , 6 Pk
 I have been using frontline in this house since we moved in 13 years ago . I have four dogs and six cats and I never had fleas ~ never . Last year I had fleas for the first time and figured it was just a fluke or something . I treated the whole house and finally got rid of them . This year I even started the Frontline a month earlier and I got fleas again this summer ! I do n't know if Merial changed the formula of this product or the fleas have evolved to the point where they are immune to it 's effects , but either way this product no longer works . I 've had several friends mention problems with it as well . I will not be purchasing this product again !
 This product does not work well at all . I found fleas on my dog continually . I found out later that my vet does not recommend frontline .
 I have been using Frontline Plus on my dogs for the last 9 years . But when I purchased this box of Frontline Plus it did not control any fleas at all . My doggies are covered in fleas and they are scratching and licking themselves raw ! It is so bad they are having to wear e-collars . I really do n't know which product to use now since Frontline Plus is the LEAST TOXIC of all the flea medications on the market today . I called Frontline and asked if they had changed their formula but the customer service rep said they had n't . I told her I thought I had received a bad box because it had always worked in the past . She did n't seem to care ! So I returned the unused tubes . I will not longer recommend or purchase Frontline plus ever again !
 This stuff seems to make no difference at all . I 've bought it from several sources including the vet , Amazon , and Costco . At 10 bucks per application I 'm thinking someone is getting rich selling oily water.We have two labs and a golden . The dogs stay mostly in the house and fleas have never been a problem before this year -LRB- probably the crazy mild winter -RRB- . I hate chemicals but we 've had to treat the yard , house , carpets , furniture . I wash their bedding and vacuum at least every other day . They get Sentinel for heartworm + fleas . I use a flea comb and baths with flea soap . I tried many herbal products but they absolutely do n't do anything ; at least with the flea soap I can see the fleas dying and getting rinsed off . Poor Poochies !!! In years past I remember using a horrible product that left an oily patch on the dog 's shoulders for weeks but this stuff seems to disappear within a couple of days . It 's gone in a day if I let them swim in the pool , even though the packaging claims it 's water resistant . So my pool is probably toxic , too . After spending a few hundred bucks so far I wo n't be buying this again .
 This review may be quite lengthy , but as an Amazon consumer , I recommend that you thoroughly read and understand this review , as I guarantee it to be worth your time and the health and safety of your pet . Frontline Plus for Dogs when packaged and sold properly -LRB- by most Veterinarians and most reputable companies -RRB- works as it is described to work . For those instances , I would give the product a 5 star rating . But being that this is a consumer review of Frontline Plus for Dogs for the marketplace of Amazon , I would like to bring a particular experience that I became a victim of , to the attention of the consumer.Merial produces the product named Frontline Plus for Dogs -LRB- of various weights -RRB- for US consumers and for the consumers in International markets . Products produced for US distribution are EPA approved . Products for International markets , are not EPA approved . EPA , in this instance , stands for Environmental Protection Agency . This agency sets and enforces rules and standards that protect the environment and control pollution . If a manufacturer produces and distributes EPA and non EPA approved products , it seems like a safer option to administer the EPA approved product.Here goes the story of how I fell victim to a fraudulent sale of Frontline Plus for Dogs through a Seller / Store utilizing Amazon : Upon receipt of a Merial Frontline Plus for Dogs product from a Seller / Store on Amazon , the packaging appeared identical to those sold by my previous Veterinary purchase as well as a previous purchase of this product from Amazon directly . While the outside appeared legit , the inside contents had me on alert instantaneously . Here are a few of the red flags that came to mind
 DISCOUNT FLEA purchased this product from the UKat a cheaper price . it is NOT epa regulated or inspected ! also , i read over and over that the UK versions are hard to detect a phoney product ! that is scary ! the seller shoul have disclosed that it was uk PRODUCT SO I COULD THEN DECIDE IF I WANTED TO BUY IT ! I WOULD not HAVE ! CONSIDERING I BOUGHT 6 ! almost 200 bucks worth of ????? . THE SELLER ALSO SWITCHED BOXES ! if you research , the UK box is quite different . YET the seller states that this product has been factory sealed ? LIE . if someone -LRB- a seller -RRB- switches boxes , and repeatedly lies , and does not diclose honest product info ??? why should i believe it is a real product ! i will not contact them , for the simple fact that these complaints were not made by mistake . they were all made on purpose , and because they think all buyers are stupid !
 This product does not work . I 'm not sure if it 's counterfiet , if it may have been exposed to less than ideal temperature conditions , if the manufacturer changed their formula , or if for some reason my dog 's system that handles this changed . Frontline Plus worked fine for my dog last year but about 2 months ago I applied it and my dog had fleas within 2 weeks . Last application was about a week ago and she had fleas yesterday - this time I was careful not to bathe close to application -LRB- before or after by 3 days each -RRB- . I 'm not happy with the situation and will buy Advantix from my vet instead .
 I have used frontline for years , and I think that this is a knockoff of the more expensive stuff in the stores . one of my dogs has a severe allergy to fleas and self mutilates in a matter of hours when he has them , requiring steroids . Since 2 years ago I have faithfully used this product and always am impressed by how well it works when purchased for 50-60 dollars from my local store . I tried this out online , and the package seemed cheaply made , and the dogs -LRB- BOTH -RRB- did n't respond to it at all ! I will go back to the 50 dollar version at my local store !
 I have been using Frontline on my dog for 3 years and it has always worked as intended , until now . This time it did absolutely nothing to control the fleas on my dog . At first I thought it was just taking longer than usual to work , but it never did kill a single flea . I asked around and many people have experienced similar problems with Frontline . One person described it as , `` Either the fleas or the dogs are becoming immune to Frontline . '' It was suggested to me to try Advantix next ...
 OK , I hate to leave negative feedback , but Frontline just does n't work . It only works for 7-10 days , and the fleas start coming.I 've had my dog for only 6 months , and I started using Frontline Plus right away . As soon as the weather started getting warmer , I started dealing with flea problems . I thought maybe the Frontline I got off of eBay had gone bad or was fraud . I bought some on Amazon , and it was the same . It only works for 10 days max , then the fleas start coming back . Now I got fleas in my apartment and have to deal with chemicals to get rid of them.I took my dog to the vet yesterday and she said a lot of customers are saying the same thing to her , and recommended I change the treatment to another brand.Stay away until they get their act together .
 It arrives unpackaged and is just a brown vial with typed up instructions . I am trying to get a refund now .
 I tried frontline on my dog since it has so many good reviews , but it did n't work on my dog , because I still see ticks and fleas on my dog even after the third application -LRB- and I did exactly what the instructions said -RRB- . I read somewhere that frontline is not 100 % effective because some ticks and fleas have become resistant to it . I 'm gon na try a different product ...
 As another reviewer indicated , this seller has been passing a 6-month supply of product off as a 3-month supply by misrepresenting what is being sold . After lengthy discussions , the seller has -LRB- for now -RRB- addressed the issue on THIS product . While the issue has been addressed with this product , the seller continues to engage in deceptive practices with other products it is offering for sale . As such , I would urge any potential buyers to avoid this seller .
 The Frontline Plus that I received was not in a box that was packaged by the manufacturer . They were individual syringes in a zip-lock bag . I do NOT feel safe administering this product to my dog . I would not recommend ordering this product .
 I bought Frontline Plus here and NOTHING happened to the fleas . Checking on the Internet I read about COUNTERFEIT Frontline and when I bought Frontline from Petco I could see the difference . Fake ones are in metric , ml , not oz and the packing differs from the original , etc. . There 's a PDF online from EPA explaining the differences . Just be aware .
 I did not get the product I ordered . I did get a Frontline product but not the Frontline Plus . I will not be ordering Frontline from Amazon again .
 I purchased 2 of Frontline Plus Dog 45-88 Pounds ,6 Months , from FleaZapper through Amazon.Com . Please note that my medications were outdated and expired . They , -LRB- FleaZapper -RRB- attempted to cover the expiration date on one box , but I was able to read through it . I was so disappointed . I gave the company 1 star because it does n't allow me to give it no stars !!! I will never buy anything from their company again.Respectfully , M.M.Minder
 The box has a different photo and packaging then that advertised . It is in kg and made for the Australian market by Merial Australia . I bought 2 boxes - both were already opened . Leaves me concerned .
 i have used frontline for years on my dogs and cats but recently it does not work , i have bought it from several places thinking one batch was no good , but they are all ineffective , so disappointed in this product that was once so good . will never buy again .
 Not knowing any better , I treated my 20 lb . rescue , mixed breed with Frontline Plus for several years . I would stop treatment in the cold , winter months thinking I 'd give his system a break . Upon resumption of treatment , my little guy had a seizure -- eyes rolled back , involuntary shaking and tremors -- lasting about 30 seconds to a minute . The second time it happened it dawned on me that it must be a reaction to either Frontline or heartworm treatment . I stopped applying Frontline and there have been no seizures that I 'm aware of -- and I 'm with the dog 24-7 . The Frontline was purchased from the vet and I reported the problem to him . He said he 'd had other reports of the product causing problems or simply not working . I would advise anyone to Google flea prevention and read about what we 're administering to our pets . There are safe alternatives . We do n't need to poison our pets for our convenience .
 `` I was displeased with the product since this is for my daughter 's dogs and I believed I was getting the usual dosage in the usual packaging . Instead I received a single large dog dose and instructions on how to apply this to small dogs . This may be less expensive but I did not know that was what I would receive and would have passed it up to get the expected treatment in the right doses for the small dogs . It seems to be 5 doses , not three , which is a good deal , but it is not as promised and it is not being used as the manufacturer intended . `` Couldnt agree more with this !
 I do n't know whether they 've changed the recipe or what , but despite application , my dog is still absolutely covered with fleas and is going completely nuts . What a total waste of money !
 We put Frontline on both our dogs and our cat -LRB- the feline version , of course . -RRB- We flea-bathed them first . We vacuumed well , and washed bedding . Two weeks later , they all still have fleas , and I 'm still getting bitten around the house . I tried their 800 number , on the packaging , but only got very elaborate multi-level voice mail , which is maddening . I tried their website , and again , there 's no way to communicate with a live person , not by email , nor by chat . Apparently they 're doing their best to dodge consumer feedback.I did go through their online `` why do we still have fleas '' quiz . According to that , we still have fleas because -- shock , surprise -- there are still fleas outside . Apparently you have to somehow magically be transported to a flea-free environment , or never let your animals outside , not even for a walk , for Frontline to be effective . It seems to me that a flea treatment that does n't work where there are fleas is worthless garbage.I 'm particularly irritated because , like most people , we are on a painfully tight budget these days . Paying this sort of money for a product that simply does n't work , and has zero customer service , is maddening . Worse , I 'm going to need to spend even more money on something else . I sure as heck wo n't ever buy Frontline again .
 I really did n't want to use any kind of chemical product on my dog , but after waging a losing battle trying to go all natural , I finally gave up and just used Frontline . I bought my Frontline Plus at the local Agway Feed and Seed store . 48 hours later , my dog is STILL itchy and miserable - and still covered with as many if not more fleas than before!When I called Frontline , I was told that the only REAL Frontline must be purchased through veterinarians and if it was NOT purchased through a vet , it is FAKE ! I 'm livid that I bought mine from a store that is a large chain and it 's probably fake.I would caution anyone buying online - you may be getting a counterfeit product . My dog is miserable and I do n't know what to do . I 'm afraid to re-treat him with something else since he was just frontlined . He 's on Sentinel which seems to be doing nothing to the flea population here either ... : -LRB-
 I ordered this product for my dogs and it had said the product was frontline plus . When I got my package it said I had ordered the older version front line I will not buy from this company again .
 The item I was sent was not the same as the image advertised . Apparently this is a French or British version of the same product . I do n't know if that is the case or not . I would not have ordered this if I had known . I paid for what I thought was the image shown . After receiving the item , I saw that the description did say this , but the seller should use the picture that matches the product .
 Unfortunately frontline plus did n't work for our dog , the first two daysafter application fleas decreased but by day 3 our poor pooch was overtakenby flees again.Since the pesticide was in his system we had to wait another 4 weeksand than applied advantage and thank god it worked like magic.Otherwise service was excellent , fast shipping and refund was given .
 My dog has been on this products for close 2 years . This year the weather is hot and cold . He got to go doggy parks a lot . My daughter washed my dog charlie hair and get him a hair cut . There were many fleas running all over his body . She thought perhaps I forgot to put Frontline Plus on him . Actually , I 've put it on every 1th of month . She put another one on 9/8 . Still yesterday I saw more fleas and I was getting bites all over my ankles as well . What a stupid product ! It was just a $ $ $ suckers ! Never works ! I 'd to go out buy flea shampoo and flea spread . My friend told me K9 Advantix work better ! I hope that is not another money sucker product !
 I just received a box of this from Amazon . I ca n't find an expiration date anywhere on the box . They have a label over part of it . So now I am nervous that they may be covering up a too soon or already expired date . How do you contact Amazon and ask about your purchase ?
 I have an Akita , a Catahoula and a tabby cat , all indoor animals , except for trips out for walkies . We live in the country and started having an issue with fleas . I started out using BioSpot because I do n't like using chemicals in/on my animals . When the BioSpot was n't doing the trick , I tried this Frontline Plus thinking it would take care of the fleas on the dogs . Two weeks later and they are still plagued by so many fleas that you can see the flea dirt.I find it ridiculous that a product such as this does n't work as intended , especially considering the cost.I just received an order of Advantix and I 'm going to try that !
 My roommate had a cat with fleas and then they infested the house . We immediately treated her with Frontline and the house with foggers . I vacuum everyday and those little buggers are still in my house and biting me , badly . The cat gave fleas to my friend 's dog who we also treated with Frontline . I also used a carpet spray a week after bombing . Nothing seems to help!After a month on Frontline I see no relief on the pets or the house , like the product promises . I do n't have the patience to wait another 2 months I 'm switching to K-9 Advantix II for the dog . The cat is no longer with us.Currently I still vacuum , am planning to fog the house again , use carpet spray , and have been LOVING Capstar for the times when the the dog is completely infested . Nothing makes me happier than to see adult fleas , however , it does not kill the young ones I can still see them running around.Hopefully Advantix II does the trick and the second phase of the house will take care of the problem.I 'm so frustrated . I think I 'm getting more bites than the dog.I did hear that Frontline worked for many years and recently there was a component that changed and now it 's less effective than previous years .
 I do a lot of comparing before I buy anything , maybe too much . Something in the ad I read led me to believe this was a years worth of medicine . I even showed my wife that they must have 2 month doses.I thought it was a decent price for a years worth of medicine , it saved me a few dollars over buying the 6 month supply twice.Today I received an auto mailer from amazon with things I may be interested in and it showed a picture of the same thing I bought but for ~ 1/2 the price . I would not make that mistake and no other Amazon customers would either.This is the 1st review they are getting and Amazon probably will take them off the sellers list.I do not feel Amazon is responsible at all for this.I have never given a negative review before this.If this was a print error from the supplier and the problem is rectified this review will replaced with my normal positive feedback .
 Frontline is great and my dog needed the flea medicine ... it 's just too bad that Amazon took over two weeks to deliver the product . I could have ordered from another website and gotten it in 3 to 4 days with free shipping .
 The product never arrived . I am wondering if I will ever get a refund or the shipped will contact me to reship to the correct address .
 I purchased the Frontline Plus because for some reason I was under the impression that it was the best flea preventative on the market . So far I have used 2 months worth of the product with no results . My dog still scratches frequently throughout the day and night . I will give him a bath , apply the monthly dosage of Frontline Plus and he will continue to scratch at fleas the entire month . I want a refund !
 I ordered Frontline Flea medicine and I never received product.I called company and they told me it had been delivered but ... I never received it . It was either delivered to wrong address or taken from my mailbox . The company basically said too bad .
 I bought Previcox and sent in for $ 15 rebate and was sent a letter of refusal from Merial . This is the second time this has happened . I will never buy Merial products again . I 'm sure it is more trouble to send a refusal letter than to just send a check . When I called their help number the line went staticy and I was hung up on . Terrible customer service.The Merck/Merial Manual for Pet Health
 Just got Frontline Plus for dogs , could n't believe the difficulty opening the package . Do n't care for the applicator , could be designed better . My dog has thick underhair , instructions say to apply right down to the skin , was UNABLE to get down that far -LRB- Golden Retriever -RRB- . Ca n't say how effective it 's going to be . Hope did n't waste money , this stuff is really expensive !
 I hate to give such a negative review to a product that has been great in the past , but after talking with my vet Frontline just does n't work anymore . Apparently , since it is the oldest of these topical flea and tick preventatives , the bugs have just developed a resistance to it ? I went through two doses and the fleas were only getting worse . So , I definitely do n't recommend anybody buy this product . I think it still works in some areas , but it certainly did not work for me in the South .
 I rated this vendor 1 star only because I had no option.Product has not arrived yet and it has been over 30 days . My dogs have a bad case of flea infestation and wanted this product asap but I was informed by the vendor that nothing can be done till after the 30 days period has passed.I need to have a replacement sent to me asap or my money should be credited back to my card . I am very disappointed with this vendor and will not be placing another order with them again.I would have not directly dealt with this vendor but since it was on Amazon I placed an order as I shop regularly with Amazon without a problem.I will not be shopping with Amazon either if this issue is not resolved immediately.Thanks , Shilpa
 not happy ... . ordered this exactly one month and 1 day ago and still have not received it . I have already rec 'd other merchandise from others that I ordered 5 days ago . I think pony express was faster .
 The seller was great with getting the product to me . But the overall product did not get rid of the fleas . I had to go and purchase a different brand .
 The box is correct for Frontline Plus , but when you open the package the tubes are marked Frontline Combo which is not the same as Frontline Plus . I sent an email to the vendor , got no response . I threw it away as I will not use a suspect product on my dogs and ordered elsewhere from a reputable company . This is an example of when the cheap becomes expensive or if you do not read the back of the product before applying to your dog might be deadly .
 I can not say the product is not the same as the one made in France for US consumers , but as soon as I opened the envelope and saw only metric system being displayed on the package , I knew its not the same I 've been buying here in US . Front of the package was in English , and there was a little insert inside the package in English as well , the rest , I have no clue what language that was , the entire back of the package must be in some language used in South Africa.Again , can not say the product will dot work the same , yet there was mentioning of South Africa and what part it plays in this product ... honestly , would be disappointed if it was made in Africa ... and I bought 2 packages as the price was very reasonable .5 stars for the shipping though , we 'll packaged A + + + .
 I have been putting Frontline on my cats and dog for years and swore by it , however , after two applications the last batch of Frontline did not eradicate the fleas from my dog this season . I am so disapointed . Now I will have to find another product that worked as well as Frontline did .
 I ordered 2 different colors of the same toy . I think this one was shipped used since it was not in the package and the elastic is stretched out on it . The other one is great .
 Got it delivered today , took it out and started to play tug of war with my 7 month old pit bull . I heard a rip & before I knew it , it had tore along a seam & the stuffing and squeaker were pouring out . Reba the Rottweiler did n't have this problem so I can honestly say Wiley is terribly constructed . Do n't waste your money on this weenie dog !!! Very disappointed !!!
 I had used this product before and was very pleased . However ordered through Amazon and Entirely Pets , product expired by 5 months arrived . Making a buck is apparently more important than quality and health of pets .
 Took way over two weeks for the bag to arrive just to find out they expired 6 month ago . Site ays shipment weight 11 oz , package that arrives is only 2.4 oz . Do not recommend to anyone to order from this site and for this price .
 Purchased a couple of these to try out . Were vacuum packed in plastic individually and terribly hard to open . They were very small in size for the price and the dogs ate them within a minute . Usually a regular 8 '' -10 '' lasts them for 10-15 mins . Would not buy again for that price .
 This &#34; treats &#34; smell so bad , I could barely stand opening them to give some to my cat , and my cat , who is not really finicky could stand them even less . She smelled them , turned away and would not eat for the life or her ! I have vowed never to buy from this brand anymore . Unfortunately , since I opened the bag I do not even think I could get reimbursed ! And that is a real shame .
 I opened up the product when it arrived . It smells like oily machinery . I thought maybe my sense of smell might have been off and raised the package up to my cat 's face . He actually cringed his nose and ran in the other direction . Since opening a package and offering it up to him to see his reaction is usually the solid gold moniker for knowing if he 's going to like the new treat , this was definite proof that it was n't just me . The package was n't expired and in fact had a long period of time to go before that would happen . Bad batch ? I 'm not sure ... but I wo n't waste the money on this product ever again .
 The large bird seed is getting to be like mediumbird seed . What happened to the peppers , peanuts , and pellets that used to be in it ? The seeds are very small . My birds do n't like it .
 Not the quality I get of Hartz brand at Walmart . Very disappointed with this orders quality . I will not order this again .
 it 's bird food but it 's more appropriate for wild birds or maybe a large mixed aviary -LRB- generally healthier than caged birds -RRB- with parakeets , cockatiels and ground birds . I was not happy to see large pellets that looked very much like monkey biscuits as they are allowed bacteria levels that are unhealthy for parrots - healthy for moneys who can handle bacteria like humans can - but maybe they are n't monkey biscuits or maybe they were irradiated or some other treatment to make them appropriate for parrotsTONS of tiny black sunflower seeds tooOverall I think I was cheated because I wanted what is commonly called large parrot food -LRB- peppers , large seeds , dried carrots etc -RRB- . it 's the poorest quality food I 've ever seen intentionally sold as large parrot food but since the seeds themselves are in good condition I think they just need to be more honest in the description
 The seed I ordered was pictured as Hartz `` Select -- Diet for Parrots '' -LRB- Green and orange parrot on wrapper . I have used this seed mixture for my conures for the past two years and like it very much -LRB- because my conures like it ! -RRB- The product I got was Hartz -- `` Bird Diet for large birds -- Amazons , African Greys , Cockatoos etc '' -- the wrapper features a white cockatiel . The mixtures in the two products are almost totally different . The one I received is full of very large , hard `` fake peanuts '' -- which my little conures can not hold or eat . I am trying to use the food since I did n't want to pay to shipit back , but am throwing away much of it . I will not order again from you .
 well its a month later and every cat still has fleaswill not buy again with these results i could have tried something a lot cheaper
 I was very upset to find that several monthly doses were leaking before I even opened the packaging , making them useless , and requiring my buying extra doses .
 My cat tried to get a few chomps in , but then could not be coerced to eat them , even when cut into smaller pieces . Seemed pretty hard , but ok smelling . Definitely , two paws down .
 Just got them a few days ago for my 3 kitty-cats . And out of the 3 , only one kitty has shown some interest in chewing these treats . I am also afraid now in case the kitty that tries to chew them choke the bits in her throat as it is very hard and not as soft as I wished for them to swallow them .
 I have TWO cats that like to chew on cardboard , paper , wood , pens , pencils . . but wo n't touch these AT ALL ! I tried to microwave them and bend them so cats could reach better but they still had NO interest at all ! I thought these were an AWESOME idea but sadly , not for my cats !
 My kitten is n't very interested in these . The shape seems to appeal to her somewhat , as something to bat around , but she does n't chew them . They are very , very thin and stick straight -- unlike the image which looks thicker to me and irregular . They are so thin and straight that they look somewhat dangerous -- like the cat could hurt herself if she got the end in her mouth just so . I 'll probably throw the rest out or give them to my daughter to see if her cat likes them . However , he is n't the biter -- my cat is . This did not help with my problem .
 The manufacturer apparently thinks cats are the same as dogs . Cats , I have found , do NOT like chew sticks espcially ones that are so hard you cant even break them with a hammer !
 These chew treats came nicely packaged in a resealable container and looked perfect . I was so excited to give one to my cat but no matter how much I tried , she would not touch the thing . She is not a fan but perhaps other cats will be .
 I thought this would be great for my 5 month old kitten who seems to be chewing everything but he spit it right out !
 If there had been 0 stars I would have chosen it.I am a pet trainer and I have a deaf dog in my class . I bought this collar as an aid to training . I tested it when it came in and it was exactly what I was looking for . I took it to work and my manager asked if she could see it because she has a deaf boxer . I handed her the collar and tapped the button . NOTHING !! After a few more tries I took it apart and saw the following . `` Shelf life of batteries is 18 mo. '' and `` date of manufacture is stamped on the bottom of the battery . '' I checked and the date was 2007 . No problem - I 'd just get new batteries . I installed new batteries and the collar worked . I tapped it twice and then laid it down . After 15 min . I tried it again and the batteries were drained . I called the company twice and emailed them twice with absolutely no response from them . I am now going to turn them into the BBB and put a blog on-line . Material can be defective ; but , the company should fix or replace it . DO N'T BUY THIS !!
 Supplier was great quick responces and helpful . Product was defective , but Manufacture failed to answer repeated phone messages.Have gone to different manufacture , would think twice about Pet Zip for anything .
 The bowl itself is very nice and the name plate is right but it is much much smaller than I could have ever dreamed . We actually did n't even get to use it because our dog was just too big for it .
 By the title , you should get the hint of what this product is all about . First af all , I have fed this Duck and Potato dry food to my dog for 4 years and never had a single issue , in fact she was a heathly vibrant dog with great vitality during that period . I bought 4 large bags about 5 months ago , because I like to keep a nice supply on hand . After I fed her from a freshly opened bag , I was greeted with a bloody diarrhea crime scene all over the house at 3:00 in the morning . Actually , it was more blood than stool and I freaked out not knowing what was going on , she was then shaking uncontrollably in discomfort . I took her to the vet and $ 200 later after all the tests , we found nothing . I put her on a strict chicken and rice formula for a month and she was just fine , so I decided to start feeding her the same Natural Balance again , not knowing it was the food doing it and the same nightmare happened again -LRB- bloody mucusy stool -RRB- . Another month of Chicken and rice and no problems . Well , tonight I mixed in literally 15 small pieces of that Duck and Potato with a bunch of rice and chicken and I can already hear her stomach gurgling like it did before . I promply gave her an anti-diarrheal just to be safe , but i 'm watching her close and it 'll probably be another sleepless night of cleaning up a disaster zone.I just finished reading other reviews tonight on the net about other people having similar problems and it 's all because this company changed their formula . I think the `` new '' formula is worse than that tainted malamine food that got in the supply a few years ago . My pet store wo n't return the bags I have , because I never thought about keeping the receipts from a product I 've used for soo many years without problems , now I have to eat another $ 200 and toss this junk on the garbage . I wo n't even consider giving it to my neighbors dog , because I 'm not the sadistic type.This product should be recalled and it 's not healthy for any dog . Even if it seems the dog might not be showing bad symptoms , it ca n't possibly be good considering what my dog has gone through . Shame on you Mr Patten for cutting corners and you better come out with a formal apology for this mishap . I am using several types of your canned food at the moment -LRB- except the duck and potato canned food -RRB- and the are no problems this those -LRB- yet -RRB- , but rest assured I 've lost faith with the reputation of your company and will move on to other healthier avenues for my dogs dietary needs .
 Our boxer was on Natural Balance Duck and Potato for years and did very well on it . After they changed the formula , he experienced horrible vomiting and diarrhea . He has also had an major increase in skin irritation -LRB- ear itching and paw chewing -RRB- . The change in the formula was not made apparent by the company for months . Later they indicated the changed with a small sticker on the bag . Very disappointed in the company and hoping that no permanent damage has been caused to our pup .
 I wish I listened to the other reviewers who warned about the diarrhea . This gave my dog bloody diarrhea ! I would n't feed this to your dog , please avoid it . I 'm going back to my old food .
 I have been feeding this dog food to ny dogs for two years without incident.I am so glad I read these reviews because recently I noticed the food looked different when I poured it into my dog 's bowls . Soon afterwards I had several of my dogs coming down with recurring bouts of bloody diarrhea . I had no earthly idea what could have been causing the trouble . I just logged onto Amazon to see about automatic shipping of this food and discovered that this brand did in fact have a new fomula change -LRB- unbeknownst to me -RRB- and that others have been having the same bloody diarrhea in their dogs since the formula changed . I will never ever buy this dog food again ! I will never recommend it again . End of story !
 My dog NEVER refuses food . For years she 'll eat pretty much anything , but not this . That , combined with some of the other frightening customer reviews , worries me . Maybe it was once good and they changed the formula , or maybe my experience is just a fluke . But for whatever reason , my hungry dog would rather eat just about anything that I 've ever given her instead of this food .
 I read all of the reviews I could find about this food , and despite the warnings , we started one dog on this food because of suspected grain allergies . His ear/paw infections quickly cleared up and he seemed healthier than ever . We fed him this for about 6 months without a problem . About a month ago , we decided to transition our other dog onto it , as well.About 3 weeks ago both dogs started to get very sick - the worst diarrhea I 've seen . It started with one dog , so we took him to the vet . After screens for parasites and bacterial infections turned up nothing , and antibiotics were n't helping , the other dog also became ill . On the off chance it was the new bag of food we had recently opened , we fed them something different one day . Within 24 hours both dogs were fine . I do n't know if it 's simply inconsistencies in their production , but I can not take the chance that I might poison my dogs with a bad bag of food . We will no longer feed them any Natural Balance food .
 This food was the best out there until Spring 2009 , then they changed the formula . If you check the website , they admit they lost their access to the `` quality '' duck protein they were using . Easy way to tell was the food went from light brown to greenish . That , and after your dog eats the new formula , he will throw up and have diarrhea all over your house . I have two mutts , neither of which are picky eaters . Both of them chose to starve , rather than eat this food after the formula change . When combined with the fact that Natural Balance was part of that Chinese dog poisoning issue a few years back , I do n't trust this company not to kill my dogs.By the way , if you buy it from PetCo , you will never know , since this food is a good seller , and PetCo has been editing its reviews of the product to delete anything that puts people off the food . They should be ashamed of themselves , and I wo n't be getting food there , anymore.Do yourself and your dogs a favor and avoid Natural Balance Ultra .
 I 've been buying Natural Balance Duck and Potato for my dog for over 2 years . This is the first time I 've every purchased the dry dog food from amazon , and probably the last . This batch was over cooked , has a burnt smell to it . The food is usually a light brown color , this is a dark brown color . Marley is a picky eater , and still eats it , but I would recommend staying away from getting is directly shipped from amazon .
 I purchased this food assuming my dog would love it , but he totally hates it . And when he does eat it because I am feeding it to him he gets really bad diarrhea even with a small amount . I will NEVER purchase this food again , it should be call Diarrhea Balance .
 Too many round wooden toys - bird can not get a grip on them . Would be better to have flat wooden toys instead . Cookies and nuts were fine .
 This toy is NOT virtually indestructable . We have a 70 lb lab mix who got pieces off of it literally within 5 minutes . If your dog is a chewer this is definitely not a toy you should give them .
 These hooves are not trimmed as shown in the picture . I even talked with a local customer service rep -LRB- of the manufacturing company -RRB- before purchasing . They have long , thin edges that break off in pieces in my dogs mouth . -LRB- I have an aussie sheep dog with a little border collie mixed in . -RRB- I do n't consider this a safe or quality product and would not buy it again . You are paying for a whole lot of material that should have been trimmed off and smoothed down as indicated in the picture . I would like to find the brand that -LRB- apparently -RRB- has been discontinued . It had a red and blue label , was made in the US , and was properly trimmed . They were about 10 in a bag for under ten in the local pet store .
 Unless you have an outside dog , do n't get these . The smell is absolutely horrible and stinks up the entire house ... ugh ...
 This review is a generalization of all hoof treats , not an indication that this particular brand is different than others I have tried.Many dogs seem to have little problem with hooves . When I tried these , they seemed to be on par with other good quality manufacturers . My problems with them is three-fold . First , they have a tendency to splinter ; and since most dogs tend to swallow faster than they taste , I became quite concerned my dog might sustain internal injury from those shards . Second , the aftermath was a bout of diarrhea . However , my dog has a sensitive gut , so take that for what it is worth . Lastly , and of least concern , is that they stink horribly . I know dogs tend to like things that stink , but holy moly . When my dog plopped down next to me in the office after eating her first one , I thought she had eaten a rancid Yak !
 This brush doesnt work on furniture at all . My hand does a better job at gathering hair on the couch . I dont recommend this brush for anyone . The good reviews are probably the manufacturer trying to make the product look decent . A regular brush does a much better job at gathering hair on the couch .
 This brush is pretty weak . It is really bad if your animal has a lot of hair . I have a domestic short hair with a thick coat and this does absolutely nothing except push around the hair and make it airborne . It also does an inadequate job of removing hair from clothes/fruniture
 I was really disappointed with this purchase , there was very little filling for comfort . Our 75-80 pound lab was essentially on the floor . I was thinking of cutting it open and adding a couple of layers of memory foam at the bottom -LRB- I 'm sure this would have helped immensely -RRB- but ended up giving it away to a friend . The bolster was much firmer and better compacted than the base of the bed .
 My 17 year-old Cockapoo finds the bed most comfortable . It 's large enough for her to turn around in it the mandatory 3-6 times before settling in with her head slung over the side . The bed is not easy to wash . It is too large and bulky to fit into my large capacity washer and my extra large dryer . It is necessary to haul the bed off to the local laundramat and use the commercial machines with the highest capacity . Not fun . Not convenient . Worth it only because I love my dog but I 've told her it 's getting old . Do not buy the large Bagel Donut Dog Bed unless you live right next door to the laundramat and have an endless supply of quarters .
 First the cons . . and its a BIG one . . this bed does not have a removable cover and it is a very bulky bed that will not fit in any washing machine you own . that is something to think about . . i think i 'll vacuum it and then wash it in the tub . . pain in the a ** . Also this bed is squishy and unstable which is great for healthy younge dogs but if you have an older dog or one that is not sure footed pass on this bed . . it is a liitle like the moonwalk , i do n't know if that will change as it wears down but i would never let my older dog with hip issues near this bed . Now the pros ... I love it and the dogs love it . . its like a big squishy bolstered bed very comfy it looks and i put a queen size microfluff blanket in it also and they love it . I 'm just dreading having to wash this thing and wondering how to get all the hair off every time i have to clean it ... UPDATE . . i have had this bed about3 days and the fill in the middle squishes down and does not completley cushion the bed any longer . . i still love the sides of this bed though and will put a few more microfiber fluffy blankets in it to keep them cushioned . The idea for this bed is great because of the awesome high and super soft bolster but the inside is in need of help . OK . . ** Update . . i have had this for about 4 or 5 weeks and the sides are still the same high sides which i love so much as they are so soft but the supposed cushion is like nothing anylonger . It has lost all of its squishy comforatableness and does not cover the whole bottom . Easily feeling the floor from lack of any cushioning any longer . It is used by a 50 lb dog and a tiny 5 lb chi so flattened out fairly quickly . I am going to use a foam cushion cut from a mattress pad to put inside it . I would not purchase this again .
 Dogs do n't like this bed and the cover does n't come off . Ca n't get it in the machine because it 's too big .
 I ordered this product with `` expedited shipping '' which cost $ 27.00 , the company did expedite the shipping after two days but they expedited it to the wrong address in the wrong state . When I asked them what they are going to do about this they told me they would send out another item and I would receive it in 7-10 days after shipping , `` it should go out pretty soon , we have them in our warehouse '' . They did not care that I paid for expedited shipping and did not offer to expedite the new order or refund my money for the error . I had to bring this to their attention , obviously they were not going to do anything nor did it seem awkward for them to dismiss the extra money I had paid to receive my item early . So I had to get rather nasty and finally I got my expedited shipping fee back . Then I asked , when is my order going to be delivered ? I was told , it will go out Thursday , `` they are in the warehouse '' . Friday I emailed for a tracking number -LRB- they did not send one to me as they stated they would -RRB- and they stated , oh , this item has not shipped , it should ship today . Ok I give up no one knows what is going on ! I get home on Friday , and my stars !!! Two boxes are on my doorstep ! Both are Bagel beds from the same company , you guessed it , they duplicate shipped . So after all the hassle I went through and the total lack of customer service I had received and the fact that it took over 10 emails to get answers to one question and never two -LRB- they can not answer more than one question it seems -RRB- . I saw this as an opportunity for this company to do something to show they cared about the customer . I emailed them and let them know I received two beds , my three dogs did love it and asked if I could keep the extra bed for all the hassle they put me through . The response was , `` I need to ask the warehouse and I 'll get back to you '' . That was on Friday , on Monday , I had received no information so I sent an email to them in the afternoon . Of course , I was not surprised when they stated , `` we want it back and will issue a fed ex pick up tag for Tuesday '' . It seems they know how to expedite when THEY want something in a timely manner but to heck with the customer . So bottom line , this company had the opportunity to say , `` with all the hassle , just keep it for all you have been through '' , but nope . . I suppose if I had never let them know I had two it would be no big deal but my integrity is worth more then a dog bed . This company on the other hand ... they have proven they have no integrity and will rip you off for $ 27.00 shipping . Like I said , if you want good service , go to another company , for a little more you will have a lot less in headaches .
 This 40 '' Bagel Donut Dog Pet Bed is advertised for dogs that are 45 - 70 lbs . Our shepherd-mix dog , who weighs 55 lbs , could could not stretch out at all in this bed . The only way she would have been able to use it would be to curl up the entire time . After calling the company , I received a terse email that stated I would need to ship the bed back at my cost , receive no shipping reimbursement , and that if there were any evidence that the dog had even tried the bed , they would return the bed to me at my expense .
 i am disappointed with this product . Too expensive and clearly designed for ease of production and not for your animal.The filler is all center mass . The sowing that holds the filler is sewn in at the base . So one matter that size dog , the dog will be laying on a lump . Other positive reviews I saw must have been written by the vendor .
 Seems like every year I begin my search anew for a great dog bed . Bought this one last year , and while my dog does love it -LRB- she 's a good dog , she 'll sleep in whatever I give her -RRB- , I would not recommend this bed to others for one reason
 First off , the bed is GREAT . my dog loves it . it 's just a shame it 's only available from this company . I ordered the wrong size okay my mistake and tried to contact the company to go about the return process . took forever to get through to the company , do n't even BOTHER emailing because they sure as hell do n't bother emailing back . I called again and finally a response . it costs me a fortune to mail the bed back for return . I wait for a solid week til after the tracking conf says they received to give them a call with a ` hey whats up with the status of my refund ' . well no response . i tried a few more times and then finally a response . a NASTY email from this Elena Peters person . well i 'm still waiting for a refund to show up somewhere . maybe a more detailed explanation other than : `` You ` vehaditsinceMay17th . `` would be appropriate . anywho . if you buy the bed and encounter a problem with it , BEWARE the -LRB- insert nasty word -RRB- s who work there .
 It 's too bad I had to even enter one star for this product . It was a total waste of money . Not only was the product worthless , the service was horrible ! When they over charged shipping -LRB- they claimed by mistake -RRB- it took way to long to get my money back and in order to return product I had to pay to ship it back which was about half the cost of the bed . The bed lost it 's great shape before my little pup even got in it . It did n't live up to any of my expectations . I ended up ordering another bed from the Cabella 's website and love it ! Also fyi-I tried to put a sheet around it to protect it since it 's not removable to wash or clean , my dog tore it off each time . When I tried to wash the bed it did n't fit into my oversize washer , so I had to take it to a public laundry mat to be cleaned . After washing it was in worse shape and completly flat . When it went into the dryer it came out with burn marks on the sides b/c it was to big even for the industrail dryers . It went into the trash at the laundry mat . This bed looks great in the pics but look else where if you do n't want to be disappointed !
 It started out good looking . but the seam tore quickly under my dogs scratching , and it lumped up as well - should have read the reviews better - no zip off cover . It got dirty real fast as the fuzzy inside liner -LRB- not really true sherpa , thin and flat -RRB- was white and shows dirt and hair . After a week - it does not look so hot unless I put an extra blanket in the center . Will be buying a different bed in the future and likely not online . Should have sent it back but shipping was too expensive .
 I bought this from Walmart because it was the least expensive catnip they had . Mixed in the catnip , especially at the bottom , were small stones , really hard sticks , and small pieces of clear plastic -LRB- looked like sandwich baggie plastic -RRB- . I immediately stopped using it and am in the process of contacting the company . It reads that it is grown and processed in China . Could all these be in there because they have little regulations there ? Hartz , shame on you !
 I have a number of cats and none of them like hartz catnip . It comes from China , perhaps thats the reason .
 If I could give this a half star I would . It is horrible . I had a Littmaid for almost 7 yrs with little to no problem . The motor finally burned out -LRB- while I was on vacation , arhhh -RRB- . So I bought the new version . I ca n't say it enough , it 's awful . It does not rake efficiently into the bin , it gets stuck on clumps which makes it keep running and it is so flimsy every time I touch it I have to put the ramp back on . DO NOT BUY !
 I 'm on my thrid rake . They cost over $ 40 each time it breaks . I will be looking for another solution for a cat litter box . It can take over 30 mins to reach customer service and they do n't care that they sold you something that breaks .
 I have had 3 Littermaid litter boxes . This model is the worst by far . One week and the motor was dead . Plus the receptacle goes under a few tabs that allows litter to fall underneath . They need to scrap this model . Another note is that the sleep timer isnt very adjustable because it automatically shuts the box off for 9 hours . Youre better off with your own timer you can get at the drug store for a few dollars .
 I previously had two of the old style littermaids , which were n't perfect but still much better than traditional litter boxes . I also got the littermaid cart -LRB- not by littermaid -RRB- which was expensive but very much worth it , no receptacle buying or touching , empty the trash can every 10 days for 2 cat household . Anyway , my old littermaids went on the fritz and were unrepairable and out of warranty , I had them for three or four years . New littermaid is defintely lighter material.a -RRB- clumps get stuck behind the rake so you must still scoop them out.b -RRB- as litter/clumps are scooped out , the litter falls to the side making a pile of litter for you to clean up . It 's also a waste of litter.c -RRB- this new elite littermaid only worked -LRB- for me -RRB- with the ` littermaid ' brand litter , which is a small bag at $ 11.99 a pop at my local Petsmart . It says it is a 1 month supply but I go through a bag in about 5 days , I have two medium sized tabbies but also this litter box is a big litter waster . Lots of unused litter is scooped out with the clumps along with litter falling out in a pile to clean up . This is very expensive!d -RRB- it is still noisy , a slight noise improvement but we can still hear the litterbox , located in our downstairs laundry room , hear it all the way upstairs in our bedroom.e -RRB- shame on me , I bought two thinking that they 'd be great . A monumental waste of money . I am seriously considering chucking these or giving them away to goodwill -LRB- that would be badwill though ! -RRB- and getting the old style again . My cats like the fresh step litter and it lasted longer in the old style littermaid and you get a whole lot more for $ 11.99 . My advice , do n't buy the new elite , buy the old style . It is n't perfect but it is an improvement , and use the fresh step litter with the old one . Only the littermaid litter worked for me with the elite .
 I am on my third version of this product . It is horribly designed . The motor is underpowered , and it can not deal with 2 cats . The litter level can not be above the lowest fill line level because the motor ca n't move more litter than that . It is extremely poorly made . Unfortunately , I 'm stuck using it because my cats refuse to use the automatic litter box that uses crystals , which is a much better system . Please save your money . If you have just one cat , it is at least livable , but with two cats , it sucks ! The old version , without the removable rake , worked much , much , much better . And as for the air filter supposedly built in , I 've never once seen it clear any odors .
 It 's hard to fathom how Littermaid could produce the LM900 & LM950 , both terrific products , and follow them up with a piece of garbage like the Elite Mega . Our Elite jams daily , even when only half-filled with litter . If you fill it with litter to the `` full '' line , the rake ca n't even get through the clean litter . If one of our cats should actually use the box , forget about it!A few specifics :1 -RRB- The drive motor is clearly not up to the task , and is very noisy .2 -RRB- The controls are electronic , which means that the slightest AC power glitch will leave the unit powered off . This also clears the clock and any `` downtime '' you may have programmed in .3 -RRB- There is no `` cycle '' button ; the only way to get the unit to cycle is to power it off and on again -LRB- see point 2 -RRB- .4 -RRB- The ionic air cleaner appears to be little more than a green LED . It certainly does n't eliminate odors which , frankly , would not be a problem if the unit worked reliably.The bottom line
 That about sums it up . Could n't pay me enough to ever buy this model again . Constant having to reset because it could n't clear debris . Too much litter , too little litter , cat sneezed in litter box , you name it , this unit malfunctioned . To top it all off , less then 30 days of use , it dies , forcing me to order another working unit and paying for expidited shipping so my cat isnt without a litter box . Now I got to find a box to ship it back in , after all who keeps the boxes after you set up the thing?I have to rate it by star , amazon.com listen up , you need to over ride that . Given a choice , I would give it a negative 3 stars .
 I had an old littermaid that served us well for many years . It died midswipe , and we knew it was time to get a new litterbox . I was intrigued to see they had updated the product , and added new features -LRB- the sleep timer , filters -RRB- and so I purchased it.There is some assembly required , and the side flaps that lift the tray cover are a bit tricky . I actually broke the piece trying to assemble it . I called littermaid , and they informed me that the replacement piece would be $ 20 plus shipping . I got very angry , because that particular piece is so cheap and poorly made . I spoke to a supervisor who had one shipped for free.I very carefully assembled it and got the thing running . It does not sweep litter as well as my old one . It is very irritating that we have to go back and scrape the box clean.It is quieter , yes . It is not as durably constructed as the former version.Had I realized my dissatisfaction AND the fact I could return it in the first 30 days , I would have done so.DO NOT buy this product unless you like being disappointed .
 Please do n't waste your money on this litterbox . I had the previous generation -LRB- 900 -RRB- and it worked pretty well for years . So I thought I would upgrade to the `` Elite '' , and threw the old one out -LRB- it still worked -RRB- , that was a MISTAKE . Rarely does the Elite perform as advertised . It does not fully clear the litter from the box . Clumps of liquid clog the machine . Notice the angle of the rake , pointing down and forward which means it digs into the clumps of litter/waste and gets stuck instead of scooping . Rarely does it leave a clean litter box , which defeats the whole point and adds to the smell . You will likely unclog it often.I upgraded to the `` Litter Robot '' and WOW , it does a superb job and leaves the litter absolutely PERFECT after each use , with virtually no smell -LRB- unless you have SuperNose -RRB- . The price is worth it , keep this in mind , you will use much less litter -LRB- it does n't scoop litter , just the waste -RRB- and you never have to buy any containers , it uses regular plastic grocery/shopping bags . Follow the directions in the book to get your cat converted from his/her existing litterbox . It took my cat 5-6 days but he did it . Your cat will silently thank you!Litter Robot link Litter Robot LRII Automatic Litter Box with Free Shipping plus 30-Day Guarantee and Free Returns
 I 'm pretty unimpressed , mainly because the device always has litter falling out somewhere . Also it frequently is unable to scoop poop , or clumped urine.The return guarantee is lame because they basically wo n't take a device which has been used by a cat . -LRB- WTF is it good for then ? -RRB- Apparently the return guarantee is just for returning the device if parts are broken/missing , etc. . . Unless your cat poops directly in the middle of the litter box , and never on the side , then this box is never going to work for your cat .
 I ordered the 9000 July-Aug . 2010 . It started getting sluggy by the end of Nov.Now it wo n't push but about half way before it stops and just grinds.Called service andand found out product numbers that were supposed to be there were not complete . I ca n't findmy AM.EX . receipt . Apparently this litter box I 'm looking at does n't exist . Better check to see ifyour box has all required if you think a problem should arise . I thought I bought a name brandreliable product but apparently not .
 I bought the Litter maid in August from PetSmart in August of 2010 and it never worked properly . The tines are not long enough to pick up litter , I stopped working , I contacted PetSmart and they only have warranty for 3 months after LitterMaid had told me I had to go to PetSmart . The manager of PetSmart contacted LitterMaid and informed me that LitterMaid warranty was for 1 year . Not only does the system not clean litter it will stop working frequently . After trying to use it , it is understandably messed up and not any fun to return although LitterMaid has not responded to my worthless product but has made no offer to replace the product with one that works . I owned a litter maid prior to this one and it worked well until it just wore out and stopped working . I thought I was buying a bigger , better and more reliable product but it is worthless except for use as a litter box , no cleaning except by me . I would not suggest anyone but the product . I rate it a Zero.J . R. HaskewHaskewj@bellsouth.netLitterMaid Elite Mega Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter BoxLitterMaid Elite Mega Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter Box
 I bought the Littermaid Elite about 2 months ago so I would minimize the time I needed to clean litter boxes . I travel often for three to 5 days at a time and thought this would be the perfect solution . Now that I am ready to go visit family out of State for the Holidays I just checked on my litter box . Both red and green lights were blinking . After researching the handy guide that was included in the box , I followed the instructions and called the help desk only to find out they are n't open . They are only opened during specific times so if you have a problem you ca n't solve it . For the price , there should n't be these issues . I now have a very expensive litter box that currently does n't work .
 This litter box is a downgrade in quality from the previous model . The motor does not have enough power and often can not clean the litter box . It often scoops unused litter into the tray . It is not easy to clean and often gets clogged .
 The new 9000 series of littermaids are garbage . the motor isnt powerful enough to force its way through a big clump . The older series like the 580 and 900 were awesome but Ive gone through about 4 warranty repalcements on the 9000 even having them send me slightly different models thinking maybe one of them were better ... nope ... . DO NOT BUY THE 9000 PERIOD IMO ! WASTE OF MONEY !
 THIS IS THE BIGGEST PIECE OF JUNK ON THE MARKET . AS FOOLS DO I PURCHASED 3 IN A ROW ALL I A 12 MO PERIOD . I COULD GET ; ; NO RETURNS , NO REPAIRS . WHAT I DIDNT LIKE WAS TO PICK UP CAT POO SO I KEPT GOING LIKE FOOLS DO . WILL I HAVE ACTUALLY GIVEN UP ON LITTR MAID AND WENT TO ANOTHER SYSTEM THAT WORKS PERFECTLY . I AM RETIRED AND HAVE NOTHING ELSE TO DO SO IF THERE ARE A COUPLE HUNDRED THOUSAND CUSTOMERS OUT THERE I WILL SPONSOR A CLASS ACTION LAW SUITE AGAINST THIS FRAUD OF OUR TIME , MONEY , LitterMaid LME9000 Elite Mega Advanced Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter BoxAND CATS . CONTACT MY FACE BOOK DANNY W OKEEFE . NOW THAT WOULD BE FUN AND PROVIDE A COMMUNITY SERVICE .
 I had an older version that I bought at a yard sale eyars ago - it worked for several years . These newer models are horrible - seriously I have to clean up after my cat every single time - I try filling it higher , lower , use different litter ... nothing matters , nothing works . I was too busy and lazy to return it - my bad . Please do not waste your money . If this worked 75 % of the time it would be slightly worth it - but it works less than 95 % of the time , so what is the point ? Good luck !
 I previously owned a littermaid automatic litterbox and was happy with it . It lasted a 5 years , was happy with that . I replaced it with this elite mega model and after 5 months the rake broke . Littermaid does not sell parts but after 5 months why should it break ? This is a very flimsy , cheaply made model , and not what I expected when I purchased it . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 Absolute piece of junk . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME ! I have a cat that will not use anything else after we tried one a few years ago , so every time one dies -LRB- within a couple of weeks of the warranty ending , every time ... -RRB- we have to buy another , because the cat is n't going anywhere . Out of the five that we have wasted our time and money on , two have come out of the box not functioning . If only 3/5 of the machines that they make come out of the box working , chances are you will have to waste your time returning/exchanging one if you buy it , and who knows if the replacement will work or for how long ? `` Customer service '' is also a joke .
 This is my 5th LitterMaid box but first `` Elite '' . The old style worked well . This one does not . The rake does not go low enough to get all the clumps , and there is too much space between the tines of the rake . If something sticks to the bottom , the rake will just take the top part off and leave a mess . The clumps stick to the rake instead of being dumped . The rake dumps about a cup of unused -LRB- clean -RRB- litter with each cycle , but no waste . I have tried more litter and less litter . No difference . I use `` Worlds Best Litter '' . It does clump well and is not cheap . Does this manufacturer test these things with real cats ????? My first and last Elite . Guess I need to buy one of the old styles while they are still available . Buyer beware .
 This litter box is horrible ! No matter what kitty litter we try , it does n't work . If you fill the litter to the `` fill line '' in the box the rakes do not go through it . Then when there is even a little bit of wetness on the bottom of the pan the rakes get stuck in it . I previously owned an older version of the Littermaid - it worked great ! I did n't plan on getting another cat , so I got rid of it . I wish I kept the older version and never wasted my money on this newer version ! Also , because the rakes stick in the litter when it `` dumps '' the litter not only does it dump it into the receptacle it also dumps the litter over the sides . I would definitely rank this up there with the worst purchases I have ever made .
 The motor is too week to remove urine clumps that may be stuck to the bottom of the box . It will repeatedly bump into these clumps and burn itself out . We are on our second one and it is worse than the first .
 I purchased This model litter box from a pet supply club . It works as intended . But I wouldnt suggest this to be used if you have a male cat , or large cats . My boy would pee too much for the little motor to handle the large clumps.The other issue I have is the worst of all . The smallest clumps that break off arent able to be raked out because they are too small and fit right through the rake . You can use any clumping litter you can find , and no matter what you do , this keeps happening . So the small particles that get left behind constantly stink so bad . They tell you to recycle the litter in the box and just keep adding to it , and completely change it every so often , but i was completely changing it all the time to avoid the smell . All that work made it pointless to own since i had to keep doing all the work myself.Now I just keep a open litter box by the toilet , scoop and flush everytime i end up in there . much better system this way !
 My girlfriend usually takes care of the normal type of litter box of our three cats and when I walk by and see her all hunched over and working so hard to clean the thing I do n't like it . So , I got her one of these hoping that the cleaning job would get much easier . It did not . This thing is loud and it gets filthy and requires just as much cleaning -LRB- if not more -RRB- than a regular litter box . This piece of crap now sits out in the garage and will be heading to the dump very soon . Do not buy this litter box because you will waste your money.Instead , get the rolling litter box called The Omega Paw also sold here for much less cash . I purchased on last week and we both love it . You just put the enclosed litter box together and when you want to clean it your roll it over on its side and the clumps of dirty litter roll into a little catch basin . The basin is actually a drawer with can be removed and the clumps of litter dumped in the trash . We both clean the litter box now . Omega Paw rocks ! We got the large one .
 To keep this short and to the point , we are currently waiting for our fourth replacement unit in 18 months . This last time the company was refusing to cover the failure because one of the cats may have got some urine on the motor . Its a litterbox ! If the motor is that sensitive they need to create a sealed inclosure , instead of a vented one for the `` ionization '' effect . All three of our failures have been due to motor failure . thankfully the unit comes with a 12 month warranty , but at $ 10 a pop to cover shipping we are almost half way to a new unit , or four regular litter boxes . We have two cats , so it is not getting overused . The on/off switch also began to fail because of some overspray . Unfortunately we have a male cat with bad aim ... go figure . The unit is very loud when it is running , so if you decide on trying it out seek a place that wo n't disturb you . It also needs a 120V outlet , which can also create a dilema when selecting a location . There is battery backup , but that is all it is . When it runs on the backup batteries do n't expect it to run long term . If we were n't already invested in this mess I would throw it in the garbage and go back to the old fashioned box . there has to be a better , more reliable box out there . Especially for the price .
 I had big hopes when I bought this box as it is advertised for use in multiple cat households . I have two mature cats and trying to keep a litter box clean and odor-free as possible is a daily job . I am really disappointed in the performance if this box as it has difficulties/failures in disposing of cat urine clumps . I 've used 3 different types of `` premium clumping '' litter as required by the manufacturer and the urine clumps many times rotate vertical going up the ramp to the storage container and get stuck to the plow/comb . Either that or if the clump is large , the drive motor is not powerful enough and the the box gives up trying to evacuate the clump . I 'm spending just as much time or more cleaning this box on a daily basis as I did with the traditional manual cat box . I 've had this box for a month now and I 'm going to clean it out this weekend for the last time and go back to the traditional manual cat box . The self-cleaning box will be in my next garage sale .
 I had an older model littermaid which was not perfect but provided a decent reduction in litter-sifting labor.The rake motor seems much weaker than the older one . With the old one , used to be , I 'd sift the litter and replace the receptacle every week or so . Occasionally i would have to `` rescue '' the littermaid because it could n't cycle past a clump.The new litter box rarely cycles , ever.Another problem that I do n't believe I ever saw with the old one is that the rake comes down off of a little ledge , rather than a fully-retracted bay . Litter can and will find its way onto this ledge . The smallest bit of litter will prevent the rake from coming to rest at the end of a cycle , so it will cycle again . It will do this something like a dozen times before giving up . Coupled with the loudness of this machine , this is extremely annoying when it happens in the middle of the night.Avoid this . Buy the older littlermaid .
 This is the second littermate we have and the quality has gone downhill . The first one was great , the only problem being my girlfriend kept getting more cats and it was the smaller model so we gave it away and got the newer , larger model . It worked well for a few months , but then stopped scooping the poop into the bin . It leaves a pile at the end of the box which really annoys one of our cats and he takes it out on us by pooping on the floor next to the box instead of going into the dirty thing.Stay away from this model .
 I am not as satisfied with this Littermaid product as earlier mega litter boxes.While it uses less litter it bogs down sooner . Littermaid should offer replacementmotors . The odor pads fall off.The hype makes it sound Great but the delivery is not there . I am still waiting fora good product as a resonable price . Mega advanced ... I do n't think so .
 I 've had LitterMaids for years . Since we have multiple cats , it 's important to always have a clean box . While the previous models certainly were n't perfect and did n't last as long as I thought they should , they at least did a fairly good job . This new model misses even large clumps , creates a smelly clump behind the rake , and wastes a lot of litter that gets raked into the receptacle . This last problem is caused by a change in design , which has the rake just push the waste into the receptacle instead of lifting it , which means that all of the litter that used to sift back into the box -LRB- in previous models -RRB- now gets dumped . I 've taken to emptying the receptacle back into the box and sifting myself . The only plus with this box vs a standard plastic one is that the littler stays a little cleaner . Certainly not worth the money !!! Save yourself the hassle and find an older model .
 I 've gone through about 4 of these things . Each one except the last one has lasted from a couple of months to a year or so . I 'm waiting on the 4th one to break.I have two cats . I wanted it to work so badly that I continued buying a new one each time it broke . Now I see there are others on the market with much better reviews .
 Over the years , we 've had two Littermaids and while they were n't perfect , they did what I would consider a very good job at keeping the cat box clean . This was the older model with the plastic rake and the beige color . While it would n't win a beauty contest , it worked fine most of the time . Our cat is very picky about the quality of her litter , or she then decides she 's going to pee on the bath mat . Not good.So , our second Littermaid finally died , -LRB- the motor no longer worked -RRB- and the stores were short on the same model we had been using and sold us the new `` improved '' `` Elite '' model . We got it home and I put it together . It was fancier in some areas , had a digital readout on the top , and seemed to have a better way for the rake to be powered , via a track underneath the unit instead of wires trailing to the motor . The rake had steel prongs , so at first glance , one might think this thing was going to be a nice upgrade . Wow . What a huge disappointment.The unit is plagued with a number of serious design flaws -- none immediately apparent until you actually use the machine . The old unit had a method to the madness , the new unit seemed that the new owners of Littermaid thought they could build a better cat box without evaluating the first one . The metal rake on the new unit simply does n't work . No matter how careful you are in filling the box to the correct level with clumping litter , the rake ca n't seem to function correctly . If there is a mud-like clod of cat pee , it simply breaks it up into smaller pieces and moves it around . If there are small turds in the box , -LRB- common with a small persian cat like we have -RRB- , the rack simply misses it entirely and sweeps over the top -- sometimes piercing the clod of poop and dragging it back and forth . In a couple days , there are skewered poop clods impaled on the rake . The rest of the box ends up with pieces of broken up poop and half - removed clods of cat pee . The waste remove bin does n't fill up as fast since the machine is n't putting as much waste in it . The cat does n't want to step into this mess and I ca n't blame her.The design flaw that is so immediately apparent is the way the rake works on the new machine . It slides back to its parking position without lifting up high enough to clear what might be in the way . This creates a situation where poop and clods of muddy pee and packed in behind the rake and stay there -- creating a hardened , smelly mess . Once the machine starts up , it often hits an obstruction and is n't powerful enough to plow through it , so then it 's going back and forth trying to correct itself . The new box also simply pushes the excrement into the bin , -LRB- when it 's able to -RRB- instead of lifting it over the bin and dropping it in like the old model . There is also no trim or snaps to secure the front of the bin into the machine , so the edge where the dirty litter goes into the bin is often filthy , since poop is being dragged over it , leaving a rather nasty trail of kitty litter gravel and poop marks . Not something that you 'll enjoy replacing if it ever gets full.We took it back to Target where we bought it , -LRB- after a thorough cleaning -RRB- , and ordered one of the old models on Amazon . I 'm glad they still had one . Hope that the company `` gets it '' and makes a new model with something more than a high price tag and a fancy name .
 I was/am a loyal Littermaid customer for years . I have owned 4 electric litter boxes LM700 , LM900 -LRB- two of these -RRB- and LME5500 . The LM900 is wonderful ... The LME5500 is a piece of CRAP ! The motor sounds like a jet engine compared to the other models . It hangs up , and YES I was using their litter . The cog broke after 3 months . The timer for delayed cleaning at night -LRB- they must have added this feature because of the bloody noise . -RRB- did n't work half the time . I can not say enough bad things about this product . Over $ 200 for 3 months and I took pics of it in the recycle bin to send to the unhelpful people in customer service at Littermaid . I hate waste ... so this should tell you how much this product stinks !
 Every single one I 've purchased eventully will not stop raking . I 've contacted the company several times -LRB- horrible customer service -RRB- and they tell me how to reset it , but inevitably that does n't work after awhile . Like so many of the other reviewers , I feel like they do n't care that their product gets worse with each `` improvement . '' We need a sturdy , easy to empty machine !
 The LME9000 is cheaply made , underpowered and the metal rake constantly gets stuck no matter how much litter is in the box . The LME9000 Elite Mega is NOT a good product.I purchased this item after my Littermaid LM900 died after two years of excellent service . I thought that the LME9000 would be an upgrade , I was wrong . My first LME9000 lasted 3 months and just stopped working . I called customer service and they sent me another -LRB- after I mailed in the motherboard and $ 10 for shipping -RRB- . Here it is seven months later and the second one died . I called customer service and they are sending me the old LM900 version as a replacement .
 I had to replace my second littermaid with a new one after several years of reliable service . It never really thoroughly raked the litter but did well enough to make it worth the price . I went to Target and bought the new and bit more expensive Littermaid `` elite '' . OMG
 I hate this piece of junk . It works maybe 25 % of the time . The rest of the time , you will be scooping and cleaning . Very poor design and not an improvement over the old model . Motor is way underpowered . Do not buy this .
 This thing has not worked once . Something called `` elite '' and `` advanced '' should work at least sometimes . We paid full price for ours at local pet shop with unfriendly return policy . We are stuck with an overpriced plastic container with permanently blinking failure light .
 My wife and I purchased one littermaid Elites with ionic air from Target to help with our two older cats . We had the first for about two weeks and were satisfied so we purchased another for our younger cats.The littermaid is flawed on so many levels . The gears and the track that the gears ride on are made of cheap plastic and pop out of place , causing the track to run crooked and therefore not settle in the off position , leaving the machine to run back and forth until turned off.This is also not a clean solution as the advertise . The will are far too low and the cats end up scattering litter everywhere . The suggested level of litter is too deep to allow the machine to work properly and yet too low for cats to feel comfortable using it , especially when you adjust the level so that the machine works . This low level of litter causes even more mess . Not to mention the mess associated with the disposal bin . I have come into contact with far more cat feces using this product than with years of old fashioned boxes . It furthermore wastes a great deal of very expensive litter in its cleaning process.This is a cheap , poorly made product with a high price tag that should be pulled from the market .
 I have had Littermaid electric litterboxes for 8 years now -LRB- I have 4 cats , -RRB- one , still an original and still functioning . This one , however , is the worst . It is incredibly noisy , the metal tines do n't pick up the litter , leaving little clumps everywhere , and the clumps end up behind the tines frequently . It also gets stuck on relatively small lumps . It also does n't turn itself back on in the case of a power outage . -LRB- Found that out one smelly day . -RRB- Save money , buy the older model - mega - plastic tines and quieter !
 This product is awful ! Do n't waste your money . It stopped working the second day I owned it . I spend more time cleaning out this litter box than I do the old fashioned kind .
 My original LitterMaid I got some years ago was a far better product . Although it was noisier , the motor was stronger & it hardly ever stopped working . This model stops all the time , and if I fill it past the first `` fill '' line , not even to the maximum , it still stops all the time . I use premium litter and have followed all the directions . When I emailed the company to complain about it , they emailed me a form letter telling me all the things I need to do to get it to work -LRB- which I already do -RRB- . They could n't have cared less . I have three cats & started using the first model to save myself time , which it did . I am considering just trashing this one & getting a regular litter box , since I am always cleaning this one by hand anyway . DO N'T BUY IT !!
 I bought this litterbox for $ 150 at the beginning of the year . Despite using premium cat litter AND FOLLOWING THE INSTRUCTIONS , THANK YOU , the rake would constantly get stuck . Also , my cats would sometimes pee on the cover where it would flow on to the floor . And , those disposable litter containers cost about a buck each . Today , the machine broke , and I am not going to bother calling the manufacturer because I do n't want the darned thing repaired ; it 's going to the landfill.Two different friends of mine have a LitterMaid , and are quite pleased with the product -- I bought this one because of that . The difference is that I bought the `` Elite Mega , '' while they have earlier versions . The rake on the Elite Mega is exposed all the time , where theirs goes into a slot , and I think that the older ones are just better engineered and less cheaply made . So , if you want an automated litterbox , avoid this particular model . The others might be okay , and I just may try one of them -LRB- besides , I 've got about $ 50 worth of disposable litter containers -RRB- . I did call customer service once , and the woman on the other end was rude and useless , so no points there , either.Good Luck!Dorene
 I bought this litter box a few months ago thinking it would take care of the smell and mess from my two cats . NOPE ! Frankly , I 'm disapointed in littermaid for making such a piece of junk . Here are a few of the major flaws this litter box has :1 . The hood does n't fit the box ... even though the packaging said it does .2 . If your cat likes to bury it 's waste -LRB- which mine does -RRB- , the rake WILL NOT pick it up and despose of it in the waste container . It gets stuck and ends up moving back and forth several times making such a racket , in the end it goes back to the starting position and wil not move until you reset the litter box .3 . The Ionic air thingy does n't do anything , I think it 's just a green light bulb . Can you say CON ? 4 . The waste container does not close tightly , flies can get it and make more flies -LRB- and once you have one fly you have many , and I never had a fly problem before -RRB- , it also allows the waste smell out into the air ! YUCK !!! 5 . IT 's HUGE !!! It 's NOISY !!! It wakes my son if it goes off at night !!! So in the end I threw it away and bought a booda box with a ramp . Lets see how well that one works . Onward with the battle against cat waste!GOOD LUCK
 Being rather Lazy . . so to speak , I enjoy anything that makes cleaning a Catbox easier , and to that end i have owned Littermaid automatic litter boxes for several years . My Littermaid Mega was on its last leg in regular use for 3 years when i saw the < Littermaid Elite Mega > purchased it & was slightly upset that i had to put it together before use , however that was merely the beginning of my Nightmare . Enough of trying to be Graceful , FIRST - the Metal Rake System does NOT work unless the box is filled perfectly , which means after the cat goes in 1 time , all visits after that are an absolute disgusting mess in the box which isnt picked up by the rake but rather smeared and spread in the box . SECOND - the collection tray does not fit well and there is a nice collection of litter etc on the floor , nor does the lid for some reason fit tight enough which in some cases will detach and of course with the lid on the waste has nowhere to go but on top and all over . and Lastly I have always Purchased Premium Cat Litter . . and have tryed several , even the Crystals , THIS Litterbox is the Worst Waste of Money you can imagine ! In a Fit of Anger I Took it to the Trash Can and dropped it in after 5 months of use and Purchase a regular < Littermaid Mega > with the plastic rake system . i can tell you how happy im am that i chucked the < Elite > in the Trash ! Life is Easy again with a Regular Littermaid Mega . ; n -RRB- P.S. 1 star because at least u get to keep the plastic litter bins to use with the regular Mega you will buy .
 I 've been the owner of two of the original Littermaid self-cleaning litter boxes for 10 years . When it was time for another litter box , I thought the `` New and Improved '' Elite would be something worth trying . I had read the reviews , but there seemed to be enough satisfied people , that I thought I would try it . In this case , there is a reason why most of the people who do n't like this litter box.I will continue , but for those on a brief read , if you want a Littermaid , purchase the original model . Only fill it to the add line , and it will work nicely . If you want something new , look at the ScoopFree . With the 90 day money back guaarentee and free return shipping , I thought it would be worth trying . ScoopFree is far superior to the Littermaid Elite , and I feel is better than the original as well . For the ScoopFree I have found using glue or silicon on the seams of the cardboard litter box , one can use the box longer than a month , though it will have be cleaned and replacement crystal litter needs to be purchased.When the Elite would work , it does a nice job . However , it spends more time not working as intended . I have three problems with the Elite :1 . The floating removable rake . From a cleaning perspective , being able to remove the rack and having small metal rods instead of much wider , narrow plastic blades that can not be removed . However , since the rake floats , there are integrated ramps on the sides of the box to force the rake down at the start of the cleaning cycle and than a different ramp causes the rake to raise to dump the litter in the disposal unit . The main problem is the Littermaid engineers need to allow for at least another 1/8 of an inch in the ramp design . About 25 % of the time when the rake reaches the ramp to raise the rake , the wheels on the rake will hit the ramp at dead center or just below center . When this happens , the ramp can not raise and the cycle leaves the clumped litter at the end of the litter box .2 . Related to the rake , the motor does not have enough power . My cat tends to use the corners of the litter box right next to the rake . What will happen is while the rake is being forced down , it also has the load of trying to move the clumped litter . With sufficient power , this would not be a problem . However , the motor overload tends to get triggered and the cycle is stopped before it began . Of course the next time the cat uses the litter box , the problem is amplified and the only remedy is to manually clean the litter box .3 . Also related to the rake , is the fact that it does float . With the right ramp design , the rake floating would not cause a problem . However , here it does . The current design does not guarentee that the rake will always get close enough to the litter box bottom . If there is any clumped litter on the bottom , it can slide over the top of some of the clumped litter during the first phase of the cleaning cycle . Well , what happens is the last phase of the cycle tends to pickup this clumped litter behind the rake , where it it gathers until it is manually cleaned . The original design can do this some , but not to the extend that the Elite does.The Elite does have a similar problem as the original design , that with the unit filled to its recommended level , with the weak motor , it will stop mid cycle because of an motor overload.In the end , I have to clean the Elite every day . In most cases there is clumped litter in the litter box that did not get cleaned out . For a litter box that has to be cleaned everyday , $ 100 + is rather expense for a plastic manual cleaning litter box . If you do n't mind cleaning a litterbox everyday , buy a plastic manual cleaning litterbox . If you want a reliable automatic , buy the original Littermaid or the ScoopFree . Neither automatic box is perfect , but they are far superior to the `` New and Improved '' Elite .
 i had the previous version of the LitterMaid and was really excited to try this `` new and improved '' model . What a disappointment ! it does not work AT ALL . It consistently jams up , does not scoop everything , and is INCREDIBLY loud . I find it laughable that they say this is quieter than the old version -- it will literally wake you up in the middle of the night , even if its on the other end of the house . I literally had to just turn it off and use it as a regular litter box until i could justify the huge expense of buying a new one -LRB- I went back to the old model -RRB- . DO NOT BUY THE ELITE MODEL . Stick with the old school version .
 Like many I have the same trouble with this unit . It does not clean or dump like I would like it to . I had an older unit for 4 years and loved it . It finally gave out after taking care of 3 cats all those years and did a great job . Well I decided to upgrade to -LRB- what I thought -RRB- would be a better unit . Well I would rather have another one like my old unit . I love the products they have , some just work better then others . Anyway , I wrote to Littermaid and the following is what they suggested.Thank you for contacting Applica Consumer Products , Inc. , a subsidiary ofSalton , Inc. . We value you as a customer and appreciate your patronage . If your unit is not removing clumps or raking properly , you need to open thelid to the waste receptacle at the end of the litter tray . Do you see awhite bar ? If yes , then the unit is incorrectly set up . Turn the unit off . You need to remove the waste receptacle . Remove the top of the unit off the litter . Hold the top of the unit angled down towards the waste receptacle . Lower the white bar down into the slots on both sides so that the white bargoes underneath the edge of the litter tray where the 5 tabs are located , then simply lower the other end onto the litter tray . Now replace the waste receptacle and turn the power on . If you continue to have problems with the unit , then please contact us . Be sure you are using a premium clumping litter . Do not use non-clumping , crystal or pearl-like litter .
 I originally gave this a rave review . But then the wheel on the rake broke after 3 months , the rake never really worked well enough to scoop all the poop out and it felt like trying to scrape dried up cement from the bottom of the litterbox all the time . I 've tried getting a replacement rake from the company , even calling and emailing them . They do n't have it at all , they do n't know where I could get one but ... and this turned out to be the last straw ... they charged my credit card for the rake anyway!Needless to say , I do n't recommend this product and if you 're reading this , do n't even consider buying Littermaid . I wish Amazon had negative stars cuz this product would get a -10 .
 I bought one of these to replace a previous model tht was slowing down . It looks sleek and sounds great , but ... the motor is noisy and seemingly weak . The pan is designed with a shallowly sloping end that allows the blades to leave material in the pan . The blades continually got stuck and the system would shut down . Within 30 days it would just die in place , and the motor went entirely . The tent that comes with it is too small , and very annoying to remove and replace when fixing the machine , which was basically every time the cat used it . I have used the Littermaid products since getting cats 8 years ago , and they have been great . I did n't bother to deal with getting this replaced at the store or by th company ; I bought a model 500 for half the price here on Amazon and I 'm back in business !
 Elite LitterMaid was a piece of junk.Very unhappy with this product and LitterMaid should be ASHAMED of themselves for coming out with such a cheap plasticy , poorly designed product . Its a good idea , just not implemented well and for $ 160 - $ 180 , I think you 'll be sending this back just like I did this morning.Again , Dear Littermaid company , shame on you for such a lousy product , I hope someone comes out with one that is actually built for use and will last and puts you out of business . If you are an American owned company , where 's the quality , the strive to make something great in the world ? You obviously slept in the class that tought you how to take pride on your products and building them to last and at least work.If I was working making $ 10 an hour after taxes and this cost $ 180 , that 's 18 hours I 'd have to work , or two FULL days plus 2 hours to pay for this thing . Bull-arky . Do NOT buy this or anything from littermaid and spread the word - I feel sorry for anyone that has gotten this , put their hard earned money into it and then had to throw it away becuase of how horrible it is.DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY and Littermaid , hey , get your act together . Hissssssssssssssssssssssssssss.Tony and PJ with our two wonderful kittens
 I got this machine , because my husband said
 Terrible , awful , piece of junk !! Does not even begin to describe this scam ! We bought one at Target ... called Littermaid and they sent a replacement . The replacement is worse than the original !! Do not buy from Littermaid ... these do not work !!
 This is my third LitterMaid . None were good but the new redesign is the worst . The cover of the receptical will dislodge closing the recptical so the new scoop lands on top of the container . Packing tape will solve.There is one good thing , I 've not had the unit jam . The previous models would get stuck if the litter was pushed up in a corner ... We do n't need a better mouse trap but we do need a better design for the self cleaning litter box . The first person to design one will be rich !
 Several years ago I had the original base model . It worked very well and I had 3 cats.I now have five cats and thought it a great idea to buy 3 of the ` Elite ' models . After only 2 months two of the units have failed . The wheel which allows the rake to move through the litter has sheered off . The machines will now run endlessly and never remove the waste . I am not happy.They are very poorly constructed and an absolute waste of money . I like the concept of an automated litter box and will buy another brand . I suggest you do the same.As stated by other reviewers , this got one star from me only because you ca n't give zero stars .
 I have had the basic Littermaid box for the past 4 yrs . and it just started to wear out . I have 2 cats and never had a bit of trouble with it . I decided that it was wearing out and bought this newer model . What a mistake ! I was changing the container every 3 days instead of every 6-7 days . The rake did not get all the waste but got most of the litter so therefore the container was mostly litter and not waste . It is not made the same at all . I returned it and was able to find the original box and now we are all happy again . This new model really needs to be re-configured . It does not work . Do n't waste your money , buy the original at a lesser price .
 This seemed like a good product , and other purchasers seemed to like it when I ordered it . however , after less than a month , this litter box has become more work than the manual variety . the shallow litter fill means that when the cat urinates , the resulting clump adheres to the bottom of the pan , and needs to be manually scraped loose for the rake to properly dispose of it . in addition , small clumps get trapped behind the rake , causing additional problems . it is now cleaned and will be going back to the manufacturer for a refund.review update
 I bought this litterbox a month ago , and have been dissatisfied from the beginning . Using the LitterMaid brand litter and other premium clumping litters , the rake rakes a ton of clean litter into the box -LRB- and under the receptacle , creating a huge mess -RRB- , necessitating either emptying or removing the disposable tray every day or two -LRB- for just one kitten -RRB- . Generally I had to dump the plastic tray every day , then re-scoop what was actually dirty to avoid going through a ton of litter . The litter area of the box is so small that my kitten could not get comfortable , and often missed the litter , doing her business on the rake mechanism or the sides of the box , making lots of extra clean-up work . The charcoal pads do n't stick to the lid like they 're supposed to , leading to more odor . I found this system to be way more work than a much more basic system and have quit using it . I replaced it with an Omega Paw flip-over box , which costs a fraction of this product and works way better .
 We 've had littermaids for many years - this new one is vastly cheaper than the old one . It also seem to be flatter in the front - which means its easier for the cats to scatter . And it is much louder . Finally , it clogs a lot easier .
 I had a Littermaid a few years ago that I loved , although it stopped working after a year . I finally decided to shell out the money to purchase a new one last year as my elderly cat started becoming prone to urinary tract infections and having a consistently clean box would help prevent this.A month after purchasing it , this one stopped working too ! I called the company and they had me run through a few tests to try to fix it . Upon hearing the motor on the box try to work the rep realized this was a major problem and said they would send me a replacement . First , however , I had to cut several wires and mail them in , so that they knew the box I had could no longer be repaired . After a few weeks of waiting , I called back . They explained that the box was on backorder , so it could take up to another few weeks to receive it . Another month passes and I call again , only to be given the same answer . This time I was assured it would be 6-8 weeks . So I call again after another two months only to STILL be told the same thing ! I asked it there was any way I would just get a coupon/voucher so that I could go pick one up in the store , as my local PetSmart had it in stock , but was told this was not possible . I decided to give one more shot at waiting . Again , after hearing nothing for another two months , I called , once AGAIN to be told they had the same problem . This time I asked if there was another model they could send me , as I had spent a lot of money on the machine only to have it work for a month and now to be several months waiting for a replacement . They said no because all the models were on backorder . They also said they had no idea when they would be back in stock and never did , and although they say `` 6-8 weeks '' they really do n't know if this will actually be the case . The best they could do was send me a refund if I did n't want to wait any longer . I agreed . They said it would be sent by the end of the week.I now went through the same problem trying to get the refund . After a month I called and they said whoever took the call FORGOT to process the refund ! They assured me it would be sent again the next day , and that I would be emailed when it was . I never received an email so I called two weeks later only to be told that it was not put through once again ! I called every week or two for the next few months , asking to speak with supervisors , only to be told that it was `` in process '' and should be sent `` by the end of the week '' every time . Finally , after having to get really angry and demanding why I was being continually lied to did I finally receive my refund . The whole process took 10 months ! This was completely ridiculous and unheard of.While I actually like the product , this ordeal and disrespect I received from their company will prevent me from EVER buying a Littermaid again ! I have since purchased the SmartScoop which I like better . Also , I did have an issue with the SmartScoop but they sent me a replacement part for my unit in THREE DAYS of speaking with the very friendly customer service woman !! PICK SMARTSCOOP OVER LITTERMAID IF YOU ARE BUYING AN AUTOMATIC LITTERBOX !!
 Bought this at Petsmart about a year ago . Today , rake finally gave up , got stuck right in the middle of the pan , wo n't move forward wo n't move back . This product needs a stronger motor , same issue with the older models but I guess this company refuses to test its own products and learn from its mistakes . The rake gets stock on just about any clump . It seems they test this with mice instead of cats . The urine amount of an adult cat makes such a big clump that this motor can not cope . There is also the issue with unused litter falling through the treshold between the edge of the pan , and the receptacle , making a nice consitent mount underneath the unit.Will be throwing out today . Done with this crap .
 I purchased this product thinking that it would make litter box maintenance easier , but it has actually made it harder ! I have three cats . While I had to scoop my old oversized litter box about once a day , I find myself dealing with this box multiple times per day ! If your cat pees on the rake , it clumps in front of the rank and behind the rake . When the rake attempts to move , it will either jam and simply return to its starting position , or it will push a bunch of dry , unused litter into the receptacle . If your cat pees along the wall or in a high volume that gets to the floor before it clumps , the clump will stick to the wall or floor and the rake will be unable to move it . It will stay right where your cat left it . Even if your cat behaves itself and never pees too much or along the rake or wall , the cat would have to use some sort of even pattern within the litter box to avoid overfilling the receptacle on one side while leaving it empty on the other . As I said before , I have to check on this box several times a day to either remove clumped urine from the fork , `` unstick '' clumped urine from the walls or base , or redistribute the waste within the receptacle . I 'm ready to move back to my old standard litter box !
 I thought the newest and fanciest Littermaid would be the bomb . . oh yeah it bombed all right . The litter area is WAY TOO small for a cat of 10 lbs or more and they end up peeing on the circuit board and shorting the unit out . I went through 3 of these -LRB- Littermaid replaced them for free -RRB- Littermaids in under 1 month . In the end , I went back to the other older version as the litter area on those is MUCH bigger .
 I owned a LM-900 -LRB- the previous generation 's ` Mega ' -RRB- for two years of excellent service ... then the gears in the rake started skipping . I bought the LME-9250 -LRB- same as the 9000 but with the cabana top ... it was the only one they had at Petsmart at the time -RRB- . Anyway , the Elite line is terrible ! They tried to modify the design so that the rake is easily removable , but this causes a host of other problems .1 . Rake has a sweeping rather than scooping motion . Litter wasted , not nearly as effective as the original line -LRB- i.e. LM-900 -RRB- .2 . Waste gets trapped behind the rake from the first pass on .3 . Rake hangs up on waste .4 . Rake 's rollers break . This has something to do with the angle of the rake and the length of the comb -- it acts like a lever and stresses the rake during the sweeping motion . When the rollers break you need a new rake . Mine broke within two weeks of purchasing.Do yourself a favor and avoid the elite line . It 's more of a pain than a standard litterbox ! I bought the classic model -LRB- LM-900 -RRB- on Amazon after returning the elite to Petsmart yesterday .
 We had an original Litter Maid self-cleaning cat box for nearly 5 years . We had very little trouble with it , so when it finally died , we purchased the new Litter Maid Elite , without doing any research . We figured our past experience was research enough - oh , how wrong we were.The Litter Maid Elite is a completely useless product . Ours , apparently , is afraid of encountering clumps . The rake will begin to move , but if it encounters the slightest clump , it will immediately reset itself . Once I manually scoop out the litter box , the rake will freely `` clean '' the box , but the self-cleaning function will then not stop - it `` sweeps '' back and forth 5 times , until it settles itself back into place , green light merrily blinking to indicate there is an error.I am now performing the function of the `` automated self-cleaning litter box . '' Basically , I paid $ 119.00 for a box . Learn from my mistake - avoid this product at all costs !!
 I bought this box about 4 months ago and stopped using it about 2 months ago . It turned out to be more work than just a regular box . At least you can wash out a regular box and start over clean . Good luck with completely cleaning all the poo crumbs from the sliding track and cheap gears . It gets to be a disgusting affair , more than with a regular box.As other reviews said the rake only goes over the top half of the litter so there 's tons of sticky cement left at the bottom which you have to manually scrape out . It was often unable to push the clumps into the bin . So it would just very noisily push until it got stuck , back up , and then start over again like 10 times in a row . When it does get clumps into the bin , it also pushes tons of litter through the crack between the bin and the box and then you 're left with a huge pile of litter underneath the box . To clean it , you have to take it apart . The top part houses a computer so you ca n't soak it which means there 's poo always stuck in the crevices . Ever see Office Space ? At the end of two months I was ready to bring this thing out in a field and bash it with a sledgehammer.Now we 're looking for another box . Currently , we are just using the plastic box from the littermaid without the rake , etc. . This is my worst investment to date .
 I used the LitterMaid LM900 for six years until it died , which I 'm told is a long time as I had three cats using it . I went to the pet store and purchased the Elite model because the LM900 was no longer carried in stock . I was exceedingly unhappy with the model from the moment I brought it home . It constantly jammed and the motor died within two months . Further , the box did not fit together well so every time it went through a cleaning cycle , the whole thing sounded like it would crack apart at any second . It would shake and groan while the rake tried to move along its path . When I returned it to the store , I was told it had a long line of customer complaints because the motor died so quickly and none of the staff would use it because it was so poorly designed . I ended up replacing the Elite model with an even worse litter box -LRB- avoid the petmate purrforma litter box -RRB- . Luckly , I just found the LM900 model on Amazon and purchased it.None of the litter boxes are perfect , especially if more than one cat is using it . I do have to clean the rake and litter does clump on the bottom of the box which causes problems with the rake . However with three cats , I have found the LM900 to be a worthwhile purchase . If you are looking for a litter box , avoid the Elite model until LitterMaid creates a better motor for it . Look for the LM900 model . It is an older design and is built much better .
 We bought this unit about three months ago as we adopted two kittens . At first , it worked fine . Now it is an over-priced liter box that I have to scoop daily.Pros
 This item was a complete waste of money ! It worked about 3 weeks , after that nothing . The cats hated it . I went back to the old litter boxes because they would rather use the floor than this box . Absolutely disgusted with this product !
 A whole bunch of assembly , I had to pay a carpenter to assemble it ... and he did n't get it right . Once it finally did get assembed , it has so many bells and whistles that I spend as much time setting and setting this thing as I did MANUALLY SCOOPING out the cat residue!If you buy this model after reading this review you are as brain dead as the jerks at Litter Maid who foisted this piece of # @ $ # $ ! % on unsuspecting/trusting fools like myself.How big of a fool are you ? Buy this model and find out .
 I 'm sure this will sound like all the other reviews . I had an older model of Littermaid that worked well , but it finally died -LRB- motor was shot -RRB- . I bought this one thinking it should be better , but was I terribly mistaken.The first thing I noticed is it is much cheaper in design than the previous model . I think it is a Chinese outsource . Poor quality materials and construction.The motor has no power whatsoever . It stops at the slightest clump , tries about 3 times , gives up and the green light just blinks . If you do n't watch this thing constantly , you will have a huge mess on your hands.The other major problem is the receptacles do n't fit firmly under the lip which allows litter to fall between the cracks . After a short while you have a mound of litter in the receptacle hold which causes extra maintenance to clean it up . If you do n't the receptacle will lift up and the waste falls to the floor.You are better off to get a regular clean it yourself litter box . They are much cheaper , and if you get the Littermaid you will have paid a premium for the same thing after you turn the darn thing off !
 I had one of the original Littermaid litterboxes and it lasted over 6 years before the power cord for the rake got caught on the rake and snapped . I went out and bought this model hoping it would last as long or longer than the original.There are wheels that guide the rake up and down along angled plastic grooves on the upper portion of the litterbox . The axles -LRB- posts or whatever the manufacturer may call them -RRB- of these wheels are made of plastic . These axles become misaligned and flex the wheel outward instead of guiding the rake up or down . This will cause repeated failure of cycles . Eventually the plastic side of the rake where the axle is attached will fail and break completely off . This happened after only 18 months of use.Good luck trying to order a replacement rake . You 'll be sent to a third party vendor and asked to pay an arm and a leg for an obviously flimsy part.When the box was working , it would leak litter between the receptacle and the base of the box . A large mound of litter would accumulate before you knew it.This design was a good concept but very poorly executed .
 Have n't had time to read all the other negative reviews , but this has got to be the biggest waste of money EVER ! We 've had the standard -LRB- Mega -RRB- Littermaid for about 10 years , and it worked okay -- not great , but better than nothing . It recently broke and so we thought we 'd upgrade . NOT !!! From the first time the cat used this one , it was clear that it was worthless . The stainless steel forks are too far apart . Everthing sticks to them . Litter also flies out of the box creating a huge mess . We used Littermaid 's litter and filled it exactly as they said , but that made no difference . It is also impossible to program correctly . Thank goodness we saved the box , cleaned it and returned it to PetSmart . They did n't seem surprised ! This piece of junk ought to be taken off the market !
 This is the worst waste of money in the pet supply racket . All it does is break the cat poop up into small chunks and run it across the litter while making a lot of noise . Total waste of time and money .
 I had the original Litter Maid back with a different pair of cats and it lasted me for a couple of years . I even rigged up a special litter containment system / drawer under the old Litter Maid and was able to go weeks without having to empty anything - and life was grand . Sure , some litter clumped on the old tines , and sometimes it had issues , but overall I enjoyed it . I would have rated that one a 3.5 . The new one is NOTHING like the old one , and in ways I ca n't quite place my finger on . The new metal tines look better , but they end up getting litter clumped on them quickly . The plastic is flimsier and litter spills out on every sweep cycle . The basket fills up quickly with clumps and lots of loose litter , but the main container is also filled with pieces of clumps that the tines broke up.I tried to follow the instructions faithfully and not over-fill or under-fill , but this is just ending up being as much work as a regular litter box - and with absolutely no smell control . At least a regular passive litter box wo n't shred the clumps and make the box a total mess.I 'm using Arm & Hammer Multi-Cat Extra Strength Clumping Cat Litter -LRB- I think , it 's one of the A&H ; ones -RRB- . Perhaps another litter would work better , but I used this litter with the last litter box and did n't have quite this level of issues.I hate to see Litter Maid so poorly reviewed now , but the reviews are deserved . -- As an aside , we picked up a litter robot , and so far it looks to be brilliant .
 First one did n't work from the start . Returned for a second one and it kept jamming up . Used the recommended literr and did n't fill over the line and it could n't even clean . Rake kept jamming . It 's obvious that it does n't have the power needed to do the job . Terrible product . At least Amazon stood behind the product and took it back . Littermaid did n't want to know anything .
 I have liked this product , except that it stopped working two weeks after I received it . Customer service was helpful and sent me a replacement . However the sensor is not functioning on this replacement litter box , so I have to turn it off and on every time I want the rake to move across the litter pan . I have to call customer service again tomorrow , so I 'll have to see how it goes .
 My experience is similar to other reviews . I had a littermaid box for years that worked fine . Eventually I had to replace it , which was fine since the original had a decent livespan.I bought the Elite and could never get it to work reliably . When I first add litter , the rake moves and does a pass , then never moves again . I manually covered the sensors and nothing happened . My cat used the box and nothing happened . I would guess that this is a problem with the sensor but do n't know . The only support is some useless FAQ 's . I do n't know if there is a better automatic litterbox out there but I `` m looking .
 I am also an extremely dissatisfied purchaser of the Littermaid Elite LME9000 , which is actually more effort than a regular litterbox . I 've had the same experiences as many other one-star reviewers of the product
 Agree with other reviewers . I owned an earlier model which worked well , and purchased this one when it broke . The design has changed to the detriment of the product . If you fill with litter as outlined in the directions the `` rake '' goes over the waste and smashes it up making it more difficult to remove . If you fill it with more litter than recommended , the motor lacks the power to push through it and move the waste . Tried to solve the problem by buying `` premium '' litter , but to no avail . Three kinds of litter later , it still does n't work . Finally , i unplugged the litter box , took out the rake , and started manually scooping as i would with any other litter box . This works best ! Unfortunately , the price of the automatic litter box as compared to a plain plastic tray is ridiculous .
 I have used Littermaid products in the past and they have always been great . This one is terrible !! Do n't waste your money . I 'm using a $ 200 litter box and scooping myself . Amazon wo n't allow me to rate it with 0 stars .
 My first littermaid device lasted about 10 years . It was excellent and I recommended it highly to others.I was really excited to get what I thought was the new and improved model . I think the new design is much cheaper and does n't work 1/2 as well . The litter keeps getting stuck in the grates on one side and I 'm not finding it cleans and rakes the clumps as well at all . I have tried using more and less litter to see if anything makes a difference.I would prefer it if they brought back the original version of this device . For $ 200 , I am disappointed and frustrated with this latest model .
 This product does not work to completely clean the box . Do not waste your money . This box is cumbersome and and not made well . My cat did not like it and neither did I. Very hard to maintain . I am not inpressed at all . There are better products in the Litter Maid line .
 This is the worst product I have ever bought ! I had the basic model for years and `` up graded '' . I should have kept the old one ! The box does n't rake any thin in to the tray . The little wheels that make it rake the litter fall off and then it does n't work at all . So now I own a $ 149.99 litter box that I still have to scoop my self ! Please do n't buy this product get the basic model ! You will be a lot happier ... So will Minnie .
 I had the older version for years and it worked quite well considering the cat usage . Then I made the horrible mistake of getting another one and boy is this model a dog ! The metal tines are too far apart to rake much of anything into the tray . I tried several types of litter even the Littermaid litter and most of the time all I got was a pile of smelly poo and litter just before the tray and not in the tray . The cats still preferred the older model and used it more often . But alas , I moved and the older model was so worn after years of loyal service that both boxes were tossed in the move.I 'm going to go back to the older version . Do not buy this one .
 I thought initially when I got the original model it was a great idea , and the original model worked like a charm . I decided when it was time to replace that after 2 + years of use , to just upgrade to the mega ... what a big mistake that was . The first mega I bought died 6 months after I got it ... the motor just refused to push the rake and now the 2nd one I bought to replace the 1st mega has just bit the bullet for the exact same reason . My advice to anyone thinking about buying this is DO N'T DO IT ! You 'll end up in 6 months wondering why the rake wont go anymore ...
 I have had littermaids for 10 years , this model was suppose to be an improvement on the original is far worse than the original itself . You would think it was the prototype for the original !! but its not . Save your money , time , and frustration and buy the original instead . . and send in your registration form . .
 I too had the older model , not too bad , but this one is terrible . The one I have lifts the tray half of the time and most of the litter goes underneath . Do not buy this , they really should take it off the market .
 We originally had the LM700 by the same manufacturer and switched to this one when our retailer stopped carrying the cheaper model . The LM700 had longevity issues
 The new LME9000 Mega Advanced Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter Box is a piece of JUNK . I bought it when our regular old one gave out -- we had it for over three years . The old one was great . This one does not clean the box and it will not stop running until I turn off the switch . Do not waster your money on it .
 We were loyal fans of the original LitterMaid . It did yeoman 's work for years and when it finally died we happily purchased the latest model . What a disappointment!It does n't clean the box ! We have to manually clean on a daily basis . This product has gone from preferred to turd ... literally ! The metal rake does n't work as well as the old plastic rake and waste gets stuck behind it . A lot of litter falls on the floor requiring lifting the box to clean on a weekly basis.We are currently shopping for a new automatic litter box .
 After having the basic model of the LitterMaid box for many years -LRB- I have two cats -RRB- and being happy with it , I thought the `` Elite Mega Advanced '' -LRB- what a joke -RRB- would be even better . Every other day I have to scoop out the box because the litter sticks to the bottom of the pan . And if I forget , the machine just jams up and stops , so I have a real mess to clean . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 We also used the old version of the LitterMaid ... when it burnt out after several years of use . We were/are big fans of the original Littermaid . It was a fantastic product . If you can get your hands on one , it 's worth it.We purchased their latest and greatest model . -LRB- this one -RRB- It has been a mistake.The setup was horrific . We were given two right support `` legs '' for the box . When we called to have a left one sent . They sent us ` right ' one again . We called again . They promptly sent out a ` right ' one again . we called again . They blamed it on everyone . Finally we took it back to the store and store manager opened up a new box , took out the left leg . Thank God for Petsmart . It took us almost six weeks before we could even get it set up.It does n't clean the box well at all . We must sift through the box ourselves manually on an almost daily basis . While the metal rake is easier to clean than the old one ... it does n't catch the clumps.The box is another absolute mess . As the rake scoops the litter ` up ' into the plastic container there is a problem . The lip of the plastic container has to be ` tucked ' under the lip of the box itself . Even when you do it ` perfectly ' litter still gets in between and falls to the floor . We have to lift the box once a week and clean up a couple of scoops of litter that have fallen between the cracks.We are currently shopping for a new automatic litter box . Yep , we spent a small fortune on this box . We could n't be unhappier with this purchase .
 Litter Maid 's auto litter box is terrible . I wrote about the Scoop Free at the bottom . I used the Litter Maid for a month to give it a fair chance . There are gaps on the side of the litter box , close to the disposal cartridge and litter just falls through on to your floor each time the rake pushes the litter towards the disposal cartridge . The worse thing is the part where the tray that holds the litter meets the part that holds the disposal cartridge . When the rake pushes the poop up and out of the litter into the cartridge it leaves -LRB- over time -RRB- `` streaks '' on the plastic because the poop is drug across the plastic in to the cartridge . A lot of the time when the rake pushes poop/clumps to the disposal cartridge it hits this edge and the poop/clumps get pushed in to the rake instead of going over the edge in to the disposal cartridge . Then they usually stay stuck in the rake until you knock them loose . Sometimes the poop stops at the edge , the rake goes over it and then the poop ends up behind the rake when it goes back to its starting point . Sometimes the clumps break up and you 're left with bits of stinky litter in the box instead of the disposal cartridge . This is why it stinks so much after a week.I got the Scoop Free by Fresh Step and it 's wonderful . My cat had a hard time with the new crystal litter and looked at it funny for 6 weeks . He peed in the floor once and my husband 's gym bag once . He just did n't like the new litter . The Ultra unit has a counter which counts each time he uses the box . I would check it when I came home from work and when I got up in the morning to see if he 'd used it . If he had n't , I 'd pick him up and put him in front of it over and over until he used it . I also used a motion sensor camera that I hooked up to my laptop so I could see what time he used it . This litter is harder and smells different than the clay he 's used to . I learned to sprinkle the clay litter on top every few days until he was completely used to the crystal stuff . The clay litter wo n't damage anything and the only problem with it is it gets stuck in the rake . Now he 's used to the litter and uses the box with no problem . The reason I feel this unit works so much better is because the rake pushes everything in a straight line instead of up and over like the Litter Maid . The litter does n't clump so nothing gets stuck in the rake . The crystals also do a great job of absorbing the smell of urine . There 's no smell from the box when I walk in the room . I do have a sofa beside it and I can smell it a little if I sit on the end right beside it . It 's my 2nd TV room so I 'm only in there when my husband is using the other TV so I can easily sit on the end that 's further away from the box .
 Failed -- catastrophically . Rake jammed at an angle and stopped while I was on vacation -- bad enough -- but did n't just quit . It continued to grind away , making a horrible clacking racket , while my poor cat fled in terror to do his business elsewhere . I will never use a Littermaid product again .
 I have had about 7 of these . They last about 2 months , then I call the customer service line and get it changed under the year warranty which each unit comes with . I have done this continuously for about 3 years . You just have to mail a check for $ 10 to cover shipping.They are cheaply made and the rake doesnt really work . The usual problem is that the rake gets stuck and the wheel on the side snaps . So it just keeps going and going . The rake only gets the large chunks . The small ones are left behind , so I still have to rake by hand on an almost daily basis . It is also very noisy.I 've been told the Cat Genie is good , but it is big , expensive and you need room in the bathroom by the toilet to put it .
 I just got done cleaning the unit we have for our cat . In order to do so , I had to come in more direct contact with soiled litter than a conventional box.The waste is to be pushed into a flimsy plastic bin . These bins do not fit properly , leaving gaps where litter is pushed into -LRB- resulting in large quantities of sand underneath the machine -RRB- . But they are held tight enough that removing them requires getting your hands dirty and may even cause some sand to be flung into your face as you unsnap the bin from the framework of the box.I have come to the conclusion that the producers of this machine do not own cats . The design problems are easily remedied if they noticed how bad it works now . If they owned cats and tried the machine in their homes , they would have to fix them since the machine - as it is - does not work properly.The machinery successfully cleans the box about 50 % of the time . The rest of the time , litterballs will be stuck in the tines , balls will get caught in the lid to the bin so it does n't close completely , and other bits of detritus remain in the litter pan.The machine is also very loud . So loud that one of our two cats avoided the machine entirely for a month . In fact , that 's where it works best . It frightens 50 % of cats so you have to clean it less.I CAN NOT RECOMMEND THIS UNIT TO ANYONE .
 Do NOT buy this one ! It simply does not work . The motor is too weak - it struggles upon the tiniest of clumps . It often does not make it across . I end up just having to scoop myself anyway . I had the original Littermaid version that was much , much better . That one had a stronger motor and lasted a couple of years . This one is totally different . I am planning on trashing this one and buying a different brand next time . Too bad considering we spent almost $ 200 for something that was made cheaply .
 Despite reading all of the bad reviews my husband and I decided to give the LitterMaid Elite a chance . We are a two cat household and I thought it would be so nice to have a little litter box duty relief . And it would have been , had the littermaid actually worked at all.Just like the reviews above stated the rake simply is non functional . The very first time our cat pooped in it the rake was unable to push it up into the waste receptacle . We tried everything . We put less litter in , then we tried filling the litter box up more -LRB- which did improve the success rate to about 50 % mind you -RRB- . Also , we noticed our sensors were not detecting the cats every time they went in it . So half the time the thing did n't even attempt to scoop it.This product really is a piece of overpriced trash . They obviously did not do any sort of consumer testing before putting the new `` elite '' model on the market . Or maybe they did and just did n't care.Thankfully Petsmart has a very generous return policy . We were able to take it back .
 I was originally excited to purchase the Litter Maid . However , my excitement turned to frustration and anger mere minutes after I unboxed the litter box . The first time it scooped the cat droppings out fine . After that all the machine would do is run constantly . I finally had to unplug the litter box , remove almost all of the litter and try again . Still the machine would not work . I finally after 1 week of owning it , threw it in the garbage . I WILL NEVER buy another automated litter box from this company .
 I owned one of the older littermaids for nearly 4 years and it worked well . Unfortunately , it finally broke down after 4.5 years and I had to buy a new one.Because my old one was so dependable , I thought I 'd stick with the same brand . Bad mistake.I bought one of the new Elite Mega Littermaids and it did not even work work a full two days . It stopped working and has never regained its functionality . Now I have an expensive manual litter box that I have to go and clean all the time.Save yourself the time and money and get another product . Do n't waste your hard earned cash on this .
 I recently purchased this product from Petco to replace an earlier model that I had for four years that finally died on me . I loved the earlier model.As soon as I opened this new model , I could tell that the entire thing was much more flimsy than my previous one . The plastic is thinner throughout , and the top part -LRB- the part with the motor and rake -RRB- does not latch onto the bottom basin that holds the litter as the old model did.This model does come with a built in `` ionic air cleaner '' that does little more than turn on a green light every time one of my cats uses it and makes a sound like static , which makes me worry that it will electricute them if their fur ever gets caught in it.As with other reviews , I , too , have noticed an increase in the amount of litter that my cats kick onto the floor around the box , but I also notice that underneath the box -LRB- under where the waste box connects to the litter box -RRB- there is always a pile of cat litter.Besides that , when I dump the clumps out of the waste box -LRB- I reuse the waste boxes a couple times because of the cost of the boxes -RRB- , I notice that there is a lot of unclumped litter that is being raked into my waste box , essentially being wasted by this model.I never had any of these problems with the previous models , and I would have purchased the older model when my old one died , except that my local Petco only carries this model.I paid a lot of money for this litter box , and I feel like I am being repaid by Littermaid with a lower quality product that wastes my money by making me buy litter more often and wastes my time by making me clean up the mess that is made by the product that is supposed to do it for me .
 I bought this litterbox in lieu of my old littermaid dying . My old littermaid worked great ! I was pleased but it had been a few years and the motor was starting to die . I have between 2-3 cats using the litterbox , and I have two side by side . I 'm a very busy person and I really appreciate using this device . Anyway , so I go out and buy the new one . I was very excited , but there were some problems right out of the box . Whereas everything assembled easily , the ramp to the box that the cats step on constantly falls off , it also does not seem to like sticking to the sleep timer , and it constantly reset . It is also HORRIBLY loud . Do NOT put this near your bedroom . It will keep you up all night.The biggest problem however was a month in of using the box , the rake got stuck . It would n't move from the dumping position just above the catch tray . It was not jammed , I fiddled with it , and making sure no litter had gotten built up . Nothing . It would act like it wanted to lower and I could find no reason for it not to . I returned it to the store I bought it from and even the store manager insisted I not exchange for a new one ! He thinks the design is flawed as he himself had similar issues.If it works for you I 'm glad , but my experience has been awful . Good luck .
 this products sucks . Designs flaws make it far inferior to the previous generation . I 'm going to switch to crystal system and am returning this unit .
 Have had my original littermaid for about 4 years now . Still working but wanted another for our 4 cats when going on a 10 day vacation . Bought the new Elite model to go with the original basic . After returning from vacation , decided to put the old one in the basement for storage until the next vacation . The Elite was supposedly good for multiple cats . Well , to be frank , the Elite allows clumped mess to get caught behind the raking bars so you have to scoop this out from behind . The biggest problem with this model is that it wastes sooo much good cat litter ! Yep , scoops so much more up than the clumped waste and deposits it into the collecting tray as well as into the floor . I personally think LitterMaid was trying to get consumers to buy more cat litter ... their brand ! Unfortunately for them I do not use their litter brand and will not be purchasing this type of model in the future . Did n't they test it before putting on the market ???
 It does what it 's supposed to do -- barely.As others mention , the older models work a lot better . This one seems to be vastly underpowered -- it struggles with every pass , and if it encounters a clump it ca n't handle , or something stuck on the bottom , or even just a slightly-too-large pile of cat sand , it james and stops , then goes back and tries again . This can go on for a long time until you go over and fix it . It happens a lot . It 's a bit messier than the old model , and putting the waste containers in is more of a pain.On the other hand , it does get most of the clumps/waste into the container when it does n't jam . It 's still less work than a manual litter box.But I wo n't buy another -- I 'll stick with the older models .
 We were happy with the originial litter maid product and when it died after three years we happily bought what we thought would be an even better product . It is awful . We have to scoop it ourselves several times a day . The box stinks because the rake breaks up the urine balls and never really rakes them into the receptacle . It dumps more litter under the box than in the receptacle . What a mess . We are shopping for a new product and we wo n't be giving litter maid any more of our money .
 I do n't know who the people posting positive reviews are - I 'm assuming they work for Littermaid or their PR firm . This box sounds like a metal garbage can being compacted and barely functions . Motor is far too weak and construction is beyond shoddy .
 I had the previous model for years and it worked great . I only purchased this one because the ease of cleaning -LRB- quick rake removal -RRB- . That is the ONLY good thing about this remodel . I 've only had it for a couple months and the wheels that guide the rake are already getting stuck . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone , especially at the price being charged . Stick with the old model ... it works far better !
 After reading the many negative reviews about this product , I have changed my mind about buying one . The statements all seem sincere and consistent . I will go with a different brand .
 All I can say is I am sorry one of the household 's two LM900 gave up after 3 years + . I had hoped this NEW & IMPROVED ?! LME9000 was worth the extra cost . Unlike the LM900 which picked up the waste and dumped it into the receptacle , this one sweeps it in ... most of the time . Even though the receptacle is captured and the transition from the litter to receptacle is much smoother , because it drags the waste , instead of lifting it , litter has a tendency to pour over the sides and on to the floor . I also find the receptacle door blocked open much more than the older version . The receptacle is much easier to remove for cleaning and replacement ... once you have the combination . The metal tines do not clean the entire box , but instead push some of clumps back to the starting position to be locked away until they are separately cleaned out by hand . The drive motor might be more quiet , but the mechanics behind the cleaner tines is clunky and very loud . All in all , I do not think I will be looking for another 9000 when the other LM900 4 years + old , finally gives up .
 Original LitterMaid finally died and we bought this new ` Elite ' unit and it is now in the trash ! Half of the waste gets trapped behind the comb and has to be manually cleaned out . Then after two days other waste traps the comb and it quits working all together . I sent e-mails to LitterMaid and got a computer generated answer and nothing else . Then the rolling wheels on the comb broke off and LitterMaid did send out a new comb but by then I had had it ! We then bought the basic unit -LRB- LM900 -RRB- again and it works like it is supposed to.LitterMaid - Leave well enough alone , this new model is JUNK !!
 I 've struggled to get the littermaid to work over 3 years . It has been replaced 4 times and I 'm finally giving up . The product is made of cheap components that easily break . The device will not last more than a year . The mechanism jams so easily , that it is only a marginal improvement over a regular litterbox . The customer service is appalling . The last unit failed after 2 months when a small nylon cog broke in half . -LRB- When I told the customer service person this , I was told that by opening the unit to find the problem , I had voided the warranty ! -RRB- Probably only a 10 cent part , but the company does not sell spare parts.The idea is good , but this product and the company is rubbish .
 I had an earlier model that worked fine , so I bought this one . BIG mistake . It is very noisy , the metal tined rake does not sift the litter well , and if the tines catch on something they pop the debris all over the floor when they snap free . Within a couple months the guide wheels broke off the rake making the whole thing useless . Customer service is abrasive and arrogant . Do yourself a favor and skip this one !
 After messing with it for a month I took it back . It rarely actually went all the way to push the litter out . Often it would just leave it at the edge . When it did push the litter all the way half of it went between the pan and the machine to end up on the floor . I ended up cleaning it out at least once a day . This is a horrible machine . I LOVED the prevous model . It worked great . This one is useless .
 I have a number of cats , , 5 now and as many as 8 at one time , and run 3 self cleaning machines , 2 older and a new 9000 version . all my earlier models had little issues , but nothing like this . I automatically `` manually '' have to go and clean it out , scrape the bottom and waste massive amounts of premium litter when it does a scoop cycle every day , I will go and get an older version or two from litter maid , they all worked , I did like the larger size but those metal tangs on the rake just do not cut it , One more example of newer is not always better , , Live and learn , , but learn from the unhappy reviews of all these customers , Good luck .
 I 've had this model for a month thinking also new & improved , WRONG . I have the same clumping problem as everyone else , I tend to go away for a few days at a time & NEVER had a problem with the older model . It needed some maintenance & occasional cleaning of the teeth , but at least it had the power to keep working even with back clumping . Tossing this & going back to the older model which worked flawlessly for 3 years .
 I purchased this litterbox after having been very satisfied with the old model for a couple of years.This box is nothing like the old one ... it is more expensive , more cheaply made , and does not work.Just a few of the problems I have encountered in the week since purchase
 I have never been so disappointed in a product that I have been using for at least 10 years . I have had 5 Litter Maids , my friends thought I had lost my mind when I bought the first one for over $ 200 , but it was worth it . Last fall I talked a terminally ill friend to buy one . I picked it up at Pet Smart and then started to hate it when it took me over an hour to put it together . Her caregiver would not use it and I thought she was wrong until after my friend 's death her brother gave me the littermaid . Boy , do I owe that woman an apology . Last week I replaced my old one with this new `` improved '' model . It does n't work ! The best thing has always been that the box is clean and the cats like that and will use it . This one does not remove everything . Why the metal comb ? Why does n't it go to the bottom of the pan ? Thank goodness I did n't throw out my old one . I am going to put it back and get rid of the new one -- what a waste of $ 135 . I am going to look for another brand after all these years . I tried to post this on the LitterMaid web site and got an error message . Obviously the company has changed or been sold
 I owned two of the older LitterMaids for several years . While not perfect , at least they worked . Recently , one stopped working and was n't worth fixing . So I thought I 'd replace it with the new LME model . WRONG MOVE.First , much of the plastic on the LME model is flexible . Unfortunately , flexible is n't always good . Second , there are no latches on this so the top just sits on the pan portion . Third , the slope where the rake sits in `` home '' position means that stuff gets trapped behind the rake until you scoop it out yourself . Fourth , the rake no longer moves far enough over the receptacle to properly work ; much of what 's raked up falls right back into the pan . Fifth , mine stopped working after just a few months ; the rake/motor unit gets stuck and just sits in the same place , making a clicking sound . Taking the unit apart , cleaning it , adjusting the position of the rake/motor did nothing . So now I 've got what amounts to a manual box.I recently replaced this dud with the older LM920 box . Am buying a couple more of those just in case .
 I purchased this , and it has NEVER worked.I had no problem at all with the * previous * deluxe model . So , after five wonderful years of use -LRB- with two cats ! -RRB- , I retired that one and was quite excited to try out the redesign with all of its new `` features '' . What a mistake ! Problem is the comb/rake would easily derail and then get stuck . It would then make this super-loud clicking noise , that would scare my cats from even getting near it.Needless to say , I have a $ 160 plastic box . I do NOT recommend this , but I do recommend the time-saving , albeit uglier , LM900 model .
 After owning a LitterMaid litter box for a number of years , it finally wore out . It gave us years of good service , and we were hapy with it.We purchased an ` upgrade ' to the Elite model . We are sorry we did!This machine set up OK , but we had problems from the start . The traveling scoop kept hanging up at the plastic ` deposit box ' and it would dump litter on the floor . This would make the machine work even more poorly.After a couple of weeks fiddling with it , the machine just quit working . The scoop arm just goes halfway through the box and reverses action.We now have a $ 100 + litter box that we have to manually scoop.Save your money .
 I had two of the original LitterMaid self cleaning boxes . I liked them quite a bit -LRB- some minor issues only -RRB- except that the motor died on each one right after the one year warranty ran out . When I saw a redesigned box , I thought it would be better . No Way ! It is worse . First of all , the original was made of good quality , sturdy plastics . This one , cheap and flimsy junk . The ionic breeze thing does not get rid of odors . Most of the time , the rake gets stuck in the up position and sweeps nothing . When it does work . the rake reaches just to the edge of the plastic receptacle , but does not push the waste in . They give you 4 free receptacles . Great , except mine were all bent and so did not fit properly in the opening . So many things wrong!These automatic boxes are a GREAT idea , but I have yet to buy one that lasts -LRB- I only have one cat by the way -RRB- or that even works properly . For now , we are all better off scooping .
 I was excited to get the `` new , improved '' LitterMaid box ... but boy was I disappointed.This thing is supposed to clean itself . After I set up the box per the manufacturer 's instructions and one of my cats used it for the first time , I waited to see what it would do . The rake got to the poop ... and stopped , and got stuck ! It backed up and tried again , but it could not scoop the poop . I had to do it by hand.Well , I thought , maybe that was just an abnormally difficult job for some reason ? Surely it wo n't do that every time.I was wrong.I think this thing actually does its job about 10 % of the time . The rest of the time it gets stuck , flashes its little green light , and I do its job for it -LRB- getting angrier and angrier every time -RRB- . Finally today , two very important little plastic pieces just broke right off the rake while it was attempting to `` clean '' the box . I intend to contact the company and request that they send me a replacement rake , but I do n't hold much hope.Do not buy this piece of junk . Get the old-style Littermaid ; it was n't as pretty but at least it actually worked most of the time .
 I 've had the older LM500 series for several years and been very pleased with it . After it finally died , I bought the newer design with the metal fingers . I wish I never did . Besides being very flimsy and underpowered , the engineering is terrible . There is an arm at one end of the carriage that routes the power around the guide rail and connects to a ribbon cable inside the top portion of the unit . The connector block on the end of the arm binds inside due to tight tolerances and poor design . The simple binding of the arm strains the motor to the point that the unit will stall without any litter in it . The arm flexes to the point that the block snaps free with a loud noise and then binds again a centimeter or so down the track . Eventually the unit stalls completely and reverses direction only to stall again on the way back . I have no idea why companies feel the need to `` improve '' products to the point where they no longer work . It is clear that their sole motivation is to increase the selling price while reducing the manufacturing costs . The end result is the loss of customers . BEWARE ! A smart cat will try to bury this turd .
 ************** AUGUST 2010 update
 We have been loyal littermaid users for years , with each new product the quality has been going down hill . The old version was the best even with not being able to take out the rake it would get stuck less.This new model has a great concept with the removeable rake however the motor does not have enough juice to push the litter . You ca n't have enough litter for kitty to dig in and the boxes are just a mess ! Hard to clean , constantly getting stuck -LRB- we have 5 cats and 2 littermaids -RRB- this worked fine with the old model . When the old model finally broke down we were excited to get the new model , well after 8 months the rake roller snapped off ! We were surprised when we read another review where this SAME thing happened and within the same length of time.How come littermaid ca n't come up with a better design ??? We have so many ideas to make this better . Littermaid ... please listen to these reviews and make some improvements!Anyway , after 9 years and hundreds of dollars wasted we have no gone back to your old scoop it yourself boxes and now we are cleaning less than we did with litter maid , there is also less litter being dumped onto the floor . We went with a hooded Bill 2 -LRB- s -RRB- from Pet Supplies Plus -LRB- $ 27 bucks -RRB- and they are working great . The kitties can dig and it holds far more litter and the best part is there so cheap you can just toss it out in a year and replace with a new one . Not to mention how much easier it is to clean 2 pieces instead of all the little parts that are in the littermaid.We used to recommend littermaid to anyone who had cats , now we can not . Save your money and go with a standard run of the mill hooded box !
 I shouldve read the reviews first before wasting my time and money buying this thing , putting it together , then cleaning it out , trying to get it back in the box to return.What a piece of junk . The rake doesnt even go deep enough to rake clumps buried . It only seems to rake the top half of the litter . Then it actually breaks up a lot of pieces since it doesnt go that deep so you have to back and scoop after it anyway . Who came up with this design ?? You would think that after years now of the littermaid being invented it should now be a super scooper . They actually made it worse than the previous design . The sleep timer is nice . Thats the only good thing I have to say .
 I would like to give this a negative score , if I could . I have never written a product review before , but this one is so bad that I would like to warn my fellow consumer . The plastic is flimsy and the parts do not fit together well so that the rake does n't pass easily through the litter and makes a noise that I would describe as sounding like quiet gunshots . It clicks and cracks and makes pounding noises . I called customer service - they told me to clean out the tracks that the rake runs through . Been there , done that , did n't help at all . I am going to call them for a full refund . It 's a total piece of junk - do n't waste your money -LRB- unless you like the occassional relaxing sound of quiet gunshots throughout your day -RRB- .
 . . it is NOT . I ordered it in error thinking that I was buying the original LM 500 . THat unit has its issues , but once you get used to the quirks , it works well . This `` improved version '' is anything but . First of all , it needs assembly and that 's not easy . Secondly , the rake just does n't work properly . It rides too high , missing a lot of debris , and the tines are too far apart . Our cats disdain to use it and have chosenn the rug instead . Ugh ! The only positive thing is that the vendor has given me a full refund .
 Horrible product . Pieces do n't fit together properly so it ends up raking litter onto the floor when it tries to clean . The plastic receptacles just make it worse and do n't close properly . It 's impossible to clean . Litter clumps against the rake , essentially rendering the thing ineffective at doing what it 's designed to do . The whole thing is about 10x more work than just scooping the poop yourself . Ours said it came with a battery option - which turned out to be nonexistent . We called the company to complain about the multiple dimensions of defectivness and they could n't have possibly cared less . Avoid at all costs !
 Well , this is probably the shortest lived model we have purchased . Our cat seems to go in the same corner of the box all of the time . Corrosion on the moving parts broke the small pin that drives the left side and the c-clip disappeared . I can not believe that they will not sell part for these units . Trash and I am sure that they will no longer be the recipient of any further purchase from myself or anyone else I can tell about it .
 I wish I had heeded the warnings in other peoples ' reviews of this device . Not only did it do a poor job , but , it was loud , -LRB- that is when it was actually working -RRB- , it is cheaply constructed and very poorly engineered . I ca n't say anything good about it . Eventually , after about a year , it ceased to function entirely . Rather than go through the hassles of getting it fixed , I threw it out . The older style Littermaid boxes were far superior to this new one.You are throwing away your money , as I did , if you buy one of these .
 this worked for 3 days and then never worked again . when it did work the litter came out the bottom and had a hard time scooping up even the smallest of things.Don ' t buy this !!!
 I have now had two littermaid units over the past few years and while it keeps a relatively clean box both units have broken in one way or another . There are many posts on the internet about how to `` reset '' the motor which will solve some problems ; however , the gears have stripped out of my units causing the motor to spin and spin until unplugged . When reaching out to the rude CS rep at littermaid I was able to reluctantly get them to give me an adress to send my receipt and power cord for the unit . That was the last time I have heard from that company . No replacement for my three month old unit and no contact from them . It is nice when it works but not worth the 150 dollar gamble for 3 months of a clean litterbox .
 Very disappointing - past units were very good -LRB- I have had 3 -RRB- , but this one was nothing but problems and broke after 6 months . I would avoid this model , very disappointing - a waste of money .
 I purchased this supposedly ` new and improved ' litter box in February 2012 after having the older version for several years . When I had the older version -LRB- before it finally died -RRB- , I recommended it to everyone that had cats , I loved it . The LME9000 Elite Series that I now have it the WORST !! I hate it ! The 2nd day I had it , I had to do the reset on it . Over the next few weeks , I had to reset it about 6 more times to get it working . Now , it rakes back and forth 5-6 times then stops . I 've tried everything ! I 've cleaned it thoroughly , used less litter , more litter , reset , different litter ... everything ! This piece of crap just does not work ! $ 180 down the drain as far as I 'm concerned . I just sent a complaint to customer service , we 'll see if anything comes of that . But for now , the box is unplugged and I have to clean it manually . I would have been better off buying a $ 10 plastic box because that is all this one is good for !! Junk , junk , junk !! Do not buy !!
 THIS NEW VERSION OF THE AUTOMATED LITTLER BOX TOTALLY SUCKS . ORDERED THE FIRST GENERATION OF THIS PRODUCT ABOUT A DECADE AGO , AND THEY STILL WORK GREAT ... THIS NEW VERSION FAILS TO PICK UP SMALL PARTICLES ... HELLO ! CATS POOP SMALL PARTICLES . AND THE STRUCTURE OF THE NEW VERSION CAPTURES POOP AND HOLDS IT IN A PART OF THE CONTRAPTION ... NOT A GOOD THING ... THIS NEW LITTERMAID SUCKS INTENSELY !!!!!!!
 I had heard good things about Littermaid , but the LME 9000 must not have been the model people raved about . Within 60 days , mine stopped working effectively . The rake just gave up and would n't scoop any clumps . It would just return to the home position and leave clumps unscooped . I ended up doing all the scooping myself , which I could have done for much cheaper with a regular litter box . I ca n't return it , but I 'm getting another one through the limited warranty ... which I will promptly sell and try a different company .
 Although the idea sounded great - not having to manually clean out the cat litter every day for two cats - the littermaid comb is too weak to actually move the gunk out into the plastic receptacle . Although I got the deluxe , supposedly for multiple cats and/or big cats , I end up having to clean it all up myself . Also , the plastic construction is rather flimsy - the plastic piece that moves up and down covering the waste receptacle broke on the first day .
 For $ 150 , please do not waste your money.Kitty promptly christened the new box after we assembled it , but the rake does not get high enough to deposit the goods over the edge into the little receptacle bin . If you 're okay with having the rake push everything to the front for easier scooping access , then this is the box for you.I have also heard quieter paper shredders than this thing . If you live in a house and can put it on a different floor , then it 's no big deal . In an apartment setting , it 's really irritating , especially if you 're trying to listen to something else while this thing grinds away in close proximity.On the good side , however , they have an easy programmable feature that makes the box `` sleep '' overnight so it does n't disturb anyone.Also , the construction , while not exactly shoddy , is flimsy enough that my 13lb Maine Coon makes the plastic ramp give under his weight . However , the `` privacy cover '' this thing comes with amusingly makes the contraption look like a Conestoga wagon . This has to count for something , but does n't make up for $ 150 of less-than-optimal design.In short , do n't buy .
 We had the older version of this litter box . It lasted approx . 2 yrs . My husband called LitterMaid to see what they could do for us . They offered this new Elite Mega to us at what seemed to be a discount price . When it finally arrived we noticed they sent us the Basic model which is smaller . We have 4 cats , 2 of which are rather large males , we need any extra inches offered . When we called the company to have them fix their error they refused . First trying to tell us there was no difference between the basic and mega and then saying they will pick it up , but will not honor the price for the Mega like they originally promised . Now they will not refund the shipping costs for their error and we are out of a litter box . With customer service like that they just lost a customer ! I will be ordering a Purrforma !
 I bought this one as a replacement on my old one that died after the one year warranty mark . I had it for approximately 6 months before it died again . The bar would just stop half-way through it 's journey across the box . :-LRB- Cleaning is a lil easier as the rake is removable and now steel , but overall this box is terrible . These boxes are really as much upkeep as a regular box . The manufacturer would have you to believe that you save money on litter because you waste less litter and in theory this is true , and certainly truer with earlier models . This particular model leaves a slight gap between the waste containers and the box and you end up with quite a daily pile of useable litter under the box . I am sure that if you really really wanted to , you could line under the box with newspaper or some such thing and lift the heavy littermaid and put the lost litter directly back into the box , BUT doubt anyone will go through the trouble.I will say this about their customer service though . I read horror stories online about the warranty . I contacted them when this model broke 6 months into purchase and they replied via email in about 24 hours . They asked me to give them a model num and date code that is under the battery compartment as well as a few other locations . I emailed them that , and they gave me a reference code and where to send my 10 dollar check for shipping and a piece of the wire that connects the circuit board that I had to cut out . From what I read online this is to prevent fraud and to ensure that the box you are seeking replacement of is in fact a dud . I DID NOT have to mail the receipt . Seemed odd to me . I figured there was some sort of mistake , so I called the 800 number , she said it was easy as that . She told me the date code was enough . I sent them the check and 7 days later exactly -LRB- in the middle of Xmas shipping too -RRB- I had my new littermaid . I had saved all the accessories of the old one including the scooper and power codes , but it came like the one at the store with about 10 containers and lids too . Funny thing is , it 's now a couple weeks later and they have yet to deposit the check for 10 dollars . I 'll call on that in the new year.The product is inferior is so many ways . I do NOT recommend it . The litter under the box , is now consistent with two units and it 's still a pain to clean . Warranty service is excellent though ! Just my two cents .
 We 've had our Elite for going on 8 months and it has progressively gotten worse , to the point where it will not even budge the tiniest of objects . It just makes a loud clacking sound . A plastic guide piece broke after about 3 months of usage . In short , this company is now making cheap plastic garbage , trying to bank on the reputation of the older one .
 This one is the worst one , I wish had bought the older model I had that had served up well over the years .
 I wish Amazon had negative or zero stars . We bought this as a replacement for the original and ended up eating our money & throwing this waste out with the trash . The cheesy rake with tiny metal prongs does not catch clumps , does not rake far down enough to the bottom , and does not move far enough forward to push the poop into the recepticle container . It just sits there at the junction & reeks . The motor is noisy and slow . The assembly was complicated and you ca n't easily disassemble it to clean it like the old one . The sides of the box are low and our cat accidentally flung litter out every time she scratched . A horrible , horrible mistake ... not `` improved '' over the old one at all . You 're better off with a $ 2 plastic box & old-fashioned disposable clay litter -- you 'll end up changing the entire box of litter about every day with either choice.But actually we found another old model Littermaid new at WalMart -- I still ca n't believe they discontinued that one for this `` Mega Advanced '' piece of junk .
 In my neverending search to eliminate one of my most dreaded chores -LRB- scooping cat litter -RRB- , I tried the plastic roll over sifting cat litter pan . I read the reviews for it , believed them , so I bought it . Yeah well it did n't live up to the reviews . So then I think electric must be better , right ? I previously owned a Littermaid which I was n't impressed with but I figure in fairness that 's been several years ago now and surely they must have ... excuse the pun ... built a better mousetrap by now . So I invest $ 150 for the pan and extra disposable receptacles and a mat that 's supposed to track the litter when the cat exits the pan -LRB- and that product is a whole other story -RRB- . Well I would rather have had the $ 150 back to invest in my ongoing quest to establish the largest Vera Bradley collection ever . About 3 months after I purchased the pan , the motor went kaput . Wow , what a great product ... they 've made so many improvements . NOT . So my lesson is that I should have paid attention to the majority of reviews for this product and believed them . I 'm now going back to the old plain $ 15 deep sided Rubbermaid pan and dreaming for the day I either hit the lottery and hire someone to scoop cat litter or that someone finally invents a scooping cat litter pan that works like it does in my dreams .
 The Elite is far from elite , in fact it is the `` Edsel '' of self cleaning litter boxes . The previous models were adaquate requiring little intervention . With this new model you might as well a buy manual litter box and a scoop . This litter box never cleans well and scatters litter all over my floor , the litter box is literally full of s + + t most of the time .
 this littermaid is crap . worst design ever thought of . how it got into production ill never know . it dosent scoop litter , letting your cats crap all over the house would be eaiser for you to cleando not buy this
 The older model that I had for a few years stopped working , so I decided to buy this newer model - A BIG MISTAKE . The older model was n't perfect , but it worked okay . This model is a different story . The new one that I bought quit working in a day . I gave it the benefit of doubt , exchanged it and got another one . The second one 's motor died on the same day . The motor is very weak . The rake gets stuck even there is no waste inside . I thought that I might have put too much litter in it , so I filled the the litter box with less than the minimum amount recommended , and it still got stuck . I mean it stopped in the middle and kept going back and forth until I turned off the unit . Eventually the motor died . I read the bad reviews here before I decided to buy it , thinking that since the older version worked okay , the newer version ca n't be THAT BAD , but it is . I returned the second one and got a regular litter box . Do not buy this . You will regret it , but if you still want to give it a shot , buy it at your local pet store -LRB- That 's what I did -RRB- , so you can return it easily if needed .
 Littermaid sent me this one after thier last piece of crap I bought came with a burned out motor . This one has a weak motor , and it fails to scoop anything . It 's going in the garbage . Stay far away from any of the littermaid products .
 The Littermaid Elite was the worst purchase that I have ever maid -LRB- pun intended -RRB- ... No muscle to scoop the poop ... and the motor died after little use . Should have returned it . Now , we have it unplugged , and the most expensive cat litter box we own . I had a LM900 before and it worked great for a few years . Should have purchased another one before the ? ... Elite ... ? Just now ordered another LM900 . Hope it works like before ... Was sad and happy the ? Elite ? hadso many negative Amazon reviews !!
 I 've had my LM9000 since October ' 08 , about 20 months . In about April this year , or 17 months into use , the rake stopped working completely - which defeated the purpose of the box . And , of course , the warranty lasts only a year.I 'll stop for a moment to make this point - the mattress I bought two years ago Labor Day has a warranty for 15 years and cost $ 800 . The LM9000 has a 1-year warranty and costs $ 150 . Going by the LM9000 's price , my mattress would have had a 5 and a half year warranty . And you know what ? I probably would n't have bought it , because that would have told me the manufacturers thought it was a piece of cr@p . My glasses cost half as much as the LM9000 and had a warranty of twice as long!But back to my review
 This is one of the worst purchases I have ever made . It is dirtier than other litter boxes and requires more work.When I decided to buy one , I figured there were just a lot of naysayers on here . That is because I desperately wanted to believe that there was an easy way to deal with cat litter . Do n't believe the lie , friend . You will pay 90 % more for this than a cheap litter box , and do just as much if not more work . Listen , and do not make the mistakes of those who have gone on before you.Do not buy this !
 You 're better off manually scooping the mess yourself . When your cat covers his messes , it can sometimes leave a big clump that the rake gets stuck on . Sometimes the pan at the end of the machine tips and leaves mess on the floor anyway.My SOLUTION
 We started with the original littermaid automatic cat box . it worked great until something made it stick in the full out position after 2 years . We replaced it with the littermaid elite mega and that was such a bad mistake . first , the LEDs on the controls bothered the cats especially the blue one for the filter , and the time clock . why do you need a clock on a cat box . THEY CA N'T TELL TIME !!! covering those with duct tape helped , but then It just did not have the poop to rake a good clump all the way to the bin . for smaller clumps it would rake it all the way , but would also take a good sized scoop of fresh litter with it . weak wastefull , and a step down from the original . mega headache and not elite .
 Neat product but the cat makes more of a mess with the litter and it forms underneath the litter box so it makes more work for me .
 I rate this item 1 star because there are no lower ratings that I can use . Read some of the other 1 star reviews for details of the problems with this machine . I have used two LitterMaid cat boxes for the past seven years and absolutely LOVE them . But one finally bit the dust and I ordered this new Elite Mega model as a replacement . I know , I know ... . I read the reviews but just could not believe the product was as bad as they said since my original boxes were so great . Well , this piece of junk lived up -LRB- or down -RRB- to even the worst review ! After suffering with it for a few months , I finally purchased a new machine ; the older LitterMaid model Mega LM-900 and threw this new model machine in the trash . The LM-900 is a FAR superior machine and I am now quite happy with my decision . Suffice to say ; DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY on this product ! Buy one of the older LitterMaid models ... you 'll be happy you did !
 I wish I could give NO STARS for this !!! I have to say that I have been a LOYAL customer of LitterMaid for almost 10 years and I just bought the LitterMaid Elite and I can not stand it . To begin with , you can not move the litter box without the top coming off . There are no latches to lock the top and bottom . It is MUCH louder than the older models and it does not clean at all . I still have to go up and scoop the litterbox every day . All the rake does is push the litter around and the poop gets stuck behind the rake . I guess that the only bonus is that the rake comes off so you can clean all the yucky litter out . The way the receptacles fit , all the litter falls out and I have it put together properly . I am so disappointed with this new model . I will be returning it and purchasing an older model . This product is terrible . If you want a good litter box , get the older models of the LitterMaid .
 I wish I had seen more of these reviews before buying the elite after my last one died . I have used these machines for almost 10 years ... they lasted for a good 3-5 years each before they just stopped working . the older models were quite sturdy although haed to be careful with amount of litter and the newer tines are easier to clean . however this one is quite flimsy and have to take apart to pull the recepticle in and out . the recepticles really do n't fit well especially the flimsy replacements . may be looking at alternatives soon as bit of a hassle to use ...
 I have had complete satisfaction with other models I have purchased , but this one was ineffective in keeping the litter clean and the motor gave out in under 6 months of use . Prior models I have owned have lasted several years each and were well worth their price . This model was a complete let down .
 The last one of these I had died in under a year . The replacement died in less than a month . I 'm getting tired of being on hold with their customer service , I 'm looking at other options .
 While this product 's rake uses metal tongs , the axles and wheels which guide it down tracks on either end are made of plastic . As a consequence , the wheels snap off the rake and you have yourself a very expensive standard scoop-it-yourself cat box.I suffered this same failure twice within a year or so of purchase and had to scold customer support before they 'd send a warranty replacement the first time around -- They tried to blame their product 's failure on my being overseas and seemed unimpressed with the fact that the power supply continued to work just fine , thank you.This was the second Littermaid automatic cat box I purchased -LRB- two separate models -RRB- , and the first failed during the warranty period as well . In my defense , I thought the `` upgrade '' to the `` Elite Mega '' meant less of a chance of premature failure.Needless to say , this last Littermaid purchase was really my LAST Littermaid purchase.Caveat emptor .
 If you insist on throwing away money , why not send it to a worthy cause - Me ! The only truth in the descriptionof this cat box is the phrase `` just throw it out '' . Six Hundred litter boxes on Amazon and this is the number eight box purchased . Is everyone Insane ?! If I had read these reviews before shelling out list price at a pet shop for this , I could have bought a couple scoop pans and a decent camera to make a video of proper scooping technique.Do yourself a favor , Believe us ! This cat box IS REALLY REALLY JUNK!Here is a good alternative : Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Large , Green and BeigeI know , I know , it 's not automatic but it is sort of fun - for folk with cats anyway - and it does the job , so to speak . We bought one of these after we made do for a while with two cheapo boxes after we threw out the auto -LRB- three cat family -RRB- . The only issues I 've found with this box are that the top will come loose if you use the edges of the opening to move it around - a Bad Thing when part way through a roll - and you can dump a lot of usable litter into the extraction container if you roll it too fast . Has to be one of the most ingenious products I 've seen in a long time.The litter recommended in the reviews of this box - World 's Best Cat Litter 00628 Extra Strength 34lb - works well in this and regular boxes . I have some doubts about how long it really lasts , but when you can get it delivered to your door free and for less than you can buy it elsewhere , a couple days one way or the other is no big deal . Strangely , this litter is also offered `` Used and New From ... '' . `` Used '' cat litter , excuse me !
 I see that someone has already uploaded a photo of the little roller which breaks off from the rake . I was able to fix that pretty easily with a hand drill and a sheet-metal screw . I have another screw stashed away for when the other side breaks . Actually I suppose that should be `` if '' but only because I might never use the thing again.As if all the other problems posted were n't enough , mine also has a broken plastic arm underneath the motor section , which is supposed to hold the wires out of the way as the rake ` trolley ' goes down the track . Well , it 's not totally broken off , or it would have severed the wires too , but it 's bent enough that nearly half the time it jams about when the trolley gets halfway down . Eventually it gives up and goes back `` home '' having not even halfway scooped the box . I have n't yet read every single review so maybe this has already been mentioned.If this is the `` latest and greatest '' from Littermaid , I feel sorry for anyone who works there , because the company has to be headed for the same place as these Elite 9000 Megas all seem to be going - trash heaps . I only wish I had n't lost the paperwork , or I might investigate getting a `` lesser '' model as a replacement.Maybe I 'll take a picture of the bent arm , so that others can look and say `` that looks just like mine . '' I have not trashed it all yet because I thought I might be able to add some kind of straightening and strengthening support under there , if I could find a small piece of METAL close enough in size to make it fit.One of my associates suggested `` just drive another screw through it right there '' but at that time neither of us realized there were WIRES running through `` right there '' I almost wish I had just done it , since then I could have just thrown it ALL out .
 I had 2 older model Littermaid boxes . They worked fine but they had a built-in design problem -LRB- planned obsolescence ? -RRB- so they only lasted a couple of years each . The power cord for the scooper would eventually break from metal fatigue at which point the scooper was dead . I bought the new model because Littermaid fixed the power problem by redesigning how the scooper worked . Unfortunately , although the power cord was fixed , the overall operation of the unit was vastly inferior to the previous models . The new scooper is supposed to slide on plastic rails but it always jams . The motor unit ca n't figure out when to stop backing up . The scooper itself is under powered . The older units worked fine ; this new one almost never works . Save yourself the aggravation and the money . Based on my experience , I ca n't recommend this Littermaid product .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS MODEL !!!! I 've had a cat for 15 years and he 's gone through 3 Littermaids . The first 2 were the orginial design and I loved it . This model is a piece of crap ! It does not scrape the waste properly . There is nothing to hold the scraper down and really force it to rake through the litter and whatever the cat leaves behind . I 'm searching for an older style model .
 I have used Littermaid for years , including an earlier version of the Mega Elite . This last one I purchased lasted about two weeks . It always seemed rather sluggish and did n't have much power . Then , after two weeks , the motor just stopped halfway through a cycle . I did n't have the box any more so I could n't return it . I think I am finished with Littermaid.Update . Well , I gave Littermaid one last shot . What a mistake ! The last ... and really mean it this time ... . LIttermaid Elite I bought lasted longer than 2 weeks . It lasted 6 months before the motor burned out . When I was in Petco recently , I mentioned my displeasure with Littermaid to the clerk . He said a another customer recently told him the motors on Littermaid burn out too easily . No kidding . Bye Bye LIttermaid . I 'm through with you . I have converted now to ScoopFree , It gets much better reviews , so I am optimistic .
 We 've been a Littermaid house for years . When our LM900 died a year ago , we went in search of a replacement . Unfortunately we found only two Littermaids in stores - the LME9000 and the Littermaid classic . The classic was too small for our two-cat household , so we went with the LME9000.Apparently Littermaid has spent more time coming up with new adjectives -LRB- elite ! mega ! advanced ! -RRB- to put in product names than in product engineering . For starters , the motor seems to be way underpowered compared to previous models . Perhaps some of this is due to the fact that they added a -LRB- completely useless -RRB- air filter to the rake unit . We 've always had our Littermaids in our bedroom , and now we 're woken every night with the sound of the Littermaid struggling over and over and over and over and over and over again trying to move small poops into the tray . Sure , there 's a timer on the unit so we could tell it to not work at night , but then our picky cats wo n't have a clean litterbox at night , and the carpet would start looking like a better place to go.Other problems include the new litter rake , which at first seemed like a good idea -LRB- wire tines instead of plastic , and it 's completely removable -RRB- , but the rake seems to get gummed up with poo more now than the old , plastic ones did . The motor seems to have a shorter lifespan on this model as well - we used to get around three years of use with the older models , but the motor has started to go on this one after not even two years , probably because it has to make repeated attempts to clear the box.This is n't an `` elite mega advanced '' Littermaid . It 's a Littermaid with features that seem to have been designed by committee -LRB- `` Hey , you know what this thing needs ? An air filter ! '' -RRB- and put to market without much testing . I 'm sure it costs Littermaid much less to make , but it does n't work nearly as well as their older boxes . If you can still find an LM900 , I 'd strongly recommend getting it instead of this model .
 This thing is absolutely horrible ... makes a ton of noise , wastes litter , scares the cats and squishes all their poop on the back wall . I 'm sticking with the good old fashioned pooper scooper from now on .
 I am disappointed with this product beyond belief .1 . The littlest bit of anything stuck in the bottom of the tray makes the machine go back and forth , back and forth , until it finally times out and stops , making it so that I have to go scrape it myself . The tines also end up with stuff stuck all over them and have to be scraped as well . So it 's got me trained real well as an automatic scraper .2 . The carbon filter will not stay stuck to the recepticle lid and ends up falling into the used litter and waste . I finally stuck it up there with silicone glue so it would stay .3 . The recepticle does n't seat tightly enough next to the base pan , allowing excess litter to fall between the recepticle and pan and end up in a huge pile underneath the whole unit .4 . The carpeted ramp does nothing to remove litter from our cat 's paws .5 . It is difficult to clean .6 . It is noisy.I have opted to get rid of it in favor of another system with continuous bags from Litterworks.com . They have several models that will work along with Littermaid automatic boxes . But I opted for me just scooping into the continuous bag mounted inside a cabinet that I built.Anyway , so ends my experience with automatic litter boxes . I wish I had seen Litterworks before purchasing the Littermaid .
 I have used the LitterMaid for many years , and , until recently , it was fine . Now , instead of 3 br , 2 bath house , with a garage or laundry room where I could put my noisy Littermaid , I live in a small 1 br , 1 bath apartment . The only place I could find to put my Littermaid was in my small bathroom . It takes up almost the entire wall between the door and the tub . And my bathroom is located in my bedroom area next to the walk-in closet . So , needless to say , my main complaint is THE NOISE of the unit . It 's so loud , it sounds like it is next to my bed . Also , I 've had to replace my Littermaid every 2-3 yrs . This time I bought the Elite Mega , hoping the ion air cleaner would help with the smell . Nope , does n't work . Especially with Poop . In fact , sometimes I wonder if is n't blowing the smell out , because numerous times it has smelled like my cats have pooped somewhere else.Other complaints :1
 I have one large female cat . I purchased this litter box never owning an automatic litter box before . Unfortunately it was an impulse purchase in a pet store and I did not research it . I purchased this model because my cat is big and I wanted her to have enough room . It was expensive , but I figured it would be nice to not have to scoop everyday . The first problem after getting her used to the box was the litter was not deep enough for her , yes I filled it to the line , so she piled up the litter into little mountians causing it to spill into the gears that are exposed under the top half . It clogged the gears requiring me to clean them with Q-tips . It took hours . I thought she would get used to it and stop doing this , but she didnt . It spills the litter out the front over the waste receptical so the lid does not close properly . If she goes on the rake , it clumps there and stays stuck to the rake which pushes clean litter into the waste receptacle , and pulls the waste right back into the box . It requires more maintance than a regular $ 15.00 plastic washable litter box . It was a complete disappointment . The box needs daily maintenance so it is not a convenience . The motor is not strong enough and when it comes upon a large clump of urine , the rake will hit it and then back up and hit it again and continue to do this until I shut it off and remove the clump . I use the recommended clumping litter . Now after six months it is ready to fail , making terrible noises and I have to leave it off , just turning it on twice a day after I loosen any urine clumps in it . It is going in the trash and I will be happy to have a regular litter box again . I kept it past the 30 days for return hoping my cat would get used to it . That was a big mistake for me . Then I kept using it because it was so expensive . But now its trash . It was trash when I bought it and I would never recommend this box to anyone . I was told by a friend it was because my cat is too big . She is a 17 pound Maine Coon Cat , so when she goes , she goes . If there is a problem with not being able to handle a large cat , they should have a warning on the box , a size or weight limit .
 This is absolutely a piece of junk ! I have an older model that works great and have had it for several years . Recently a friend bought this one for her cats and did n't like it and offered it to me . I took it to keep out on the patio for my outside cat . The prongs are too wide apart that it is n't getting all the clumps . The trays do n't seem to fit right , so the clumps end up on the ground . It is just horrible . I have gone back to just a regular old litter box as the other one was n't worth all the hassle . They need to go back to their earlier model and get rid of this one . I have never had a bit of trouble with my other one . I do n't know why they felt they needed to change it . Probably so that they could charge more !
 Ok , before I bought this item , I read all of the reviews . I was careful to only use the expensive premium litter and was sure not to fill above the line . However , after only having it about 3 weeks , the gears starting making a clicking noise when cleaning . Then , it started continuing to run constantly and would n't shut off . We called the company , and they told us where to find the reset button and how to do it . We did that and now , every time that it is supposed to clean the box , it not only makes a clicking noise , but runs 5 times back and forth -LRB- clicking down the whole track each time -RRB- , instead of just once like it is supposed to do . Very annoying!I am very dissatisfied with this product . We have 2 cats and keep it turned off so that it wo n't run 5 times each time one of the cats decides to use it . So , I guess I have a $ 100 regular plastic litter box sitting at my house now .
 A waste of money . This is a pile of junk . Was better with a hand scooper .
 This litter box is alright , but if you dont have the tent/cabana that goes over the sides and top , litter gets EVERYWHERE . plus if you dont have something to set the litter box on top of , litter and small pieces of cat poop and pee will get underneath it , HOPE you dont have it on carpet in that case . . PLUS if you cant handle the smell of cleaning a normal litter box , dont wait more than 3 days to clean this one , because rather than the smell being in the air , it is all contained in one box , so if you wait too long to change it , beware of the smell ... i 'm not too impressed with this product , its more of a hassle than anything . . it is also VERY large , my bathroom is not big enough for my cat and myself to use the same bathroom .
 I got this on a major sale at a local pet shop , and now I know why . First , you do have to keep it filled fairly high , or else the rake wo n't get the waste . The cat also is able to urninate beyond the rake , which forces me to remove the rake and clean out the clumps with the scooper . This is not why I bought a self-cleaning litter box.When the rake does lift up the lid to deposit the waste , sometimes the plastic receptacle lid falls loose , and it makes a mess . I wind up cleaning more around this litter box than any traditional one.It is also very noisy when running - enough to wake me up at night , and I am a heavy sleeper .
 We had two of the older basic models which worked pretty good ... This new elite STINKS ... If you buy one make sure to train your cat to pee toward the front of the litter box . If they are like ours and pee toward the back the rake will not lift out the soiled litter ... The litter will turn to drywall mud and stick harder to the bottom than gum on your shoe . The other gripe is it seems to use more litter than our old models , , , I think most of it ends up under the loose fitting poop trays ... We e-mailed LitterMaid the company and thus far have gotten the run around . We have had it for about 2 months . .
 I had an original Littermaid for about 6 years and it finally quit on me . I purchased the Elite thinking it was the same thing - NOPE ! Very poor quality ... I 've had this for 41/2 months now and I am constantly having to clean up litter UNDER the litterbox . Also , the part where the disposable container sits is really flimsy and keeps coming off anytime you move the box . The rake does n't always catch everything either . I am so very disappointed - I used to recommend my Littermaid to everyone but this new model sucks . Sorry !
 I wish I had read the reviews on Amazon before I purchased the Elite 9000 and 9250 . The noise it makes is unbelievable - it sounds like a jet taking off a JFK . It interrupts conversations in other rooms , and requires you to turn up the TV in the living room even though the box is inside a closet in the foyer . Try explaining to dinner guests what the racket is all about . Appetizing , no?Further , the litter clumps tend to get trapped BEHIND the start position of the rake and so can never be scooped by the rake . You have to manually scrape and scoop this area daily to maintain function of the rake arm if your cat pees in that direction.The rake arm tends to toss litter over the sides and there is no side retaining wall , and it is difficult to correctly thread the waste receptacle box between the box base and motor unit top as required , so there is often gapping , which spills out dirty litter and clumps between the box and receptacle - an area that is very hard to clean - and the build up of the stray litter makes it impossible to position a new receptacle even beyond the usual threading difficulty . The receptacles themselves are flimsy , and if you try to pick up a filled one with one hand , they will rip apart and deposit litter everywhere , including shooting it into your face.After the first week , the rake arm decided it would rake with not one pass , but with FIVE passes , for no apparent reason . I could not get it to reset . It is absolute TORTURE to hear this thing start up and wonder during which of the five passes the thing will die . I have to turn it off an night , because the noise wakes me up , and I find myself in bed , counting each rake arm pass , praying it will not jam.I finally realized I was spending more time fixing , unclogging , scooping and scraping this box than I would if I had a manual box . I got to be rather good at diagnosing problems , as virtually every Saturday I would be on the floor with the whole thing disassembled . This thing was taking over my life!I finally woke up to the fact that this was no way to be spending my precious time when it broke again this Sunday ; this time it was a piece of plastic integral to the rake arm 's function that shattered and I can not repair it . I could probably order a replacement part and keep on fiddling , but I 'm DONE after 3 months of this lunacy . Now , I have the world 's most expensive manual scooping litterbox . What a waste of time and money!I have had the earlier Littermaid models - I think the 500 series - and I remember them having quirks , but being fairly reliable at least , although they do only tend to last a year or so before you need a new one . They were quieter , too . The older plastic litter receptacle used to be of heavier plastic , too , so you could actually reuse them without them falling apart . The new model is of flimsier plastic . I am thinking of purchasing a Smart Scoop box , or perhaps upgrading to a Litter Robot -LRB- litter-robot . com -RRB- , which seems to have a better track record in terms of longevity and customer satisfaction . It does cost over $ 300 , but may be worth it in the long run if because it does not have the same obvious design flaws as the Littermaid , and it does have an 18 month warranty , so it will probably have a longer life than the Littermaid usually does . I 'll keep you posted .
 The items -LRB- s -RRB- were not purchased on amazon , so before the purchase I did not see or read the many negative reviews this product so appropriately deserves . I purchased two new littermaid elite mega litterboxes to replace older versions that had failed . You would think that a newer design would perform well or be an improvement . Nix that thought as the littermaid elite mega is a major step backwards . Both of the new littermaids have failed to operate new out of the box . One will not move at all , the other does not complete a cycle . Neither of the two new elite mega littermaids has performed a single cleaning cycle . I rate these littermaids a big fat zero . The company website page to get contact information or support will not load , the error message is
 We bought this last Christmas for our one indoor cat . I was pregnant and my husband HATED -LRB- and often forgot -RRB- to change the litter in a regular box . So we thought this was wonderful . First off , it is big , and the tent we bought -LRB- from the manufacturer -RRB- barely fit around it and was a hassle to try to change the receptacle while in . So we stopped using the tent . Secondly , it was LOUD . Super super super loud . Like , my sister who lives in the basement was having a hard time sleeping because it sounded like someone was drilling in the ceiling loud . We followed the directions and only put a small amount of litter in the box . For a while , it worked pretty good , but at about 6 months , it just stopped scooping all the way . We cleaned it , and tried again with the same problem . So we 're done . Do n't waste your money !
 This litter box is an absolute nightmare compared to the prior Littermaid that I owned - believe the bad reviews .
 If you are looking to buy this particular model , you should drive down the highway and start throwing your money out the window , because that is what you are doing if you buy the LME9000 Elite Mega.My 2 year old can clean a liter box better than this piece of crap can.If you purchased this model like I have , scrub SUCKER that was writing on your forehead like it was mine and buy the LM900 Mega.It is a better product .
 While this litter box looks very sleek , the metal rake sits too high and therefore does not sweep anything properly into the waste container . Since acquiring this box , I now have to clean the box daily , defeating the purpose of a automatic box .
 The Elite LitterMaid is definitely a big step backward from the last model . We owned a LitterMaid for about 5 years , and loved it . We had a few minor issues with it , but overall it worked pretty good . It wore out a couple months ago . I saw the `` new and improved '' LitterMaid Elite model , and I thought the new design looked good . It was more expensive than the older model , but I figured that was because of its new and improved design , and it would be worth the extra cost . Well , with the very first use I did n't like it . The motor is very loud -- quite a bit louder than the older model . And after two months of trying to get it to work by adjusting the litter level like some other reviewers recommended , I am ready to throw it out . It simply does not work . It 's really disgusting -- rather than scooping and dumping , it smashes and smears , jams and spills . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS MODEL . I 'll buy the older model if I can find it , or I will go back to the old-fashioned `` do it yourself '' scooping.If the rating system would have allowed me to give it `` No Stars '' , that 's the rating I would have given it . One star is too good for this hunk of junk .
 I have had the first model over the past 13 years , I have gone thru 3 maybe . Well my last one finally quit after 5 years so I got this one . What a bad idea . The new design is horrible ! It is so loud , the motor is weak , it is constantly cycling until I go in and un jam it and that is if only one cat pees . I ca n't believe how cheap it is now.I am ordering the older style one and I am not happy I wasted so much money on this litterbox.Do not buy this , find the older model ...
 The manufacturer sent us this model -LRB- LME9000 -RRB- to replace a different style that broke while under warranty . The LME9000 is a poor design with a weak motor . If it looses the power , you must manually turn the box back on which does not help if you are away or do not know of the power fail . Our motor continues to work now but can not `` scoop '' into the disposal container -LRB- this is with or without litter in the box -RRB- . When it did work properly , the rake would often push against the container and deposit the waste under the box . The only plus is that you could use more litter , which the cats seem to like , than some older models without jamming . We have had older models of the Littermaid products that may have had little issues but at least would last longer the 2-3 months -LRB- with 2 cats -RRB- as this one did -LRB- older models lasted a couple years with use from 3 cats -RRB- . We currently have an older model -LRB- we use 2 boxes at a time -RRB- that is still going strong after 3 years .
 We 've gone thru our third one of these in only a year and a half . All three died , in various ways , and worked very poorly when they worked at all.The first one worked , badly , for just over two months , then the rake stopped running at all . LitterMaid refused to do anything about it , saying `` go back to the store we bought it '' . The second worked , sort of , for just under a year , but had to be cleaned about every other day , because the new rake assembly does n't really remove litter clumps . Litermaid said we were using the wrong litter , but we 'd used exactly what they recommended.The third one worked for less than three months , but was so weak that it failed to clear most clumps and the rake got clogged within hours of cleaning , so we wound up doing almost daily maintenance . For $ 12 I could get a plastic bin that worked better than this expensive piece of junk . About two months in , the rake assembly somehow twisted so it 's more than an inch out of alignment . The rake runs , but one end goes beyond the end of the unit , thus creating a `` jamb situation '' every time it runs , so it runs , and runs , and runs ... leaving the poor cat going elsewhere in the house.We 'd owned a LitterMaid LM900 for several years , and it worked quite well . We had to dump the bin periodically , but rarely -LRB- once every month or two -RRB- had to mess with the tray and the rake . We discovered the `` obsolete '' -LRB- according to LitterMaid -RRB- LM900 was available thru Amazon , and we have just purchased another one . We much prefer the obsolete model to the absolutely useless LME9000 .
 I went through 3 of these boxes in less than 2 yrs . The motor just does n't last that long . It gets messy and yucky and loud very quickly . If you have more than one cat , the resevoir that the rake dumps into fills up daily and can overflow , so you end up scraping the bottom of the pan that the rake does n't reach and cleaning out the dumpsite everyday . It is not less work than a traditional . . Please look at comments of the Tidy Cat Breeze system , it is wonderful , I am steering you in a glorious direction .
 This is our third littermaid automatic box . The first one we bought in 2004 . It was a basic model . It lasted 3 years and did have it 's problems during that time . Washing it was difficult , even in a big basement sink . The electric connectors got wet , even being careful to keep them dry . After drying for days it would work again . After one wash , it did n't start working again . . until we looked for a new one on ebay and found a book , yes a PDF book on how to fix your littermaid . The repair man for these machines wrote a book . We paid $ 10 , and got the book . We drilled a hole near the electrical sensor near the receptical box and it worked again . The rake got stuck often and flung poo . The motor finally died . In 2007 we bought a new model . I liked the night timer , which is good , because it is LOUD . It worked like a charm , for about 6 months , then the plastic gears it slides on started to get worn and would skip on the gears . The motor was n't strong enough to move pee clumps . I tried different brands of litter , it did n't matter . I used spray oil to keep them from sticking , it did n't matter . Finally , the motor died . In 2009 , last month , we bought a new one , we thought if it lasted a year we 'd be happy . It stopped moving clumps within 2 weeks of buying it . It keeps trying and trying and often stopped in the middle of the box , getting stuck , the cats did n't like having to poop around the bar , good thing I have a traditional box too . We kept the packaging box and will be returning it back to petsmart tomorrow . When my husband bought it , the sales girl did say we can return it , because `` everyone does '' . I only wish the motor was stronger , becuase it 's a good concept and the first older model was n't too bad , ok it was bad . I 'd pay $ 100 for one that worked for a year , but that is not the case anymore.If you do decide to buy this , use 4 gallon plastic bags and line the receptical the box , it will save you money on those expensive boxes.I will now buy a traditional box and use the litter locker like I have on the first floor of the house.I really advise against buying this box and maybe the makers will design it with a better stronger motor and gears . If you do buy , kept your receipt in a safe place.I have two rescue cats : - -RRB-
 All you need to do is read J H Minde 's review . Put 's it straight and clear . They need to include a less than zero rating though this would n't even get that from me . I own this disgusting piece of advanced technology and I 'd rather have a good old litter box to scoop every day than it . I 've owned it for about 3 months and spent more time and money on it than I care to think about . Everything in Minde 's review is exactly what I 've experienced . YOU ARE CRAZY TO PURCHASE THE LITTERMAID ELITE . You have been warned . And I paid far more than this price offer which really makes me crazy .
 This is a TERRIBLE designed Littermaid . First , the rake sits in the litter creating clumps on the back wall , so it wo n't retract all the way . Second , the collection box fits poorly leaving gaps . Also , the way the box assembles makes it much harder to empty.Compared to the prior design , this one is a complete travesty and should never be sold . If you buy this one , you will regret it .
 We 're on our fourth rake for this product , which is woefully lacking in any kind of design work . Littermaid 's customer support lacks as well . We are on our fourth rake -- the wheels constantly break off and at $ 30 per replacement rake and the headache involved in cleaning this absolute piece of cr * p device makes it a `` zero star '' in my book . We 've unplugged it and now use it as a $ 100 manual cat box.Did I mention that Littermaid 's support sucks ? Their response to the constantly failing rake wheels ? `` You 'll need to buy another one from us ... ''
 This is junk . Do not buy it . The cheaper ones made by this company are fine . This one is awful .
 Please do n't buy this model . Save your money . I returned the same model 3 times thinking it was just a `` dud '' unit ... to the local megastore ... it was the ONLY model offered ... and lo and behold ALL 3 litter boxes were defective -LRB- this model LME5000 -RRB- . They worked for about a week , then the sensor/rake stopped working on each and every unit . I cleaned it every day once I realized how `` weak '' this model was and it still stopped working . I only have ONE cat too . The first littermaid I bought it 2001 worked for 3 + years , I cleaned it out once a week . THe new ones are by far `` shabbier '' . THe plastic is very thin and it seems they are ruining the good reputation they once had ... I would buy an OLD one in a nanosecond , but these new ones are junk . $ 100 + a pop junk . I have 2 `` duds '' now . LME5000 and the LM680 from the other local megastore ... both are flimsy and stopped working within one month of use .
 I upgrade my Mega Litter Box with this newer model and I 'm so sorry I did ! No matter what kind of deluxe clumping litter I use , It gets globbed up behind the rake and I have to manually scrap it out . So what 's the point ??? If I do n't manually do it , the smell is awful and I 've added baking soda , litter box deodorizer , you name it , nothing works ! Big waste of money !
 I have owned Littermaid litter boxes for quite sometime . The first one was the cheapest and lasted for a really long time and I really liked it . But , each litter box that I got after that seemed to last less and less . -LRB- I still stuck with the original cheap one though -RRB- Then , I began to think . If it had a steel grate instead of a plastic one . . maybe nothing would get stuck in the grate !! What a genius idea!So , I get this litter box despite all the warnings . For some reason out of all of these reviewers , I think that I will get the `` magical litter box '' that works beautifully and does everything that it says it does.Augh ! How wrong could I be?Pros
 I have owned 4 of these devices . All have worked fairly well until I made the mistake of buying this `` new model '' What a piece of junk . I am so unhappy with the design and functionality of the device . The others were wonderful compared to this . The plastic bucket is very hard to change and keeps coming loose . Get one of the older models if you want one of these !
 I thought this product would be an upgrade from my previou LitterMaid self-cleaning litterbox - it was not . I spend more time cleaning the mess this litterbox makes every day ! This device is horrible and does not work well . Do not buy this product .
 I ca n't think of one good thing to say about this product . I had an older model and hated it , too . Naively , I thought the `` Elite '' model would be better . Oh , how wrong I was . If you really want a good automatic litter pan , click the link below for the Litter Robot . It is twice the price , but 100 times better product -LRB- no scooping - ever , no filters or plastic bins to buy -RRB- . Check my review of it here at Amazon -LRB- though I bought from the manufacturer -RRB- Litter Robot LRII Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Beige
 Never again will I purchase a product without doing some research ! Had I come to this site first , I would have NEVER bought this Littermaid ! I went on the advise of a young sales girl , who probably does n't even have a cat , let alone an automatic litter box ! I bought it on Monday , and by Wednesday , the litter collector was COMPLETELY FULL AND OVERFLOWING of mostly clean litter , much more of it was on the floor and hardly any in the actual litter box ! I have cleaned it all up , am putting it back in the box and returning it tomorrow ! It made a HUGE mess !! Very disappointing ! Just thankful it was on a tile floor and not carpet !
 We recently purchased the newest LitterMaid . After a month of use , we have decided it is worse than manually scooping the litter . Four to five times a day we have to go and scoop the litter box manually because the motor is not strong enough to push the rake to the end of the litter box . Instead , it will keep going back and forth from the middle to the back . We have attempted reducing the litter , but this does not help . The `` improved '' rake also does not scoop all of the feces when it does scoop . I think that since this company charges so much money on this product that they could use some of it on improvements for future versions of the Litter Maid . The older version was much better than this one . If I could go back and make my purchase again , I would have bought the older version again .
 This was a great thing ... for about a month . After about 30 days of flawless performance , the motor in this box broke down . Unfortunately it did n't just shut itself off , it would go to the center of the litter then stay there making a thumping , thudding noise until it was shut off . Meanwhile , my terrified cat was cringing in the corner.A telephone call to the company later , they sent us a new one for free . We thought that maybe it was just a defective model . Unfortunately that unit experienced the same problem . Now we are on number three , same problem . We have just unplugged it and have been manually scopping the litter.Today I 'm reading reviews on other automatic litter boxes . I 'll never buy a Littermaid box again since this has been such a bad experience .
 I thought this was going to be a good up grade from the 500 . It does not have the power it needs.Looking at the features on the box -LRB- in the Pet Store -RRB- I thought the changes looked good.I like the idea of the removable rake . BUT -- the motor does not have enough power to complete a rake through with even the smallest resistance . I experimented with litter levels ... All the way down to about half an inch , but ... if my cat pulls the litter in a pile to `` bury '' , the motor can not even rake up the `` clump '' and pile . Even that is too much for the motor ! Gad!So , the machine can not be trusted to keep the box raked and clean.I have replaced the Elite Mega with the 500 . I have used the 500 for years and recommend it.As for the Elite LME9000 Mega , what a waste of money for so many of us who bought it!Wish I had read the reviews on Amazon before I went out shopping !
 I purchased a LME9000 for my 2 indoor cats in September , within a month the motion sensor quit working and would n't rake automatically . I contacted LitterMaid customer service who gave me a series of solutions to try , none of which worked so they sent me a replacement under the 1 year warranty . Within weeks the motion sensor on the replacement quit working . In order to have it scoop `` automatically '' I must flip the on/off switch manually . Not to mention the fact that there is no way to thoroughly clean the moving mechanical parts in which cat -LSB- ... -RSB- gets stuck . Gross ! This product is a total waste of time , money , and materials since they will all ultimately end up in a landfill . Save your money and scoop it yourself - 'cause you are going to anyways if you buy this .
 I must agree with many of the submitters here . I 've owned this LME9000 for just over two months and have had nothing but problems with it .1 . Construction is poor for such an expensive item . The flimsy nature of the plastic and the slightly ill fit of the parts means that after being in operation for one month the rake occasionally needs constant `` help '' to roll forward and down into the pan . It 's just common-grade plastic sliding on plastic so within time it will wear rough and fail to operate properly like mine .2 . Thanks to the design of the front of this product , I now have litter all over my carpet in a radius of about 4-6 '' around it . The receptacle does not fit snugly , nor does the rake sweep everything cleanly into it . It often leaves litter clumps sitting at the top of the ramp .3 . The plastic receptacle is very flimsy and punctures when my cat scratches in the pan .4 . The `` tent '' tends to collapse/come off with any bumping at all .5 . It is * very * loud . I 've got mine in another room ... and it is still louder than I prefer to keep my TV.This truly is the worst item that I 've ever purchased , especially for the price ... I will very much enjoy using their competitors ' products .
 I received this as a present and was somewhat excited to try it . I had been thinking about buying something like this for a while but had never gone ahead and took the plunge.The first thing I did n't like about the box is that it is LOUD . I can hear it running 2 rooms away . I am not one who usually complains about things being too loud , but I was surprised that they could n't come up with a motor that was quieter.The second thing I found out is that it is very sensitive to the amount of litter you put into it . If there is too little you will have problems with the litter sticking to the bottom and the rake getting stuck . If you put too much in it wo n't be able to get through it and the rack will get stuck . They have max and min marks on the side and you can also use the included litter scoop to measure the level . The problem I had is that I had to keep it around the minimum level . When I was above that level it would get stuck a lot more often . Since it is already at a low level I had to add some litter every other day or it would get too low and start sticking to the bottom and the rake would n't be able to break it off.Another problem is that if your cat goes in the wrong place it may get stuck . If they go to close to the waste receptacle where the little is n't as thick it might stick to the bottom . If they go too close to the rake it may get stuck to the rake and it wo n't be able to move very far.About 5 days after I had it there was a problem where it would get 3/4 of the way through the cycle and get stuck . I could n't see anything blocking it , so I took the top off and watched it and saw that the cable feeding the motor power was getting wrapped around a piece of plastic molding . This would happen from time to time and was extremely annoying . Toward the end of my time with this machine it also began to get stuck on a narrow groove on the underside along the motor track that I could feel with my hand . I would have to force it through the section and then it would work fine again for a while . I had been planning on seeing if I could get it apart and look at what exactly was going on there but I ended up throwing it out before I ever did it.I also had a problem with it realizing it was back in the home position . The extremely bad thing about this is that for some insane reason this does not count toward the number of tries before quitting . I was luckily home both times that it happened so I could manually make it stop . It went through 10 cycles and was going to go for another one before I was able to get over and stop it the first time it happened.I tried 4 different types of litter hoping to find something that worked but it was all pretty much the same . I was hoping that a I could find a litter that would n't stick to the bottom but all the ones I tried would do it from time to time . There were times when it would work good , but usually not more than a week . That being said , there were also weeks were I would be fixing it or cleaning it consecutive days in a row.The biggest problem is that for all the work I had to do in order to keep it going I might as well had been just cleaning a regular cat box . To be honest it was nice to have when it was working like it was supposed to but that just did n't happen enough for me to want to keep it.In the end what happened was that while I took some advice I read and was reusing the trays that came with it I ran out and was going to have to buy some more . I did n't want to sink any money into it so I threw it away and went back to the old cat box that I luckily had stowed away in the garage .
 I read the reviews about the LitterMaid Elite Mega , and bought one anyway . I too had an older , simpler LitterMaid . It annoyed me on occasion , but it functioned for four years before pooping out . This one seems on the verge of breaking any time one of my cats pees too much.At first glance , the new LitterMaid seemed to have been designed much better than the old one . The rake is removable . There are definite flaps to stick the liner under . It has a timer if you do n't want to listen to it in the middle of the night.Unfortunately , my cats go at either extreme end of the box . That means a lot of pee gets stuck behind the rake , clumping , and it eventually will cause problems . On the other end , the rake does n't seem to dump as well or as securely as the old model . At the very least , even this Mega is simply not long enough for my largest cat.The rake gets stuck a lot more often , and the unit often makes alarming ratcheting noises . One of the wheels on the rake assembly has vanished , and I have only had the unit for less than two months.The two major parts of the box , the top and the bottom , feel very flimsy to me . Especially the top . I have n't had a problem yet with them coming apart when I move it , but I can see it coming.I do n't use the timer , but maybe I should . I 'm tired of listening to the machine get stuck where it should n't get stuck . I 'm tired of listening to the metal rake scrape across plastic at the end of the ramp.I 've spent more time cleaning this one out than I did the last one , and I was not impressed by the last one . I spent more money on this model and hate it . I spend less time scooping stuff manually than I would in a regular litter box , but not by much.Don ' t buy this . Maybe you 're better off spending your money on one of the cheaper , unimproved models.Oh , and maybe you should n't buy one at all . I have three cats , and one of them refuses to use it . I have maintained a separate , hands-on litter box for him for four years because he got scared by the old box early on . My cats are curious and undoubtedly , this one was too close with his fascination . I have talked to several other people who have had similar problems ; I actually diagnosed one cat 's problem with peeing outside the box as having a Litter Maid .
 After having owned the original LitterMaid litter box , I bought this one after using the other for 4 years . I should have read the reviews first . Within a month the litter box stopped working and would not scoop the litter into the container . I might have blamed it on my cats , but they successfully used the other one for 4 years . It was a big waste of money . Save yourself some aggravation and go for a different brand .
 personally , i wished i had gotten the other when i replaced the one that had burnt up/died . this one rarely gets all the cat stuff out of the litter box and frequently ends up behind the comb . i complained to the company about their crappy product but was given the run around . as soon as this one dies , its being replaced with an original type littermaid . . littermaid 's are much better than doing it for ourselves , but this one sucks .
 I 've owned three Litter Maids and had to return all three . Terrible , terrible product . It 's not just that they break , they did n't even work well while they worked . I finally splurged on the Litter Robot and love it . It works perfectly , and even though it costs $ 300 , you do n't have to buy any special contianers like the Litter Maid , and it 's also extremely frugal with litter . Over the long run I believe the Litter Robot is actually less expensive . Believe me , just save yourself time and money and get the Litter Robot .
 I 've been using Littermaid boxes for quite a while . I 've had 2 of the older models and 3 of the new Elite . I have to say that when the directions are followed properly the new Elite does a much better job keeping the box clean . It does not clog as often as the old models . But you still have the litter spills between the container and the box and of course it also clogs some times with my two cats . The Elite is built far worse than any other model . In a little over a year I 've been through 3 broken rakes , and 2 failed boxes . The third warranty replacement just arrived today . Between cleaning a regular litter box and dealing with the Elite I pick the latter , but when my warranty expires and I have to purchase a new box it will not be a Littermaid .
 I have had two littermaid boxes that both lasted just over a year before they broke . I was so happy with their performance that I decided to upgrade to the newer and better version . I have had it for about 4 months and I have to say that I am very disapointed.The pans do n't fit very well and a lot of litter ends up on the floor between the dump pans and the box itself . It waists a lot of litter ! With the older boxes I would change the pan and add litter now I have to move the entire box , clean under and around about every 4 days . The `` air cleaner '' feature is a gimic and makes absolutely no difference!The only positive I can say is that the metal rakes are good for the larger clumps and it does n't seem to get stuck as often as the older one . If I had n't spent so much money on this tub of crap I would throw it away -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I 've owned a total of 3 electric litterboxes over the past 6 years . The first 2 were also littermaids and worked fine . I upgraded the first one for a larger model and then the motor just finally wore out . At any rate , I purchased this new stupid `` Elite '' model in September of 2007 and it is horrible . The rake does n't completely clear and most times it actually lifts up the plastic container and dumps the waste under the container instead of inside it . Every day I have to go down and check on it and every single day I have to touch it and reset it . I may as well own an old fashioned non-electric version for as much good as this thing does me . I realize it is n't `` Magic '' but I should n't have to reset and clean it myself every time . Avoid , avoid , avoid .
 Summary : Avoid the LitterMaid Elite Mega Advanced Automatic litter box unless its your only alternative to the traditional non-automatic box . I purchased the Elite Mega as a replacement for the LitterMaid LM900 which finally stopped working after many years of service . Unfortunately it was an impulse buy at a local pet store before I read the Amazon reviews . With a few tweaks in the design , the Elite Mega could be a pretty decent litter box . Primarily the LitterMaid company needs to deal with the weak motor which often does n't have enough power to make it through a single cycle and the issue of Litter being thrown out of the box near the receptacle.Pros : Removable rakeOne piece bottomCons : Very weak motorComplicated assemblyToo much litter misses the receptacle and winds up on the floorThe receptacle does n't open wide enough to accommodate some debris
 I bought the elite model about 1.5 years ago . I also wish I could give it zero stars!My previous litter maid box lasted for years until my husband accidently hosed down the motor while he was cleaning it when I was pregnant . So sad ! So he bought me the Elite model to replace it . It worked for a short time , but one of the little knobs broke off of the side of the rake and so no longer worked . Then the cats broke off one of the `` wings '' to the lid ... I bought new ones of these from the littermaid folks -LRB- $ 40 for a new rake ! -RRB- and it worked for a few months after that . Then the motor completely died.I am so disgusted after paying all that $ $ for a litter box . I have 3 cats in the house , and if I have a regular large litter box , I am scooping it out every two days ... with this box , I am cleaning out the disgusting plastic recepticle every two days . Which is worse ? I think the latter . Plus , this box took up SO much real estate in my laundry room for the small litter area provided . I think I much prefer my $ 4 cat box ... at least it keeps working ! And I can fill it up with a lot of litter and clean it less often ... Do n't buy this litter box !
 This is my third LM . The first one I owned was a ` mega ' from years ago , that lasted , well , years . It suddenly stopped working so I bought a similar LM , though smaller . This 2nd one worked just as well as the first but also , suddenly stopped working . So I bought this , what I believed at the time , new and improved design -LRB- it 's called ELITE , right ? -RRB- This thing refuses to work as it should . As previous reviewer has stated , it does n't lift the lid very well , the containers are hard to place correctly -LRB- I keep ending up with large piles of litter UNDERNEATH -RRB- and where the previous plastic tined models would ` scoop and LIFT ' waste , this one just pushes , causing litter to pile up in front of waste and causing unit to stop , reverse and try again -LRB- which never works . -RRB- My cat tends to bury her waste at bottom of tray and this design does n't help at all . I have to manually scoop -LRB- and do n't use the included scoop , they 're pretty useless
 I 've been searching for an auto litter box for a month now . I 've compared the LM900 , LME9000 , and Scoopfree Ultra . This one was one of the worst for the reasons below : - cheap and flimsy build and design - whoever designed the location and attachment method of the waste receptacles is a complete moron - the new rake is more like a plow , again highly moronic - taking a simple task and making such a complicated device , even more complicated than the old model , to complete it is just insane - the clock resets when you hit the power button -LRB- poor choice there again -RRB- - Littermaid likes to make many different products with different numbers and not even have proper information on their website pointing toward extremely poor support - the noise of the wimpy motorThings I like : - more modern styling - ability to attach the tent directly to the box
 I do n't even know where to start with this product . Absolute piece of junk in my opinion . The rake gets stuck and ca n't push one tiny turd into the waste receptacle . The motor has about as much power as a single AAA battery . Just not enough to get the deal done in a two cat household . The angle that the rake attacks the litter is flawed too . I found that if I ran it and just applied a little pressure to the top of the rake backward , that it went through just find . Without that , it craps out after its 3 tries , and you just have to clean it out manually anyway . BTW , the waste bins are ultra thin . Good luck getting it out and in the trash if it 's full without breaking it . I got so frustrated with it the other day , I tore the motor out and threw that away . Going to try something else at this point .
 You 'd think that a product that has been on the market for several years , they would have something reliable to put on the market , but this is a device that dissapoints on nearly every level . It scoops automatically , but as it scoops , it hauls a good measure of sand along with it . Eventually this can overfill the receptacle . The unit requires constant grooming and cleaning with the multi-tool -LRB- litter shovel -RRB- . As you 're doing this once or twice a day , you wonder , why did you spend all of that money for this thing when you could be doing the same thing with a regular litter box?There are too many connecting points for the receptacle so that it is easy to miss one or two and have sand underneath it . The carbon filter adhesives are completely useless -- so tiny that you wonder what odor it was intended to trap ? Certainly nothing originating from a cat . Maybe a very , very , very small cat?The motor itself is suspect . The sound it makes as it rakes across the sand makes you wonder if it would last weeks , much less years.On reflection , I 'm used to assemblying devices and the instructions were poorly written and illustrated . I had to reference the picture on the box to confirm the magnified close-up line drawing in the instructions were correct.Overall , I can not recommend this dissapointing product . I see , by all of the reviews here , that I am in good company .
 This hunk of junk is n't worth the `` product '' my cat puts into it . Avoid any LitterMaid product like the plague . Buy a normal litterbox and scoop because that 's all this model will end up being ! Do n't make the same mistake I did ! Would give it -10 stars but that 's not an option with this feedback .
 I have had this litter box for a couple of years and it has been a hassle ever since I got it.I have tried every type of clumping litter made and have cleaned it regularly . it will work fine for poo , but not for urine.DO NOT WASTE YOU MONEY !!!! I now have a very expensive standard litter box .
 I bought this item because the reviews were , for the most part , pretty good . Let me just tell you , do not waste your money ! It has to stay plugged in at all times , or else the batteries go dead after just a few hours . It does not clean itself efficiently ... instead , it leaves half the mess in the litter box , where it then gets caught and pulled beck the other way . For some reason apparently I can not set the timing . It said it would run every 20 minutes , but it runs once a day ! I 'll say it again , do not waste your money on this item .
 Very difficult to assemble . Litter containers are very difficult to use because they are so flimsy . Raking action does not get the complete job done . Replacement containers are expensive . Would not recommend this .
 I spent about $ 185 on this and the receptacles are about $ 15 for 20 . I can tell you with all honesty that this piece of junk created more of a mess and more of a hastle than just scooping the litter yourself.The motor was way too weak.The cat crap would stick in between the metal rake and dry like cement . No fun trying to rake the hardened crap out of the rake.The receptacle did not fit properly , so some of what did get raked in the direction of the receptacle ended up on the floor and not in the receptacle.After trying several different brands of litter and altering the amount of litter I placed in the machine , I finally gave up and threw this $ 185 hunk of junk in the dumpster where it belonged.I will never purchase another Littermaid product again !
 This is a great product if you want to pay extra for something that makes a bigger mess . This thing worked `` ok '' for about a month , still not great , then the the rake kept cycling for 15 minutes in the middle of the night , and the thing IS N'T quiet . Finally the motor gave out now it is just a real expensive littler box . When it did work it just made a big huge mess anyway . I returned the whole thing in the box it came in , litter , crap and all ; because that is what this thing is , a box full of crap .
 My wife and I purchased this product a year ago , as it held great promise in that we are both working professionals and we hoped that this would be one less chore to perform in our busy lives . At first this product seemed to live up to its claims , however over time -LRB- within a few short months -RRB- it quickly stopped working properly . The gears became clogged/corroded and the raking mechanism did a better job trapping cat gunk than extracting it from the litter box . All and all it was an expensive disappointment . We read the reviews before purchasing this product -LRB- some good and some not so good -RRB- and took a chance any way . Do n't take the chance !
 Years ago , I had a Littermaid - probably just the basic model , but it worked ok . It would sometimes dump litter on the ground through a poorly engineered gap in the unit right by the waste recepticle but it was good . It eventually got messy and probably stopped working but I got a good couple of years out of it.Fast forward to now . I have three older cats and one is very picky about the cleanliness of the litterbox -LRB- es -RRB- . If they do n't meet his expectations , I can guarantee that I 'll find puddles in the garage on whatever surface he deems to be clean enough . So , I decide , I 'm going to get a Littermaid again and I see that the LME9000 is on some kind of a sale on Amazon -LRB- certainly cheaper than Petsmart at $ 129 -RRB- . I come back a week later to see that it 's now $ 99 -LRB- argh ! -RRB- . It arrives and as I unpack it , I notice that it 's waaay flimsier than the first box I had . This one is extruded plastic with all kinds of interesting curves to it . I can already see that litter is going to make its way out of this box and onto the floor . So I hook it up and fill it with some litter and it rakes ok . I notice the tines on the rake are also less substantial than the old box.The cats take to it well , but I notice that the rake is leaving behind little bits of the clumps and after a day , the tines of the rake are caked with the -LRB- recommended -RRB- Arm & Hammer litter I 'm using . It seems to have a lot less power than the old one and can barely get the clumps into the end receptable without me occasionally helping it along . I start making trips to the basement a couple of times a day to make sure it 's not stuck . Well , four days after set up , the rake is now at the end , stuck by the receptacle . It wo n't budge - at all . The red and green lights are flashing in unison . I turn it on and off and unplug it and plug it back in . Nothing . So I call LM . Very nice and professional but I was on hold for almost 20 minutes . Now I can see why . They say there 's a secret button at one end of the track and I should unplug the unit and pump this button a couple of times before plugging it back in . I do it . Nothing . But then I notice that this little yellow wire at the end of the track -LRB- which probably connected to that button -RRB- is just dangling . I call LM again and explain the situation . They ask me to deal with Amazon in getting a return or refund.Refund , please ! I 'll likely be buying the Litter Robot , which gets such better reviews anyway . Ugh . So many products lately just are n't what they used to be .
 The old , small , beige model worked like a tank until the motor died . It was much better than scooping twice a day . I went through about 4 of them in a number of years but the newer model was a disappointment . The newer ones can barely push natural waste and frequently gets stuck halfway through . Littermaid sent me a new motor because I thought I may have bought a dud but the new one was junk , too . I 'm out $ 120 and I 'll never buy one again .
 I had an older LitterMaid and I loved it but after 5 years it died . This one has n't lasted 6 months and even before that , I found myself cleaning it out just about every evening since it never did work very well .
 We bought this machine figuring that it would be at least less work than the non-automatic litter boxes . And it is n't . I see people talking about expectations . Here was my expectation
 First Automatic scooper , well it was supposed to be automatic ... its manual because I end up scooping it everyday!And LOUD wow!So not happy with this product . For the price it is so disappointing .
 I had an older version of the littermaid , the one with the plastic rakes . It was awesome ! Abit loud but it worked well and lasted for 4 years!I bought this elite one . . What junk ! The metal rakes miss most everything or most often just get stuck in mid sweep and thus making the box useless for your cat and the motor is even louder than the old model.Save your money . . Go on Ebay and buy the old model with the plastic rake .
 I bought this from PetCo 4 days ago , for my sister who has 2 cats and is in the hospital and will not be able to bend over and clean litter boxes for a while . It was the model that included the cover , which I did n't need . I tried it out on my small female cat for a couple of days and it worked without a problem . Then I installed it in her apartment , replacing 1 of 2 traditional boxes , where the female cat used the one I did n't replace and the male cat used this one . I waited for him to check it out first , he got in it but never used it while I was there . I was n't concerned since I had seen it used successfully before .2 days later I picked my sister up at the hospital and took her home . When I checked the litter boxes , this LitterMaid was full of unscooped cat droppings and all of the litter had been pushed over to one side of the box . When I turned it off and back on , the comb ran over the part with no litter and when it reached halfway across where it encountered litter and cat droppings , the motor whined down , then reversed direction , doing absolutely nothing.I am disappointed in this unit and it will be going back to the store for a refund as soon as I am able to do so .
 I previously had an older model LitterMaid . It was n't totally self sufficient , but there was very little maintenance to keep the cat box clean . Overall it worked pretty well . As a matter of fact after many years use it quit and I replaced it with another one exactly like the one . It also worked many years until it quit . I called LitterMaid and wanted to replace it with the same unit , but they informed me that that unit was discontinued and no longer had their product support . I could have bought one from several distributors that still had this unit in stock . LitterMaid assured me that their new and improved unit at a much higher price was better . I should have listened to the bad reviews on line , because the new design with small wire tines only break up the clumps into small pieces and does n't dump them anywhere near as good as the older model . How come they could n't figure this out in their original testing of this product ???? Add one more dissatisfied customer . This is not an Amazon.com issue , but a product quality issue .
 It 's awful . Like others I have used the old versions just fine . They die , eventually , but not until giving you your moneys worth -LRB- I suppose -RRB- . My husband picked this one up to replace our other one and what a waste of $ 100 . Seriously.Ours wo n't pick up the waste . I was surmising that it was because I have a very large young-ish cat . He is n't fat , he is a HUGE boned cat at 20 lbs . I figured his waste was heavier and too much for the motor to handle . But I ca n't imagine that everyone who has posted here has a cat the same size . So maybe my theory is out the window.I have tried lots of litter , small amount of litter , in between amount . I am hoping to get a warranty refund since it has only been 2 months ... but I am not sure that will pan out . And frankly , I do n't think I will fork out another $ 100 for one of the old models . It was nice , but not * all that * . At least the last 2 months have reminded me that scooping the litter box regularly is n't that bad .
 I bought the more expensive model because we have 5 cats . It was fabulous the first week . Then it started making noises ... now it is almost unbearable . The trays are very cheaply made . Could be made of a heavier plastic . Cats do n't like the ramp , wo n't use it . Very disappointed . We are on a fixed income and it really hurts to spend this much money on something that is so cheaply made .
 no pun intended but this unit is crap . had mine less than a year and it failed twice . maybe because the advertise it for `` multiple cats '' . I have 2 . perhaps its cheap gears etc cant handle `` mulitple cats '' . WHEN it works its fine.the waste receptical needs to be changed every day or two for `` multiple cats '' If I were you id look at a different product .
 I hate this product . I have owned the LME900 and I am exchanging this one for that through littermaid . It 's a long process but might be worth it for me . The motor does n't seem to be very powerful and the rake does n't gather small waste particles , like urine clumps . There are a lot of design features that could use some tweaking . My advice is not to buy this particular model .
 I had to send the first one back because the rake did n't move . I eventually returned the second one for a refund because I spent too much time trying to get the rake to work . It required more maintenance than the litter tub with the scoop .
 It works ok -LRB- it did for me -RRB- 'till it stopped ... The roller on the end of the rake broke and since the MFG wo n't sell _ ANY _ parts , we are screwed!Will not buy another product from Litter Maid.Learn from our mistake ...
 If I could have given this no stars , I certainly would have ! I bought this to replace my original Littermaid -LSB- LM500 -RSB- and that was a giant mistake . Everything other reviewers have mentioned is true - and you end up with a scoop-it-yourself litter box that cost a small fortune . Add in the money spent trying all the suggested litters - even their own which smelled awful - and your small fortune is now a sizable one . Eliminate the frustration and get the LM500 while it 's still available -LSB- if IT even still works good -RSB- or just stick with scooping out a regular one . The best part of this contraption was when I threw it in the garbage .
 A number of years ago , I bought this product . The first thing I noticed was a wire that flopped around . The kitten immediately pounced on this wire and chewed it up and rendered it useless within a week . The kitten arrived later than expected so the warrantee time expired , and the seller , Sharper Image , would not take the product back . I 'm still sore , and have stopped buying anything from Sharper Image to this day .
 I tried this box after my LM900 died . I have been using the LM900 for many years . This litter box is horrible . It does not lift the waste into the recptacle . It also kept running when I first got it and there was no litter in it . After leaving an email I got an automated response . After it broke in the first week I sent a second email . I got the same automated response . I guess they do not care for customer service . The phone was also never answered . I am giving up and getting the LM900 again !
 Do n't waste your money . Every bad thing that you read about this product is true . I spend more time messing with this cat box than I ever did scooping the old cat box . It gets jammed easy . It 's very loud . It 's made cheaply . I wish I had n't spent the money .
 I purchased my Litter Maid on May 20 th by July 3rd It was Broke !!!!! WOW I will never purchase this piece of $ ^ ! % @ & again .
 My wife owned an LM900 for many years . As it was starting to get old and dirty , we thought we 'd get a new litterbox . That turned out to be a mistake . I filled the litter to the proper levels but the motor seemed way underpowered and I ended up manually cleaning it more than the machine did . Ultimately , we returned it and pulled the old LM900 out of the garage . We 've had that for 4 + years now , and it just died last night . I plan to buy another LM900 . Stay away from the LME9000 , even if it were the same price or HALF of the LM900 , I would n't buy it .
 Since 1999 , this is the 4th LitterMaid that I have purchased , and it is definitely the worse . The others were not perfect , but at least they did a halfway decent job . The rake on this `` improved '' model does a poor job , often leaving most of the waste behind . I have adjusted the amount of litter I put it , and I make sure that the sensors are clear , but it continues to perform poorly . This product is made of cheap plastic , and is definitely not worth the price . For anyone considering purchasing the `` improved '' model , you would be better off buying the old model , or a dishpan and a rake
 I have used three different models of the Littermaid Automatic litterbox and the LM900 is by far the best . The LM500 is quite small and broke within one year and the new model `` Littermaid Elite '' is complete garbage . I have had it for two months and it has yet to scoop any reasonable amount of poop from the litterbox . Please buy the LM900 over the other models or you will be sorry .
 This is the most worthless product I have purchased . I had used the Littermaid LM 900 for over four years with no problems until the motor finally went out . I had gotten great results from the LM 900 but when it went on the fritz I decided to try this box ... what a mistake ! The small steel thongs on rake donnot even pick up waste and when it did pick up waste it could not get it all the way into the recepticle . Was all over the lid ! I have packed this box up for return and luckily have found another LM 900 and have ordered it . Please do NOT buy this product ... save yourself the time , money and oh so much trouble .
 I made the mistake of purchasing this item on the request of my wife . I have to babysit this thing constantly . I do not need the sleepmode where it sits still for NINE hours , collecting my 2 cats business . When it does come awake it jams up til I clean it AGAIN . What a waste of money i still have to clean the box everyday like before . By the way I use the litter recommended by Littermaid .
 I owned two older models Prior to this one.This thing is a piece of Sh * % ! The older one may not have been perfect , but it was much better than this new one.This is going back !!
 At first I like this and was happy with the lower maintenance of the cat litter box , and I was thrilled that it cut back quite a bit on the stench but then approximately the motor just died and it was n't working anymore , and I followed manufacturers instructions . I found that if I just use clumping litter in a litter box and just scoop it out before I take a shower and go to bed for the night , that it is just as effective as the LitterMaid , just less costly . The concept is great but it could use a lot of improvements .
 This is the worst litter box ever . The stuff gets stuck behind the rake , every time he goes . The rack catches the plastic container and pushes it forward , then you get to try and hook the plastic container under the tabs of the litter box , with stuff stuck to the tray `` yuk '' . The pam trick they give does not work . I had the lm900 model and it worked for 4 years , so now I have purchased another one , and it is working great . So much for trying new things.cpc
 I am throwing my 2nd one into the garbage . First one broke and I had it replaced , but it was too small . So I needed to get the Mega . Rake broke after one month of use . Took them 4 months to mail me a new rake . Got the new rake , worked for 3 weeks . Got stuck last night and I tried pushing it back , so the cats could still use it , in doing so I broke the rake off.Call today to get another one sent out , and they told me I voided the warranty by trying to push it back . Even though it was unusable and already broken . I tell them only alternative is that my cats start peeing in the plants , but they dont care . Even though it was broken they would have sent me out a new one if I left it alone , but I would have cat poop in my plants . Awful , Awful product , buyer beware.I now have a $ 150 litter box I have to scoop .
 If you buy this piece of junk . It will break on you . 100 % guaranteed . It is poorly designed and cheaply built . The only redeeming quality is that you will understand , during the 2 weeks that it does work correctly , what a great idea a self-cleaning litterbox actually is . That will then convince you that you should purchase another one that is better quality ... litterrobot or catgenie or something ... just not a littermaid .
 I had the old model and it finally died so I purchased `` the new and improved model '' . It is loud . It is flimsy . It does n't scoop very well at all . I spend all my time manually cleaning it . I just ordered the old model and am throwing this one in the trash .
 This is my first review of the many products that I have purchased from Amazon over the years but my dis-satisfaction with this product is so extreme that I have decided to make the time.I have used the older models and been very satisfied but this newer version is a decided set-back . I will be ordering an older version and gleefully tossing this one in the trash . It is so dysfunctional that it is not worthy to even donate to an animal shelter or pass on to some unfortunate soul that has yet to discover the benefits of a self-cleaning litter box.I buy premium clumping kitty litter and have been careful to not exceed the fill line . Experimented with different levels of kitty litter but my efforts have not prevented the constant jamming of this model . It is too much plastic and does not handle the self-cleaning aspect as well as the older models.The instructions leave much to be desired . As much as the model jams , you would think that the instructions would include reset instructions . I had to call the 1800 # to get the reset instructions . The model should come with a reset button!The construction is not as good as the old models . The motor sits on top of the tray versus attaching and it does not work as well . The trays do not fit as well . The rack does not get up far enough above the tray as do the older model . The waste gets behind the tray and ends up on the rug . You have to have a throw rug or some protection under this model.Basically , the older models work better and are far more reliable . The newer model is not that much better than having a regular litter box because you end up being the `` self-cleaning '' aspect of this model . The hand rack is absolutely necessary with this model . I rarely had to use the hand rack on the older model.I should have paid more attention to the feedback provided by other customers but felt so confidant in the product based on my past experience with the older models that I ignored their good advice . I now bitterly regret the purchase as it has provided nothing but annoyance to which my husband can attest.Buy the older model !
 POS ... no pun intended . The old beige one I had - refurbished when I bought it - lasted 4 years . This one stopped working after 4.5 MONTHS ! It 's like the rake is stuck - wo n't run - rake - whatever ! PO 'd ! Again - no pun intended !
 I have to scoop the litter everyday . It smells good from the ionic spray , but it is not a self-cleaning litter box . I owned the smaller LitterMaid and it worked very good , the reason I bought this one . I am very unhappy with the Elite Mega LME9000 .
 My cat likes to dig a hole in his litter , right down to the bottom of the litter box -LRB- no matter how deep the litter is -RRB- before peeing in it and covering up . That means his clumps are stuck to the bottom of the pan . Most of the time , the Littermaid found itself incapable of dislodging them . It would try , grinding the motor and give up , leaving mess piling up . Within a month , the motor seized up half-way through it 's return trip ... making it of no use , even as a regular litterbox.As others have said , the plastic tubs can be re-used , but even on the first installation , they do not meet seamlessly and cause litter to fall beneath the machine . Also , the matt/ramp provided is supposed to get the litter off the cats feet as it leaves ... never worked!I 'm hadicapped and can not bend over without falling over . I thought this was my ticket to relieving my husband of litterbox duty . Even during the first month , when it would work totally correctly , there was still mess -LRB- stray litter -RRB- on the floor ... and not just a little bit ! My hubby still had to do the bending over to clean up the floor.WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT AND A ** WASTE OF MONEY *** !!!!!!!
 This is our 3rd Littermaid -- the last 2 were provided either under Littermiad warranty or the Walmart exchange warranty -- NONE OF THEM HAVE LASTED MORE THAN 15 DAYS !!! We purchased this for ONE indoor cat and now 3 of the same models have all broken after less than 15 days of use each ! This is the biggest rip off -- DO NOT BUY -- or you will be just like me and think all these NEGATIVE REVIEWS can not be true -- until you find yourself writing one as well -- TRUST THE AMAZON.COM REVIEWS -- if an amazon.com buyer spends the time to write a review it isbecause they are very happy or truly pissed off !! Do not discount the bad spelling of reviews as I did -- as many are very upset and pnly want to spend a limited amount of their time writing about a horrible product -- but want to do their part by writing about how bad a product is ... HAVE I MENTIONED THE LITTERMAID PRODUCTS SUCK ... DO NOT BUY ! i BOUGHT ENOUGH FILTERS , LITTER , AND TRAYS TO LAST ONE YEAR -LRB- UNTIL THE CAT CAN LIVE OUTSIDE -RRB- -- NOW I CAN ONLY HOPE WALMART STANDS BEHIND THE ADDITIONAL PURCHASES -- LITTERMAID SUX ... PERIOD .
 I used Littermaid for years and really liked it . Then I had to buy a new one . In the last six months May-November 2009 , I 've bought two of these . Both of them within 3 months would n't work . I took one back to the store and it was replaced . That one also did n't work within 10 weeks . The item is built of inferior material . The mechanism is weak and does a lousy job of scooping . You dare not leave it on automatic because if it keeps trying to scoop it will totally die and you ca n't use it again . JUNK ! JUNK ! JUNK !
 When my cat lost her ability to make the step up into the Litter Robot , I had to make a change to Littermaid . After seeing it on the market for so long , I was shocked to find so many problems with the construction - both of the box and the accessories . I ca n't help but think that the makers of this product have n't actually been around cats -- the operation of the unit is frighteningly loud , the step is unstable , the plastic ledge has a slippery finish no cat would feel comfortable stepping on , the litterbox does not come equipped with the privacy tent as standard , the cleaning feature does not stop when a cat re-enters the box , the privacy tent accessory pops out of its hold at the slightest bump making it awkward and impossible to get a scoop inside to dislodge stuck waste , and the fit of the waste pan and lid are pitiful . I ca n't believe I wasted money on this product and that makers ca n't do better than this . Seriously Littermaid - talk to somebody who owns a cat when you design the next model .
 I had one of the original Littermaid boxes that lasted me for several years . It was a hardy well designed machine . It was n't all that pleasant to look at , but it was a litter box that cleaned itself ... It earned it 's keep . After years of service it finally gave out . So I went out to buy a new machine . The product available when I went out was the new Elite model . I was initially very pleased with what I thought would have been improvements . The whole thing broke down so you could easily clean it . The raking mechanism was metal and removable so you could clean it off should you need to.I quickly realized that the company had made huge mistake in the redesign of what was a pretty good product . Here are my problems with it .1 -RRB- The power button is no longer an actual switch . Now it 's a button that when the power goes out , does not automatically reactivate the box . I lose power randomly during the day while I 'm at work and I frequently found the box had n't been cleaned out because the machine did n't come back on when power was restored . That said , after I installed batteries , I think THAT problem was resolved .2 -RRB- For some reason , the sensors are not as sensitive as they had been . Half the time after my cat uses the box , it does n't activiate . I have to check the box a lot more than I should have to when it 's supposed to be an automatic litter box .3 -RRB- Something about the way the rake works now causes litter and solid matter to get on the back side of the rake and thus it makes a really loud clicking noise when it tries to get back to it 's rest position . Sometimes it 's as long as 5 seconds . A minor thing in the grand scheme , but annoying none the less.I am really disappointed in this new Littermaid and had I not spent a pretty penny buying this new one , I would throw it out . There are several other automatic litter options now and this one is not one I would recommend .
 I have had several littermaid boxes -LRB- which were wonderful - just wore them out -RRB- before this fiasco . I gave it a chance for about one month . The rake does not clear into the waste pan . The unit is at least 5x 's louder than any of my previous units . I clean more litter off the floor due to the fact the waste box does not fit well and hold in place . And finally - the rake does not clean the pan - it continually recycles . I have already retired this model and gone back to the LM 980 -
 I purchased this litter box because it is for multiple cats and I have three . When I tried to put it together , the instructions in the manual were terrible . It was hard to determine what some parts were and where they go . I could not get the cover off the battery housing so I gave up on that . I finally got it together with help from my son . -LRB- He does not normally have any problems putting things together and he usually does not swear , but he was swearing at this litter box and its manual . -RRB- We never did find the `` white bar '' that was supposed to be an important part . After getting it set up , I put some litter in the box , poured a little water onto the litter and then turned it on . The rake moved the waste to the end of the box , opened the waste receptacle and then dumped it inside the litter box . I now have a $ 180 self-cleaning litter box that I have to scoop or manually turn off and on to make the rake move . and I have tried to contact the company but they obviously do not wish to be bothered . There is a phone number for `` customer service '' on the front of the manual and inside is a phone number . It appears that they are supposed to be the same number but two of the numbers are transposed . I called the number inside , so I got Volunteers of America . When I realized the problem with the numbers , I called the one on the manual cover . All I got was an automated system with no way to get to a human . There is much more , but suffice to say that this litter box is a piece of junk and the LitterMaid company could n't care less about their customers . There is no way to speak to a human and when you e-mail them you get back a regurgitated copy of what is in the manual . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , YOU WILL BE SORRY !
 I have had a total of 4 littermaids over the past 12 years and found that they are cool novel toys , but actually cost more time and effort and just are n't a win . A friend of mine recommended the robot-litter II box and this thing is the real deal . Looks wierd , rotates and uses gravity and a well thought out system to remove the used litter parts and it * really * works , dont really need to clean it , i 'm talking like for over a year , no cleaning , none needed , that is amazing . I do n't work for these guys or anything , but i 'm now ordering a second one . They are more pricey , but in this case you get what you pay for.Peace,-chris
 Brought it home and assembled it . It is supposed to automatically scoop litter after cat has left the box and it does not do that . If I want it to scoop I have to automatically turn the on off switch to initiate the scooping . Also , the charcoal filter fell out almost immediately . Now I use it just as I would an ordinary litter box . What a hunk of junk !!
 My cat likes to urinate in the front of the box . The litter is not very deep at this location , so it sticks to the bottom . The rake tries to get through it but struggles . I have to use the old method of scooping to losen the clumped urine mass and then the rake will continue its job . The downside is that it is automatic . If I am unable to loosen it because I am not home , the motor will continue to run and try to clean the box .
 Horrible piece . This thing has created more work than if i had to scoop 3 boxes . It sounds like a table saw.It does n't collect everything . It makes a big pile underneath itself . The covers for the receptacles do n't fit.I feel so stupid for purchasing this pikey-built piece of junk . I mean really ? If I designed something like this with these kinds of results where I work , they would just point to the door and say `` go '' ! Man ! What a rip-off . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I PURCHASED THIS TO REPLACE THE ONE THAT I HAVE BECAUSE THE AUTOMATIC CLEANING DOES NOT WORK.BUT THE NEW ONE HAS THE SAME DEFECT.I AM REALLY DISAPPOINTED IN LITTERMAID PRODUCTS.I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO FIND ANY WAY TO GETSERVICE FOR THIS.I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO FIND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR LITTERMAID FOR OVER A YEAR WITHOUT ANYLUCK.I ONLY GET PETCO AND THAT IS NOT WHO I WANT . THE BOX THAT I PURCHASED I HAVE HAD FOR OVER A YEAR , IT HAS NOT WORKED FROM DAY ONE.IT WAS PURCHASED ONLINE.I WOULD LIKE AN ANSWER.boblawn111@ptd.net
 I just bought this today . Got it home and put it together , which was a little confusing . It was loud , and it took awhile to get the right amt of litter so it would work right . Then after the cats used it twice it would n't stop running with no apparent reason . There was nothing blocking the rake and nothing behind it . I took it back apart and will be returning it , as if i 'm having problems in the first few hours then nothing good is to come . Dont waste your time , it 's not worth it .
 I have owned several litter boxes and I bought the Litter Maid LME9000 because I have 2 cats . Well please do n't buy this litter box . Wish I could give it zero stars . First of all it is very loud . You would think with the racquet it makes it would scoop the clumps of litter , but no . It gets stuck every day and once the rake stopped in the middle of the litter box . LItter ends up on the floor between the end of the pan and the waste receptacle . It 's just a mess and I am going to return it . I will be reading reviews of other litter boxes before I replace it , I can promise that .
 I 'm not sure what they were thinking when they `` improved '' the littermaid . We had a model purchased in 2005 and absolutely loved it . It would occasionally clog but once a week manual scooping was n't too bad . It eventually wore out after 4 years . I ignored all the negative reviews thinking people were just being over critical . Boy was I wrong . I HATE THIS LITTERBOX !!!!! If I would have listened , I would have saved myself a lot of money -LRB- not just the $ 100 for the machine but the $ 1200 it cost in Vet bills to cure our cat after he refused to use it -RRB- . I could n't figure out why our cat was so against this box as I thought it was just a new version of what he had before . Turns out he was just smarter than I was . This box clogs on EVERY elimination . Perhaps it is just b/c our cat likes to go right on the rake or as close to it as possible but we have not had it successfully scoop a poop -LRB- or pee for that matter -RRB- yet . We have had to do it ALL manually plus we have to deal with listening to the motor squeal in an attempt to move -LRB- and this model is n't even smart enough to give up easily if it ca n't scoop it ... just keeps grinding til you come shut it off -RRB- . I 'm about ready to throw the thing in the trash and buy an old fashioned cat box . Please listen and do n't waste your money too ...
 I suffered for two years with this model , which I purchased at a store without seeing any reviews . I had the same problems
 I bought this elite model because I adopted 2 cats from the shelter and do not want to be a slave to the litter box . It seemed alright at first , the first week . But , I have to scoop every day and empty the bin every day . If I miss one day it will over flow . I do n't know how anyone could only empty this once a week , not even for just one cat.I am writing this review to save you some sleep . It has a loud motor . The rake gives up when raking and keeps trying to clean the box but the clumping litter sometime makes it stop . It keeps trying ... all night ... until I get up at 2 am to scoop poo . Really !! I do n't think any other litter box will wake you up to scoop poo ! It does n't matter how high you fill the line , it does n't really clean all the box , you need to scoop every day.The rake sometimes pushes the poop backwards after in goes between the rake and then hides it . Somehow , there is always litter leaking onto the tiles under the box.This was a large investment , so I need to make it work for a while , so here are the tricks to live with this box until you can get a better one .1 - use a plastic grocery bag -LRB- without any holes -RRB- to line the waste receptacle . This way you can switch out the bag every day instead of switching out the receptacle .2 - keep a hand vac right next to the box so you can vacuum up all the loose litter that somehow gets everywhere every day . It makes easier clean up , but you need to vacuum around the box and under the receptacle every day when you change it or it gets everywhere .3 - make sure you use clumping litter . If it is loose , it does n't clean , if it is really hard the motor is n't strong enough to push it . So , you loose no matter what . I have found that fresh step keeps the odor under control better than other litters .4 - use two sided tape on the lid of the bin on the outside , because the cats like to scratch it open to try to get to the poo in the bin to try to cover it and will break it open with their claws . IF you have 2 sided tape there for a week , they give up ripping it open .5 - Also line the receptacle lid with a plastic bag . Sometimes the poo that gets raked into the bin gets stuck to the lid and it is gross and makes you replace the bin lid . I have refused to buy more bins since the cost for the box was crazy high.Good luck . For now , cleaning the litter box is the part time job I have after working all day and going to school at night . I am a complete litter slave until they come up with something that actually works .
 We have owned 2 previous versions of this box , which is n't bad for 10 years and 2 cats using them daily . This new model is pure junk . Does n't scoop at all . Constantly jamming if it does actually catch something . Very flimsy , the door to cover the container broke 3 weeks after buying it . I thought products improved with age ... not so with this . Save your money and do n't buy this product .
 I brought this litter box home thinking I could spend a lot less time cleaning out her regular box.Well it LOOKS impressive - clock , sensors , auto rake , air cleaner ! But the cat flung litter out all over the place , and after one use decided she was terrified of it ! -LRB- Guess she saw the rake move ! -RRB- She started pooping on the floor ! Gross!I put her regular -LRB- Clever Cat -RRB- box beside the Littermaid Elite , hoping once her regular box got dirty enough , she would switch to the clean box . Nope . She preferred to potty in a dirty box or on the floor , than step foot into this `` freaky device '' . I really wish the cat would use it , because it does `` work '' well . -LRB- Besides her kicking litter all down the ramp -RRB- . But I ca n't force her . We 'll stick to our Clever Cat tall box for now .
 This product is worse than the material you need it to handle . It jams frequently no matter the amount of litter you use . It has broken twice , and I 'm not spending more money to replace the rake . I was amazed they charged me the first time the tiny piece broke , which requires an entire rake replacement.Poor design and terrible customer service to sell a junky product marketed as elite with such flimy parts , then not replace it for free instead of forcing you to buy the whole rake assembly instead.Rake piece just broke again , but this time I will get a product that rates better from a different company .
 It took a long time to assemble because the notch to hold the receptacle and ramp was so poorly designed and flimsy as to be almost non-existent . I could n't believe that it was really supposed to hold together that way and kept trying again.The first time the cat used it the mechanism would n't shut off and it kept going through the auto-scoop maneuver incessantly Good thing I was home to shut it off . Called customer service , the cat had peed behind the rake and this clumped so the rake could n't return to the right position ! Poorly trained cat problem , so there . She also informed me that I should have sprayed the whole thing with PAM before assembly . So duh , was I supposed to disassemble it , scrub , spray , and start again?Tried it some more , soon the flimsy notches let the whole ramp and receptacle go askew , cat 's fault again , from the 7 pound cat going in and out . After a few more passes the lid was off and the ramp ajar , so that each pass of the rake spewed litter and fecal clumps all over the floor . Had to clean it to re-box it.All in all the most intimate experience of kitty litter in my entire life .
 I bought this about 3 months ago . It works fairly well for about the first month and a half , then it starts dying . It finally got to the point where it just clicks without moving . I called the customer service , who are supposed to be open until 8 EST. . They were n't , so I called from work . The first time I called , they said that I needed the model number before they could talk to me . The person I talked to also said that they were open until 8 , and that I could call when I got home . I told her that I had tried the night before , and she said that they were having phone problems that night . So , I went home , and tried calling again . Still not open after 6 . So I got the model number , and called again from work . Mind you , each time you call , you have to wait for at least 10 or 15 minutes on hold until you get someone . I finally got another person , who told me that I now need the date code . So back home , check the date code , and call back during work again next day . `` Sorry , that 's the wrong date code . '' I needed to open up the cover for the computer chip and pull it out . The number was written on the chip in pen . I also took the unit apart to find out what was actually wrong with it . There is a cheap plastic gear inside the mechanism that got bent , and that is what was causing the problem . So , I called back today . Finally , they told me that I had to cut the computer chip off , and send that with a check for $ 10 to their company for shipping and handling , and they would send me a new unit . I asked for a supervisor , and was told that I was talking to one . I told her that the product is junk , and that the service is horrible . She said she was sorry to hear that , and I hung up . Do n't waste your money on this product . There 's got to be something better out there . By the way , email apparently does n't work either ... I sent one four days ago and never got anything more than an autoreply saying that someone would get back to me in 48 hours or less .
 The only way that this product could be worse is if it actually killed your cat . I wont go into all the other nightmares because everyone has named them . It is the worst , most unsanitary , pile of garbage you can buy . I would n't wish this product on my worst enemy . Point
 I owned the previous LM700 Litter Maid model , one they were n't selling anymore at my local pet stores . When the old unit finally wore out after 3 years , I did not hesitate to purchase this updated model , which the clerk assured me would be easier to clean/maintain than the old model . On that point , the sales clerk was correct
 I had my first Littermaid back in 2000 . It was terrible ! One of my cats consistently peed on the refuse bin , and it was a smelly , nasty mess to remove it when cleaning . I ditched it after about 6 months , when he managed to short out the battery compartment -LRB- which used to be powerful enough to run the unit -RRB- . I thought to myself that after 9 years , surely they 'd made some improvements . Since the cat in question is now an outdoor cat , I bought it for my other cat . I thought surely the unit could handle * one * cat . Here are the problems :1 . -RRB- The cleaning rake comes down and touches the litter A FULL THREE INCHES before the back of the box , allowing the cat to pee BEHIND THEM . This clumps between the rake tines , and causes clumbing behind it , where it just goos up instead of getting raked . In my opinion , it would take little effort to design the rake to rise above the litter and rest against the back of the box . I 've tried discouraging the cat by turning the box . He does n't cooperate .2 . -RRB- Cats always go along the sides , not in the middle . This area gets all gooey and jams . Also , when it rakes the clumps it does n't lift them at all
 Like several others , I `` upgraded '' to the Elite Mega from an older model . Big mistake . It worked well after I got the litter level just right . However , after a couple months , the outer edges of the rake rollers broke off rendering the unit no better than a plastic tub and a hand scoop . The company did replace one rake but after another couple months , the studs holding the rollers broke off and I gave up . If I can find an old model I may go back to this company 's product but I wo n't buy any more of their new stuff .
 I just to have a litter maid , old one and it was great . I did the work and we practically abuse as we have four -LRB- 4 -RRB- cats . I sometimes overfill the tank but it did the job . Finally it quit on us and base on past experience I bought the new state of the art model . WEll , what a piece of garbage . The quality of the box is way inferior to the previous model and guess what it does not scoop . The motor is under power and it stop constantly . Can not push the material away and keeps on stopping . I 'm basically force to scoop the material myself and look at the machine . I could save the $ $ $ and just buy a plastic box and scoopable sand . Really they destroyed a good product .
 I am disappointed in the product . I would not purchase again or recommend others to purchase . It does not do a good job of cleaning . When it is time to replace all litter once a month it is a bigger job than regular litter boxes . Now I have to purchase litter containers . It is messy and litter falls outside the container and the box .
 Two days I bought this litterbox from PetSmart and today I took it back . Save your receipts and the box it comes in ! I should have realized when I was putting it together that this was gon na be a pain in my a $ $ . None of the pieces really fit together , and the waste receptacle cover was easily knocked off by my 10-lb . cat . The white waste receptacle would also bow in the middle when she would stand on it and I 'm sure it would have cracked down the middle eventually had I kept it . Save your money ! I ended up scooping the box 10 times yesterday because every time one of my two cats would use it the cover would get knocked off and the tines would push litter and cat feces on top of it , spilling all over the floor . Yuck ! Today I bought a $ 5 litterbox and I 've scooped it only twice !
 In 7 years we have gone through 10 yes 10 of these litter boxes and have finally said enough and gone back to the good old traditional litter box.We used the correct amount of litter as instructed and have had the same problem with all 10 of these we have owned -LRB- the motor died -RRB- ; we thought perhaps the next one we got would be better . Out of these 10 the one that lasted the longest lasted for 12 months before the motor died . The last 3 of these we had lasted less than 4 weeks each . With the last one actually not working from the beginning ; it would just continually run back and forward , back and forward but as we 'd already returned 2 of them we just plugged it in to clean it and then unplugged it so it would n't burn out the motor but eventually after about 3 weeks it quit altogether and we are now done with electric litterboxes.I say save your money and use a traditional litter box ; really this was just as much -LRB- if not more -RRB- work as cleaning out a manual litter box once or twice a day . We found the poop and litter would get caught on the rake so you 'd have to take the rake off to clean nearly every day ; especially if you have a cat that does n't bury their poop too good !! I gave this one star but really it does n't even deserve that !
 This is my 3rd littermaid . The first one lasted 3 yrs and the 2nd lasted 8 years . When the last one died , I went out and purchased the Elite Mega Model LME9500 . It ran flawless for 2 weeks and then started to run through a cycle 5 times before it would shut off . I e-mailed customer service and they said that I had too much litter . I sent off another e-mail assuring them that the level of litter was exactly as specified in their manual . Back came another e-mail asking me if I had the purchase receipt and where did I buy it , also to take our the battery compartment to get a serial # . I complied and they asked me to dismantle and cut out the ribbon cable along with $ 10 and they would send another one , they did n't mention what model I would be getting . I chose not to dismantle the machine and would live with the multiple cycles as my cat is very large and 12 yrs . old and had enough trouble getting her used to this one . Today , after being aggravated to death with this machine the flap on the side broke off . This is the cam on the right side that opens the flap for the waste to go in . I have looked on their site for a parts replacement and it seems that they do n't have customer replacement parts . Why these parts are on a flimsy plastic hinge is beyond me . There is no need for them to fold down except maybe to fit in a smaller box . I guess that I hope to Mickey Mouse this infernal machine to get more out of it , but it looks like a loss cause .
 I also wish I could give this item zero stars . This unit has a very poor drive that strips out very easily . The older units work much better . I also have a newer one than this that said right on the box `` Improved drive system '' . Sorry I do n't remember the model of the new one and it 's not printed on it . The Elite is a piece of junk that should be avoided at all costs .
 If I could give negative stars I would ! I had this litterbox for a little over a year and I have gone through 4 !!!! Each time it broke , the company would send me another one , which would last a couple of months and then I 'd be calling Littermaid again . To make matters worse , they have some pretty bad customer service . It is ridiculous how long I stayed with this litterbox . If you want an automatic litterbox - ANYTHING other than this product woudl be fine i 'm sure .
 I had one of the earliest versions of this years ago . It worked okay , but the motor was weak and jammed easily . It was a nuisance to clean . When it broke within a year I did n't replace it , as my indoor cats had since found a way outside and quit using it.When I recently moved and was able to bring them back indoors -LRB- yay ! -RRB- I saw LitterMaid had made improvements , surely significant ones , and decided to give it another go.Ha.Pros : * They have changed the way the rake tracks so that loose litter does n't jam it any more . * They 've increased the number of tries the rake makes before giving up . Good in theory . * They 've made the rake easy to remove and clean . * They 've added a function where you can tell it not to run for 10 hours , so you do n't have to listen to it while you sleep . * The motor seems to be more powerful . * It 's still a larger space so fits my 16 pound cat better than a standard box.Now the bads . * The depth of litter is still shallow , so the cat digs around more than in . This means they frequently make a nice little mountain when they 're done . The rake ca n't get through , even with the extra tries , and it jams . * The shallow means that the urine clump has a lot of surface area to stick to the bottom of the box . The motor is not powerful enough to unstick it , and it jams . * It 's still noisy . I can hear it two floors up -LRB- I have an open loft -RRB- . But using the sleep timer means it 's often jammed in the mornings from multiple uses during the night . * The idea of the little ramp to catch litter sounds good , but the fact is without a cover -LRB- which my cats do n't like -RRB- there is a mess around the outside . * Taking it apart so you can wash the bottom is still bulky and messy . * You need to use fingernails to get the litter catcher out from under the flanges that seal the gap between the box and the catcher . Yuck . Otherwise , the rake can push clean , loose litter all the way up to the litter catcher , it falls through the gap and you get a pile on the floor underneath . I put a mat under there and just dump the clean litter back in . But I should n't have to do this.In other words , I have to manually clean the thing once or twice a day anyway . So much for convenient.I finally bought one of those deep boxes with the built-in sieve and trays that you alternate between , which make it very easy to clean . Tight space for my big boy , by my smaller cat finds is satisfactory and uses it , which means a little less frustration with the LitterMaid . And for about $ 15 at Target , a good value.I 'm sorry I paid $ 100 to try an `` improved '' version . I wish it would break so I could give up on it without feeling guilty about having spent so much money . I wish I would have returned it while I could , but I hate to return bad products to Amazon when it 's not their fault , and it was large and would have been bulky and expensive to mail back.I see that other negative reviews have popped up since I bought mine , and if I 'd had those to read I would not have gotten it . When it breaks I 'm going to get another sieve one and my big boy is just going to have to deal with it.Do not spend money on this . And if someone offers you there old one for free , think multiple times before investing time in trying it . You 're welcome .
 I bought this new model of the littermaid when my previous one finally died . Although the older model was not perfect , it was well worth the money to decrease the amount of time spent on litter duty . This `` updated '' version is completely useless ! When I unpacked it , I was happy to see that the rake was now metal . I figured this would give it a bit more power . HA HA HA ! What it actually did is just break up all the clumps and roll around the poo . In three days , it only actually scooped one clump successfully - the rest was done by me . It is also A LOT larger than the older model , and my utility room is quite small , so that became a problem as well . After three days , I packed the thing back up and returned it . As always , Amazon was fabulous and issued a refund with no hassles . I now have the smart scoop litter box . Only had it 2 days , but so far ... working beautifully ! I also appreciate the lined waste receptacle , so dumping is not as disgusting . And to beat all ... it was about 20 bucks cheaper . Skip this one , and go for the smart scoop !
 I bought the litterMaid in hopes that if I followed the direction that it would perfectly . It does about 75 % of the time . I brought home a rescue kitten -LRB- he is about 8 or 9 months old -RRB- and he knows what a litter box is , and he has used the litterMaid - But it has become a toy for him . He chases after the rake when it is running , and then he plays with the poop , the pieces that break a part . The poop get over everything and it takes time to clean it out.I had bought the Kabana and the directions where so horrible and the construction so bad that I did n't put it on and threw it out . I did buy the liners and they worked well.The problem with the rake , there are several . The rake breaks up the poop instead of pushing the poop into the container . When it does that it drags it back and when it does that it gets stuck in the rake and the next poop comes it sticks to the fresh poop and it when it drags it into the container at times it catches on the top of the lid and when it closes , I have to at times clean it off the lid and then have to put fresh containers , because the poop sticks to the top of it.I had thought about buying the container that is a bit larger - - but I already have already 200 dollars into the system , I did n't want to spend another couple of hundred.I think a system like this has a long way to go . -- I would like to see an improvement of the rake , the ionic filter -LRB- the one that is on the box does n't work very well -RRB- , different type of non-dusting litter.As I said good in theory but so far I have had to use the scoop that came with it more than the machine worked.I have had this unit now for a month and a half.EDIT : I had it -- it will be thrown away tomorrow -- It 's more work than a regular cat litter box .
 My husband bought this for me because I hated cleaning the litter box daily ... and the smell proved it ! I was hesitant about it because I did n't think it would work well . I should have listened to my gut !! The first week everything went well . It kept the litter clean and there was no smell at all . Then I removed the disposable waste catcher and found a ton of unused litter in the catcher and another ton on the floor under the machine . You have to add litter to the machine constantly for 3 reasons -LRB- 1 -RRB- it does n't take a lot to begin with , -LRB- 2 -RRB- a lot of unused litter gets dumped into the pan -LRB- 3 -RRB- and the amount that gets dumped on the floor makes it go fast too . So not only am I cleaning the waste from the box every week I constantly have to pick up the whole machine and clean up the litter off the floor . I also purchased the cabana top to give my cat privacy and to have a visual barrier over the gross litter box . The top makes it really difficult to add the litter and it 's a pain to take off.I have had more frustration with this litter maid than I have with the good old fashion daily-clean littler box . If you are daring and still purchase one after all of these terrible reviews then I suggest keeping the box and the receipt for at least 2 months . You 'll get fed with with the piece of crap sooner or later .
 The only thing worse than this product is their customer service.I 've had three of these pieces of crap , all are in the garbage .
 I bought this product at Petsmart and it is absolutely horrible . Poor design . Poor application . Will break or have to be reset every other day . If they used sturdier materials -LRB- and actual metal railings , gears and wheels -RRB- it might be effective but this product , as well as most other automatic cat litter boxes are a waste of money . Ten dollars worth of materials with a 100 + pricetag and it does not work like they say it does . Do not buy .
 My husband thought this would be great , a self cleaning cat litter box , wrong , it makes a big mess , as shown in oneof the photographs , as the automatic forks drag the clumps to the disposal tray , it drops litter down the crack between the desposal container and the unit . You have to pick the whole unit up to sweep up all the cat litter that has dropped under the unit . You can spend more time cleaning up after the automatic cleaner than you would if you just used a regular cat box . The other draw back is the unit is very noisy . I will not be replacing the unit when it dies and that ca n't happen soon enough .
 I purchased this less than a year ago and the motor is dieing all ready . This is my third litter maid and they seem to get more expensive and more flimsy every year . This one is very difficult to clean . Time to try something else .
 As someone else noted the motor/rake is not very strong and sounds like its tearing up when it is in motion . When the rake begins to lift to push the poop into the receptacle it lifts up leaving a gap of about 1 '' -1 1/2 '' leaving most of it -LRB- poop -RRB- in the box and what is left is now caught behind the rake as it returns to its resting position and pushing the poop to the back of the litter box squishing it into the rake.I wish I had never wasted my money on this . It seems I am cleaning the box longer -LRB- getting poop out of the rake -RRB- and more often with this `` automatic cat litter box '' .
 I returned this product to Amazon . Although it was rated multi-cat , it was completely incapable of handling my single cat 's needs . I had to unclog it several times a day , which was more often than I had to clean a normal pan ! I think the thin layer of litter it requires to operate `` properly '' did not provide adequate absorption for my cat 's urine , which overwhelmed it , even though I used premium clumping litter . In addition , we found it remarkably noisy and the materials pretty flimsy . A resounding NO !! The best psrt was the ease with which Amazon facilitated the return .
 Where do I begin with this $ 150 piece of crap?I read some pretty good reviews on this ... but apparently missed most of the reviews . . what was I thinking?So I got a great deal at Petco.com and it arrived this past Thursday afternoon . After putting it together , I was so excited to see it put to the test.My family just adopted two 9 month cats last week , and after years of scooping with our previous cats , I wanted to be lazy and spoil myself with this box.Immediatly I noticed that the tines were not long enough to scoop anything into the recepticle . I was immediatly disappointed . Time and time again , the LOUD motor would run and the clumps would either get broken up between the tines before the end of the cycle , or they would fall under the tines on the incline to the recepticle . I found myself scooping pretty much after every time the box was used . Then yesterday , it just stopped working . The yellow light , indicating the air cleaner was active failed to illuminate and after 10 minutes it never ran . Today , I was so frustrated , I got my money back at Petco and got me a `` clevercat '' which has awesome reviews . Yeah I may have to scoop now ... but I already feel a weight off my shoulders since that demon box is gone . I feel like I won the lottery since it 's out of my house . What a terrible terrible product ... I 've heard the older models are better ... but am I willing to take that risk ?? Are you ?? Good luck !!
 Like many other reviewers , we have purchased multiple littermaids in our cat 's lifetime . We bought this one to replace our 3 year old littermaid who 's motor eventually died after regular use by one cat . I was excited to get a new shiny `` elite '' littermaid , but was sadly disappointed when we found that they changed how the littermaid functioned . It no longer lifts the waste up and in to the recepticle - it now just slides everything in , which includes more clean litter than it does waste . It also is n't strong enough to scoop the `` pee spots '' which just get stuck in the corners of the box and forces you to have to scoop the box on a regular basis.So you throw out clean litter , and have to scoop the waste . At this point we will have to go back to a regular box , it is less work than this `` elite '' littermaid .
 I loved the old one and thought the new one would be even better . Boy . was I wrong . The first one I got wound up being defective . Rake would not stop going after the first `` pass '' even though their were no obstructions . Then somehow the rake got slanted and would move on an angle up and down the tray . The customer service people were excellent and sent me a new box . But now the new one is having the same problem with the rake now stopping . Now that I see I can buy the old one , I am going to call the company and see what they say about the latest problem . Regardless , stay away !
 Hello Dear Public , I have purchased this product after my old litter maid has given up on my kitties 3 years ! First of all i must say , improved ??? NO ! It is noisy to point of being turn off at night since it is unbearable to hear it working and waking my whole 1800 sq foot loft ! How can you have such a cheap loud motor ? I am sure it was made in china for few pennies ?! If you need litter maid with alarm clock this is the product for you ! another major problem is the cleaning itself . The litter maid gets stuck and ca n't handle the waste of a single cat so i am sure you will have problems with multipule ones . This is not worth the money . I tried contact the owners however they never got back to me . Do n't waste your money as i can tell by other reviews on this site there are more people who did not like the product . What bothred me the most was the customer care i have expirianced with litter maid . They simply are not interested in returning your e-mails !!! I think next i try the scoop version of same product since this was just waste of my dollars . Hope you have better expiriance
 I have 2 cats that use 2 litterboxes and this litterbox died after only 35 days . Luckily , the store I bought it from returned it . I have owned 2 other Littermaid boxes and they both worked well , this new model is cheap and poorly designed . I plan on taking others ' recommendations and buying the older version . Hopefully , it will last long enough for Littermaid to create something better !
 This is the biggest waste of money . I too had older versions for many years . This one does NOT do what it is suppose to do ! The company recommends 3 types of litter . I tries all , 3 not only the unit gets stuck when raking thru the litter , most of the time it pushes the good litter into the dump container wasting litter . The motors are too weak for the unit . You can hear the motors sound like its skipping gears . I have to dump the litter and siphon the good litter out , which is what the litter box is suppose to do . The ionization device on the unit does not do anything . When power goes out , you have to turn the unit back on . As the old units , it would turn on and clean . The rake system gets stuck up sometimes . And most of the time the stuff the rake is suppose to dump , gets caught behind the rake unit -LRB- cause rake does not go down far enough -RRB- . DO NOT PURCHASE THE THIS UNIT . What ever person designed it , should not work for this company anymore .
 I purchased this product after owning the ` lower-end ' model , the LM900.This is dressed-up model has a stainless steel rake and fancy electronics . What it does n't have is basic functionality.Waste gets caught behind the rake or left behind . It requires daily attention to keep a modicum of cleanliness . If I wanted to pay daily attention to the litterbox , I would n't have purchased an automated one.Littermaid 's Engineers need to go back to the drawing board with this one . Fortunately LM 's customer service was up to par . I called them and complained , and they sent me an LM900 -LRB- After I sent them $ 10 and vital parts . -RRB- The LM900 sells for less than this model , so I lost money on the deal but ultimately ended up with a functioning product.Bottomline
 You would be better off to buy cheap litter boxes and replace them monthly than to spend your money on this . The disposable tray the poop is raked into is nearly impossible to line up right , so everytime the litter is raked over the edge , a good amount of it bypasses the tray and goes right onto the floor underneath . The construction is flimsy . The rake does a very poor job -LRB- I end up scooping through the box daily to get what the rake left behind -RRB- . At this point , I 've turned off the power and am using it as a very expensive , non automated cat pan .
 I purchased this model thinking since it costs more and its the `` elite '' model it would be better . It 's not . Its more noisey than the L500 and you ca n't use plastic bags in the recepticle like you can the L500 . I end up with litter all underneath the litterbox . I 'm getting rid of this one and going back to the basic model .
 1 . It ca n't handle the fact that my cats make piles of litter after they are done . it works fine if the litter is even . However , even the slightest hill makes it bind and I have to help it out with the manual rake provided .2 . The wheels that move the rake along move on a rail . The motor creates too much torque which over time causes the rake to start tilting and it ca n't move through the entire cycle .3 . Over time this torquing cuases the attachment to the rake to fail rendering the whole thing useless and just an expensive regular manual litterbox .4 . Littermaid replaced our unit free of charge under warranty . However , after 2 weeks of use again the wheels that move the rake up and down are falling off . Now I have to wait another 7-10 days for a new rake and once again have an expensive manual litter box.The amount of frustration this thing has caused is unreal . You have to manually rake it daily to make sure that nothing is caught on the bottom -LRB- yes I use Pam to try to help things -RRB- or behind the rake which causes it to bind .
 One word
 As I write this review I 'm watching the piece of junk go back and forth feebly attempting to lift a single turd . The motor is so weak and the design so poor it can slide a single cat turd up a 45 degree inclined plane . I 'll have to scoop it . That says the whole story . It 's so noisy that the cats are scared to death of it . For the noise it makes you 'd think it could pull a stump.I spent $ 150 so I would n't have to do that . I 'm so stupid that I bought to of these things . They are both incomparable pieces of what that are supposed to dispose of.Poor concept , Poor engineering , Horrible construction and no quality what so ever.Beware !
 Our cat is almost 10 years old and we have purchased four or five versions of these over the years since he was a kitten - usually replacing them because they broke down.Pros
 I purchased this to replace the LitterMaid my cats had been using for 7 years - the wiring was shot - and within 2 days the litter rake began running continuously - it would n't shut off on its own and the cats became scared of the box . I returned it , got a replacement and had the same problem with it . I wo n't be purchasing another one . This is very disappointing as I was so pleased with the original and expected the replacement box to be even better since it was several years newer .
 I loved loved loved my first LitterMaid but I hate hate hate the new and &#34; improved &#34; LitterMaid . It does n't clean as well and it does n't have the power in the motor to push the litter up too the recepticle for dumping . I have tried to like this stupid thing for over a year now and still hate it with a passion . I found an older model just the other day to order so that is what I did . I hope it is as good as my first one that I loved so much . If not I would advise everyone to try another brand .
 I have had several cats and numerous different kinds of litter boxes over the years , and this is the worst of them all . Some cats are really picky and want truly clean litter every time . To avoid issues and accidents it 's vital to give them what they want in this regard . I had previously owned two basic LitterMaid boxes and had generally decent luck with them
 I purchased this litter box because my dog enjoys eating cat poop and I wanted to deter her from doing so when I was out of the house . I assumed when my cats used the box , it would clean up after them and I would n't have to worry about my dog 's breath smelling terrible anymore ! Unfortunately , even though I tried multiple litters that were suggested to me that work `` better '' for this litter box , the box still had trouble gathering the clumps of poop and when the spokes did catch any poop , the fact that it has to open up and scoop it over a little ramp is the fault in this product . The spokes are not long enough to keep the poop from just falling right back into the litter box , and they are not long enough to get the bottom of the litter box at all , where clumps of urine form . The ramp that is supposed to be clothed to keep the cat 's paws clean does not work , and even fell off after a week . After that , the tracking of litter around my house was horrendous , even more so than a regular litter box , despite having high sides and ramp . The product has a good concept , but a couple faults in manufacturing makes it impossible to automatically clean the box !
 I 've owned the LitterMaid Elite automatic litter box for over 2 years . All I can say , is that it is a horrible POS . The machine is a horrible design , underpowered , cheaply made , incredibly loud , and is more trouble then it 's worth . If you have any inclination that this machine will save you from scooping cat waste , thing again ! The problem is that cat waste , like any waste is not rock hard . So when the extremely underpowered rake passes over it , it will usually break it up into smaller pieces which will pass through the rake , leaving the box full of small smelly pieces of waste . And that is when the rake does n't jam . Oh yes , it will jam . No matter what you do , it will jam . If your cat is like ours and likes to defecate in the back of the box near the rake , your out of luck . Often the waste will get stuck on the rake , when this happens it often pulls the waste to the back of the box , where it collects behind the rake causing more jams . Further more , when the machine does work , it seems to push out just as much clean litter as it does cat waste , thus making a mess around the machine , and filling the waste receptacle with as much clean litter as it does cat waste . With 2 cats I have to empty the waste receptacle every other day . I tried to like this machine . I really did , but I found myself fixing jams and scooping out waste almost daily . There is a reason they give you a special litter scoop with the unit , because you will need it . We have now bit the bullet and purchased a Litter Robot II . Yes it is large , yes it is expensive , and yes it is AWESOME ! No more scooping , no more smell , no more litter everywhere . Do n't buy this LitterMaid POS . If you have the money and space buy the Litter Robot . If not , buy the the Omega rolling cat box , or anything else but this LitterMaid . Did I mention that it is a cheap POS ? I 'm off to throw it from the tallest building now . Thank you .
 Believe everything you read in the other comments that is negative . I never write reviews . This is a rare exception . I have spent more time writing on this now than it is worth . In the end it is a litter pan that you end up scooping the litter out yourself . I think the ionizer is a fake thing . I have never seen the light on . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 Mine died within 2 months of purchasing it . Littermaid said they would replace it ... however , I 've been waiting over 2 months for my replacement . They keep telling me it 's backordered . I finally got them to agree to a refund and I 'll go find another box on the market that actually works longer than 2 months . In the two months that it did work , it constantly dumped clean litter all over the floor -LRB- it 's like it slid down the top or something -RRB- I was constantly cleaning up large amounts of clean litter . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I bought this new elite version after my old one which I had for many years kept jamming . I think my husband broke it . I loved the old version . It cleaned very well . This new one is designed with a much flimsier plastic . Constructions is weak . It does not clean nearly as good as the old one . This one seems to shove the waste up to the receptical leaving pieces of waste in the litter box . It also seems to trap waste behind the rake . Somehow it falls through or behind the rake when cleaning and then ends up stuck there as the rake retracts back into the starting position . I am constantly having to full with this machine . The other and older models were much sturdier and required less babysitting . If you can find the older model , buy it . I just ordered the LM900 from amazon to replace this elite model . I am just upset that I already threw the box out for this one and can not return it .
 Think 9 times before trying this item out . If you make the mistake of disregarding what seems to be nearly universal negative reviews and shell out the $ 110 you 'd better keep your receipt . After you unpack the box here is what you can expect :1 - You 'll think , `` Man , this is a pain to put together . `` 2 - You 'll see how many different parts you kitty will be able to poop on.The next day you can expect this to happen :1 - You 'll find the collection tray filled . You 'll have to scoop it or toss it .2 - You 'll notice poop and/or piddle collecting on and behind the rake .3 - You 'll notice poop marks on the housing of the unit , requiring cleaning .4 - You 'll be cleaning the unit and repacking it in the box to return it to the store.DON ' T BUY IT !!!!!
 Whatever you do , do not buy this product , you will regret it!I would give this product negative stars if I could , it is that bad . We have had two of the original Littermaids in the past and both of them worked very well . Recently , I purchased this model because it is larger and our cat is a larger 18 pound cat . The old Littermaid was a bit small for him and he usually urinated in the corner which often made a mess that clogged up the tines . When he did n't do that , the old Littermaid worked very well . This new design is utter garbage .1 -RRB- Most of the time , it does n't even run . It seems to rarely detect that he 's been in it and gone to the bathroom . He can use it several times without it running which usually ends up making a big mess when we discover it has n't run .2 -RRB- When it does run , it generally does n't do a good job of getting the waste into the bin , often there will be a pile of waste sitting on the edge of the bin but not in it .3 -RRB- The motor is under powered and nearly bogs down to the point of not moving , even with very little litter in the bin .4 -RRB- The plastic is very thin and flimsy . The older model we have is much sturdier , thicker plastic . It seems for the cost of this model they could have used a thicker , sturdier plastic.Today , I cleaned up the old Littermaid and put it back in service . I plan on trying to return this item as it is the biggest waste of money I have seen in a long , long time . Littermaid seems to have done everything they can to reduce their manufacturing cost with shoddy materials and inferior design . It 's a shame , as their products used to work well .
 I , like many others commenting here really liked the old littermaid automatic litter box . I 'm talking about the one with the plastic rake . It worked great for many years , then the motor went out . That was fine , I expected it to die after five or more years and two cats using it . I upgraded to the Littermaid Elite and it was n't as good as the first one , but functioned . I wanted something better , so I assumed that buying the best product they offered on the market would improve the performance at least to that of the first automatic box we owned . Wrong ! The Elite Mega was very problematic and after only one month I discarded it and have moved onto a new comapny . The PetSafe Simply Clean is now in our home and is working out great so far . The reviews on here were very supportive so I have high hope for long term success .
 After having this contraption for only 8 months , it has stopped working altogether . I wish I had just bought a $ 15 plain ole plastic box , and not spent $ 169 for this white elephant . Both red and green LED lights blink , and the rake assembly does n't work at all . Their is no obstruction , and the manual does not address this issue . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I had been using two Littermaid boxes for over 4 years , then last year one box died so I decided to get this new model . Amazon was great they had to send three , yes three , before I could get one that worked . It lasted exactly 16 months before the mechanism went crazy and started grinding gears at 4AM . In that period of time I was going through 40 pounds of litter a month for two cats because this device drags the waste through the litter and into the bin and by doing that takes a good deal of clean litter with the dirty . The older models lift the waste out of the ltter and drop it into the bin . If you gain any help from this review let it be this ... do not waste your money on this model buy the older design , hey buy two and you 'll still be ahaead .
 Having had several Littermaid boxes and normally loving them all this new one is the BIGGEST piece of junk to ever set sail on unwary consumers . It constantly breaks down , rake jams if the litter is not evenly distributed -LRB- and lets face it no matter how much you try to get the cats to smooth out the litter after using the box they just never do -RRB- we now just use it as a regular old box until we get something new .
 This automated monstrosity is just about as valuable as the stuff it 's supposed to scoop away . After a severe back problem flared up I purchased one to avoid potential injury from more years of bending and scooping.In short order I found myself bending and scooping . This LitterMaid advertises itself as effective for multi-cat households , but after using it for several months I 've decided that that claim is true only if the other cats are constipated or suffering UTIs.The LitterMaid is a great concept but has several problems : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It works when it wants to work
 I would 've rated this at zero stars if I could . After having it for about one month , I have come to the conclusion that this is one of the WORST products I have ever purchased.Prior to purchasing the Elite Mega , I owned an LM500 Basic model . While it did n't work as well as I liked , it was 100 % better than the Elite Mega.The Elite Mega is poorly and cheaply constructed . The rake does n't lift the lid of the receptacle high enough for the waste to go in . The rake does n't go all the way back and lift out of the litter allowing the cat to urinate into the litter behind the rake which keeps the waste from being raked out . The attachment points for the receptacles are extremely hard to work , do n't fit well and are often knocked loose by the rake.For $ 150 , I expect a lot more from this product . The LitterMaid Elite is not nearly as good as the old model .
 I have had this Littermaid -LRB- LME9000 -RRB- for just under 60 days -LRB- Purchase date was 8-22-2006 -RRB- . It was a replacement for an older Littermaid that I had for 4 years -LRB- give or take about a month -RRB- . Here are the problems I have : The flimsy molding causes the cover for the receptacle to never close . It catches on the sides , so its always cracked open . So the ionic filter may sound nice , it ca n't battle that much smell.Also , since the rake does n't have a fixed guide , it catches a lot even when its only raking through litter with no waste to plow through.The rake guide wheels are not so great either . If the rake gets caught on something , the motor is actually strong enough to break the wheels off the rake , resulting in a completely useless littermaid.I would not reccomend this model/style to anyone . You are much better off with the LM500 since its the older design and should be far more reliable .
 I WOULD GIVE THIS ZERO STARS IF I COULD !! We had the LM500 for 3 years and it worked great . My fiancee and I purchased this as a replacement as it was the only one offered at our local `` megastore '' . We are SO disappointed.This model is highly inferior to the LM500 . It does not snap together well so makes a lot of noise when the cat goes in and out of it . Very `` rickety '' . Our older cat was fine with that but the younger one got spooked by it . She started urinating NEXT to the box , refusing to go in it . So , now we have a second box to clean next to the Littermaid for her . It also does n't always rake the poop all the way to the receptacle.Terrible , terrible , inferior product . Get a different Littermaid model!I called the company as I am so unhappy with the new model asking them to replace it with the LM500 . They refused to replace it with the older model as they say their warranty does not cover in the event you do n't like it -- it has to not work . Well , if my cat wo n't use it , then it does n't work ... does it ?! Be warned . Do not buy this model !
 I had the original base model for a few years and then it finally died . It was n't great and each week I would have to resolve at least one problem it could n't deal with , but on the whole it was fine . So stepping up to the top model I thought was a smart idea , it 'll be much better than the base model ... yeah right!This thing barely touches the bottom of the tray so it will ` never ' get everything out . It 's design makes it ` impossible ' for it to get ` anything ' at the very back of the tray . The forward portion of the scoop cycle has a half inch to inch gap between the tray and metal prongs -LRB- yes , it 's put together properly so the ` you should be able to read this text ' text is under the tray -RRB- . The plastic boxes do n't fit in the area given easily so you have to lock them into place ... this and the motor seems weaker than the base model ... A total useless waste of money , resolving it getting stuck is now a daily operation .
 I have been a Littermaid user for about 7 years . My first unit was purchased in 2001 , and it lasted about 4.5 years . It was a pretty decent machine , other than solid waste sticking to the rake and sides . The second unit , while of the same model , was not as well constructed , the motor died pretty quickly . Same cat , same litter , just a shorter lifespan on the motor . I decided at that point to try out the new design , thinking the metal rake would be a step up , and the ionizer would help with some smell.It 's been less than 6 months and the unit is dead . I can hear the gears grinding when it tries to run , not that it 's run successfully for more than three weeks of it 's existence . I have had a very expensive manual cat box for the last 5.5 months.My cat likes to pee at the back of the box , and even when properly filled , the motor is n't powerful enough to get the rake to move the clump . The motor is underpowered , to say the least.Watch out if you have a dog ... The second day I had this one , the handy removable waste bin was scattered all over the mud room by the dog . It comes off very easily , especially if the Littermaid-brand mat is under the box to catch the litter spill . In addition , getting the front edge of the waste container to fit under those tabs is really tricky , and the rake pulls it up anyway , dumping all the litter onto the floor in front of the `` detachable '' container.This was a big waste of money , a definte downgrade from prior models . The manufacturer of Littermade has let their quality control go , and is n't producing the same quality product that they built their reputation upon . Buyer beware !
 We have the LME5500 model made by this company . Either our cat has too much `` output '' at one time or this product is a piece of garbage . I think the product is a piece of garbage . Ca n't push the `` output '' into the container , then just retracts , resulting in my having to scoop the box out by hand EVERY time . Do n't waste your money -- there 's a reason why old litter boxes -LRB- box with litter and a shovel -RRB- still exist !
 I have purchased several LitterMaids over time and was pleased with the product . While the design was not perfect , the pros significantly outweighed the cons . Recently I purchased this newly designed LitterMaid and was surprised at its really poor design.For example , rather than raking the used litter into the disposable container , the newly designed metal rake pierces the clump of used litter like a sword , drags the clump across the litterbox , fails to drop the pierced clump into the container , then drags the clump to the back of the litterbox . This process causes two things to happen . One , the metal rake pierces so many clumps of litter that the motor can no longer push the rake through the litter , which causes the motor to make a pitiful whining sound every 10 minutes . Two , if the rake is able to run long enough , it will pack a significant amount of dirty litter into the back of the litterbox . This packed litter will then stop the rake from returning to its resting position , which causes the motor to make a pitiful whining sound continuously . Additionally , while the rake is piercing and packing dirty litter into the back of the litterbox , almost no litter is placed into the disposable container.I could go on but my point is made , and yes , I tried different brands of litter . Finally I just unplugged the piece of crap and started scooping it out by hand .
 Have had this unit for about 1 year and twice the rake roller has broken . Took LitterMaid 2 months to get the first replacment to me and now it has broken again . DO NOT recomened this unit !!! The ONLY unit they have made that last is the LM900/LM950 . Had two of them and they both lasted 5 + years !!
 I bought this one thinking newer is better , right ? I had three original littermaids before this and was quite happy with them . This one though , first of all , the `` air freshener '' does n't help much , and all those little vents mean it 's quite filthy and impossible to clean . Secondly , the metal rake does n't work as well as the plastic rake and stuff gets caught in the back behind it . Finally , when you fill it to the recommended level of litter , it dumps half of it on the first pass into the receptacle . So you can never have enough litter in there to clump properly . I just bought another original LM900 -LRB- to replace the LME900 I own currently -RRB- because I ca n't stand it any more . The night timer I 've never used , I keep hoping they will let you adjust the clump time , 10 minutes just is n't long enough even with their brand of litter.Having said all that , I have used it for two years and it 's still easier than a litterbox , but for that kind of money , it should work better than it does .
 I had an older basic version of the littermaid and it worked great for about 2 years . after it stopped working , I found I could not live without an automatic litter box , so headed off to the pet store to find another . There they had a new and improved elite version . New and improved , eh ? The first one worked great , but if this was to be even better , how could I complain ? Unfortunately , from the minute I bought this home , it was horrible . Instead of being better , it was much worse ! The thinner , but metal tines seemed to break apart the poo more than before leaving many more little pieces that would not get picked up . Worse , the rake kept dropping the clumps between the box and waste box and they would pile up there and fall through the crack creating an enormous mess ! We did discover that placing a long piece of duct tape over this crack helped a lot , but of course made changing the waste box more of a pain - as we had to undo the tape and re-tape , etc -LRB- it is only because of this tape solution that we found we could live with this box and hence 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- . Basically , we went from checking the litter box every 3 days to having to check it once a day . After about 13 months , it finally broke - and I was happy - an excuse to buy the old model again !
 This newer model - Mega Elite - is a piece of junk.I was very happy with an older LitterMaid Mega from 2004 . The `` fork '' on the older model was made of blades -LRB- not wires -RRB- and the motor was apparently much stronger then.Obviously I know how to use this product since I was a happy owner for several years.This newer model has severe problems with the motor quitting on the cleaning pass -LRB- lack of power to make the pass -RRB- , and also with the tines clogging . The problems are severe enough that it 's easier to go back to the manual method .
 I 've purchased several Littermaid 's over the years -LRB- a different story -RRB- , but this one is the worst . You 've read that it wastes litter , but here 's some specifics . In the last 8 weeks that we 've owned this POS , we 've gone through 6 20LBS boxes of litter ! At upwards of $ 20 each for the ` Premium Clumping Litter ' required for this unit to even work , the price of convenience gets very high . Do yourself , and your cats a favor and get the original Littermaid , or something else altogether . Stay away from this product .
 I have been a user of the original basic LitterMaid model for 5 years . As a family with 2 cats , the demise of our original unit is not surprising . To replace it , we recently purchased the Elite LitterMaid model , as it seemed the new design , with a removable metal rake and an easier to remove lower pan would be easier to clean than the original basic model . Unfortunately , the Elite design is quite flawed . To begin with , the new rake , which slides up and down on its assembly as it travels across the box , frequently gets stuck in the raised position after it deposits waste in the bin . This causes it to miss raking much of the litter as it returns to its stored position , until it arrives at the wedge on the side panel which forces it down . It also takes a lot of clean litter to the bin , which is a waste . Also , the rake leaves a lot of litter at the edge of the waste bin which must be swept away manually . It also does n't distribute the litter evenly throughout the pan which makes it difficult to tell when the pan is properly filled . These problems are minor compared to the ones I will describe next . The rake only skims into the litter about 1/2 '' , even when the litter has been refilled to the maximum level mark . This means that only clumps which sit on top of the litter are cleared away to the waste bin . Since our cats typically cover their waste after they use the box , most of the waste stays in the box . Worse yet , since it remains in the box , it gets raked to the back of the box . In the Elite design , the rake does not go to the back of the box , but stays approximately 2 '' from the back . This means that any waste which does get raked back has no chance of ever getting to the waste bin , but rather sits behind the rake 's stored position . This requires constant manual removal of the litter behind the rake . It completely defeats the purpose of having automatic litter disposal . Admittedly , the original basic LitterMaid model was not perfect , and we expect to have to clean it periodically . But none of the problems we are having with the Elite model existed on the basic model , which is why they are so obvious to us . These design flaws in the Elite model are inexcusable and a big disappointment.P.S . After a few complaints to LittlerMaid , they sent us a new Original model -LRB- after we snipped out and removed a chip which rendered it completely dead -RRB- . The motor in the updated model is even quieter than our old one , so we 're back to being a happy house , even though this big heap of useless plastic is headed for the land fill . So if you 're stuck with the Elite , make LitterMaid replace it !
 This Automatic Self-cleaning litter box was a total waste of my money . the motor does not have the power it needs to scoop the waste into the bin at the end of the box . I only have one cat , so there is not alot of waste , but it still does not work the way it should . I paid alot of money for this litter box , and I am completely dissatisfied with this product . I will never recommend this product , and I would love to find a better product , without paying such an expensive price . A real disappointment !
 This product is a complete waste of money . It does not scoop most of the clumps out , so we are still hand-cleaning multiple times per day . Small clumps are totally left behind , larger ones often either stick to the tines , do not make it up the hill to the receptacle or jam the receptacle door open . And the odor control ?? Please ... Does not work at all.The only positive thing I can say is that we bought this from Petsmart on Black Friday , so only paid about 30 % of the retail price . If I had paid full retail , I 'd be fuming!DO NOT BUY !!
 We hoped that this automated litter box would help us keep the box clear to keep our new dog from eating from the box -LRB- I know , YUCK !! -RRB- . Well , it does its electronic thing every ten minutes or so , but it takes more time to maintain than a regular litter box . If the point of this is to help people who ca n't bear to look at or touch cat pee or poop , forget about it . The receptacles are flimsy and easily collapse , and the tines of the rake get clogged up every single day -LRB- or more -RRB- . It would have been much easier to save the more than $ 150 we paid for this and just take the time to clean our regular litter boxes . I am deeply disappointed . By the way , we use the highest quality litter - Arm and Hammer clumping multi-cat litter , which clumps just fine in the regular box , but gets all clogged up in the Littermaid . The concept of this contraption is brilliant , but it does n't deliver what it promises . Too bad .
 I have had Litter Maid products for 9 years now and the newest replacment i recieved was a total waste of money . It leaves the litter dirty and most of the time does not put the waste completly in the pan . Do not waste your money .
 I am disabled and had owned a LitterMaid once before . It made taking care of my cats much easier . I ordered this one thinking I would get the same quality as in the past but found that the standards were much lower . The fingers for the scoop used to be solid plastic but now they are a flimsy metal that is so flexible it lets most of what you are trying to scoop pass below this . I tried a little more litter to raise it up but the motor is incapable of pushing it even though it is far from being over filled . The box itself is not secure . The old boxes had latches to hold it together this one just sits on itself . This comes to be a problem with the lid when it tries to close . If the box has shifted even an eighth of an inch the lid hangs open releasing all the pleasant smelling oder into the air . The trays are harder to insert where they work . Many time they are lifted up and the poop and junk go behind it to the floor . LitterMaid needs to hire new R & D people . They have taken a good product and made it more difficult to use and less effective for more money . Once again the disabled get taken in with the shisters !!!
 I have used these LitterMaid products over the years with no problems . However , the design of this machine does not permit it to dispose of the material over the container but stops just at the edge . Therefore , you end up manually scooping . Checking the previous LitterMaid litter box confirms the DESIGN FAILURE.To return the product I must disassemble it and try to repack it . No easy matter so I am stuck with it . Unfortunately , I trusted my earlier experience with LitterMaid and did not read the comments when ordering - shame on me . I hope this does not happen to anyone else .
 This litter box simply was not designed for my cat . Like most cats he vigorously digs for a at least a minute before maybe using it . The litter of course goes right up the smooth ramp and all over the mat and my floor for endless cleanup , my other cat ca n't tell the difference between litter on the floor and litter in the box -LRB- I know , the product ca n't be blamed for bad cat , but there should n't have been so much litter on the floor that bad cat feels comfortable peeing there anyway -RRB- . Also , there is absolutely nothing protecting the inner workings from flying litter , so naturally the cat flings litter into the motor and gears and it has lost power . It sometimes got jammed when it was new on the clumps that 'd stick to the bottom , but now it sometimes ca n't even clear the pan when it is clean . I 've only had it for a few months but all it does now is make groaning and popping sounds as the motor strains and the gears slip . It sure makes a lot of racket for the wimpy amount of power it has.So , unless you have one of those cats who is very dainty in the litter box , spend your money elsewhere , there are boxes that work , this just is n't one of them .
 I had one of the original LitterMaid Megas for 7 years before the cable broke -LRB- got snagged in the rake -RRB- . I purchased a replacement -LRB- an upgraded version of the original model -RRB- that lasted almost a year before it burned out . I called the company since it was still within the warranty period , and I was sent this P.O.J. model . I tried to get them to send one of the older models , based on the reviews I saw of the newer one , but they did n't carry them in the Mega version . The new one did n't even last 3 weeks . For those who this product actually worked longer than 1 month for , consider yourselves lucky . So much for a `` better , new improved product '' . That was the first and only newer LitterMaid product I will ever purchase or use ever again.I 've been a mechanic , I 've worked on computers , and I 've worked in construction . I know sometimes new stuff breaks . It happens . Every now and then you get a lemon , but a lot of people got lemons in this product , and that 's a bad trend . Whatever design flaws this thing has really needs to be addressed . Some of the improvements they made were great -LRB- like the rake movement and how it pushes the litter into the receptacle instead of shoveling it -RRB- , but all the functional and aesthetic improvements are n't worth a flip if the machine itself ca n't stay working for longer than its warranty period.Until the durability issues are addressed , I will keep away from ever purchasing a LitterMaid product . In fact , because of the durability issues , I ordered 2 SmartScoop automatic litterboxes just yesterday . They 're a little more expensive , but the reviews are nothing but fantastic . I will write a review of mine when I have had adequate time to evaluate them .
 I have had the old style littermaids for years and loved them . You ca n't buy them a t petco and petsmart anymore , so I tried the this one and put my old one in the basement . Now the cats go to the basement to use the old one . this one is so lame , does n't clean , no power . I was constantly scooping . I wrote to the company and got some lame form letter in reply which showed me they did n't even read it . this is going in the trash and I 'm getting another old type .
 To be fair to the product , I want to state that the LitterMaid Elite is my first automatic self-cleaning litter box . With two cats I thought an automatic litter box would drastically reduce the time I have to spend servicing the litter box . To my dismay and frustration I spend just as much time now as before scooping and vacumming litter . Even with the Kitty Cabana covering the box , the cats still manage to sprinkle litter all around . Because the rake sits a bit forward , clumps of `` smelly stuff '' get stuck behind it-this I have to remove the old fashioned way . I am definately going through more litter now than before because the LitterMaid tends to push clean litter into the recepticle along with the waste that is behind it . If I had n't misplaced my receipt , I would definately return this monstrosity to PetSmart for a full refund .
 Littermaid electric litterboxes are a joke , a waste of money , and quite nearly a cause for divorce . My darling husband has been enamoured of these useless devices which keep breaking down , and yet he goes out and buys the next new and improved version every time the previous incarnation breaks down . Well , when he had hand surgery last month and I took control of litterbox duties , I trashed the old ones accumulating in our cellar , returned this model to Petco for a full Amex refund , and went the natural route . A plain old no-bells-or-whistles deep litterbox , Swheat Scoop litter , and Eureka - litterbox Nirvana . Our 3 kitties access their box via an interior door to our cellar . The Littermaids , every new and improved version of them , were unable to do a clean sweep , the rakes too far-spaced to capture the smaller turds , and the motor never up to the task of scraping the accumulated gunk of moist clumping litter coating the bottom . Do not buy this piece of junk . Go natural - usean organic litter such as Swheat Scoop or Feline Pine . No odor . No need to cover up with fragrances . No cause for divorce .
 I threw this litter box away after 3 weeks . Containers do n't fit properly so waste falls beneath or between sides ; rake gets caught and dirty ; motor , while weak , is incredibly loud ... I ended up scooping the box , as normal , but cleaning a greater mess than I ever had with plain litter box ... turned me back into the `` litter maid '' .
 I have had this product over a year . I bought this in Dec 2007 from Amazon . I have had to have the transmitter replaced three times . There is a latent defect in how the transmitter is designed that causes it to stop working . After the warranty ran out I opened up my once-again not functioning transmitter and found that the battery connector had a broken solder joint on it . What happens is that the screw cap for the battery makes contact with a ring that has a stub on it . That stub then gets soldered right to the transmitter board . Because of this whenever I would need to change out the batteries I would twist the battery cap , that would flex the ring with the stub , that flex would break the solder joint to the board and the transmitter would not work any more.The collars themselves are great . I have not had any problems with them .
 I am a law student and my study schedule rarely works well with my two dogs . In order to keep them occupied , I routinely give them bones similar to these as `` get away from me for three hours and let me study '' treats . Each of my dogs finished its respective bone of this type within 15 minutes . They devoured them . While it is most likely not harmful that they swallowed the crushed bone chunks , it makes me worry . I will not , ever , give these bones to my dogs again . The reward , the time they spend chewing on them , is minimal while the risk , that swallowing bone chunks will hurt them , is higher than I prefer . In balancing these two aspects , these bones are worthless in my opinion .
 Go with beef bones or marrow bones . The salt they put in the pork bones and other chemicals to keep them from rotting is horrible for your dogs . Smell one next time you go to feed one to your dog , its disgusting and it smells 100 % man made . Smell a beef bone , they actually do n't smell bad at all , there not toxic as pork bones are.I had given these to my dogs twice , the first time it slowed them down , like us eating 2 combo meals from Mc Donalds , the just lounged around and did n't do much , had a touch of diarrhea . I did n't think the bone had anything to do with it until I gave them the 2nd bone 2 days later . They both got sick this time , could n't drink enough water and was vomiting out over control.Its just not worth it with all the other alternative out there and on Amazon . Please find something better.I use marrow bone I get at my grocer , I freeze them and give them to my dog . Keeps them busy for a solid 45 minutes and they have never gotten sick . Either that I have used the beef bones , the ones smoked and dried . They work well and are safe for your dogs . Check out my reviews if you like I have some on dog treats .
 this is a waste of money . in my opinion the bone is dehydrated way too much causing choking hazards for smaller dogs . i will never order this again .
 First off the air in side is nice and tight however the outlet side is loose , bought 2 of these 1 broke trying to remove the air inlet hose so I had to super glue it back together the air outlet side is so loose that your hose will fall off half the time . Not worth the cost , going to try some other ones .
 Lazy seller ... After waiting a month to receive my order and a couple communications with the seller , he got mad and cancelled my ordered.I got the impression this is a bother for him and he does n't want to be doing this as he said his stuff was n't suppose to be advertised on Amazon anyway .
 Not sure if fleas are building a tolerance to Frontline or what but we are still battling fleas after applying two tubes of Frontline within a 2 week period .
 It helped , but did not work as I expected . Eventually you are forced to bath , retreat and start the whole house and yard cleaning process over again and again .
 did n't work for my dog . it got fleas under Frontline `` protection '' . My dog lives in house and goes into the street just for walk . So , we used Frontline spray back home in Europe and never had any problems . But after using this spot Frontline for couple of weeks I 've noticed flees . Immediate extra application of Frontline did n't help at all - it did n't make any effect on insects . So , I finished up using Hertz for getting rid of them .
 this was not the frontline - PLUS I thought it was . Disappointed ! The box appears to be the same , but it was not . I thought I was getting a good deal , but I did n't .
 I applied this product to my 7 pound dog and after five days he was scratching . I waited five more days and checked his skin and found flees . This product has worked in the past , but you never know where it is produced . Looks like its time to find something that works . Too bad it cost me 63.00 .
 I carefully applied product per instructions to my two twelve pound dogs . The fleas were back in full force after ten days !
 I recently tried Frontline plus for the first time on my one year old lab pups . It did n't do a thing . I heard that dosing may need to be corrected ... but I followed the directions and applied for their correct weight ... I suppose I could up it . . but I worry that this will make the dogs sick . NOT impressed .
 I received the package , but when I went to use the product one of the six applications had leaked all of the medication . I paid for six and in effect received 5 treatments .
 I put this on my dog , and I still saw a flea crawling on his belly . Now , I do n't know if maybe I did n't give it enough of a chance , but I instead went and got the tablets from the vet .
 frontline top spot does NOT kill larvae , or flea eggs . so when you apply yea you kill adult fleas , but in a few days the larvae grow to adulthood , and the eggs hatch to become even more larvae and VIOLA , more fleas ! BUY FRONTLINE PLUS TO KILL ALL AGES OF FLEAS , EGGES EVERYTHING , but but but MAKE SURE IT IS A US PRODUCT , OTHERWISE IT CAN NOT BE INSPECTED AND REGULATED BY THE EPA . you can get bogus stuff ! be aware , do lots of research on seller . they use different names , write their own good reviews etc. . . YOU CAN FIND GOOD ONES . I HAD A SELLER SUSAN SOMETHING ?? SHE WAS GREAT , BUT CAN NOT FIND HER ANYMORE : -LRB-
 I have had my dog on K9 Advantix all summer , and just now started on the Frontline due to a customer service issue with the Advantix . Living on Long Island , which is one of the highest density Lyme Disease and flea areas of the eastern seaboard , it 's important to me that when i take my dog to the state parks , he comes back without `` friends '' . All summer and up until about a week ago -LRB- which coincides with our first walk in the state park since being on Frontline -RRB- , he never had fleas , and I can count on one hand the number of ticks I found on him . With our first treatment of Frontline , approximately 2 weeks into it , he is biting and scratching like a maniac ; when I washed him with flea shampoo , I could watch the fleas jumping off!I 'm VERY disappointed in this product , especially since I now have 5 months -LRB- $ 50 worth -RRB- that Amazon will not allow me to return because of the chemicals within it , that I will NOT be using . K9 Advantix will have all of my future business because this stuff does n't work . If I 'd known Amazon 's return policy on it , you can also bet I would not have bought 6 months at a time.So , I guess I 'm very disappointed in both the product and Amazon 's lack of up-front return policy acknowledgement .
 I used this on my puggle who has suffered from skin allergies . Because of all her itching , she 's thickened the skin on her back . Our vet gave her an oral flea treatment two weeks after I treated my dog with Frontline because she was absolutely crawling with fleas . The vet said the Frontline would n't work efficiently because of the effects of her skin allergies . Just a warning - i know that Frontline works well on our cat , so your pet probably could benefit from this only if it has normal , healthy skin .
 Top spot does not seem to work as good as the Frontline plus product . Had I known this I would not have purchased this .
 We have two dogs . Both are Sheltie 's . One is 11 and the other is 6 . We bought Frontline on the internet and applied to our dogs over Memorial Day Weekend . Within hours of applying the Frontline , our oldest dog became lethargic , not wanting to eat , his back legs became stiff and he experienced difficulties getting up the steps . We were away when this happened . I found it very strange that my dog became so sick within hours of using Frontline . When we came home , I found this site that indicated other dogs have had similar experiences . My husband took our dog to the vet . The doctor could not find anything visibly wrong with him . He checked him for lyme disease which can back negative and then ran additional blood work . The next day the vet called and said our dog was in kidney failure . He recommended giving him liquids to see if we could kick start the kidney 's . We took our dog over and started liquids immediately . Our vet is pretty much the main vet we always took our dogs to . Our dog was in for a check up several months back and everything was fine . He explained that with kidney failure the signs are subtle and are not usually picked up on until the dog is in very late stages of kidney failure . I spoke with the vet and asked him about the frontline . I explained that we gave it to both dogs . The one dog seemed fine . However , our oldest dog went from being happy , energetic to just lying around and not able to get up the steps . I asked the vet if the kidney failure could be a result of the Front line . The vet told me he had never heard of anything like that but he could not rule it out . He said you should only buy Frontline from a vet . He said if you see Frontline at stores or on line , it may not be the same product . He told us that Frontline only sells its product to vets . He asked me to bring the Frontline box in the next time we were in the office . Two days later , we brought our dog back for fluids again and I gave the doctor the Frontline box . He reviewed it and said it looked to be the same thing . He recommended that I contact Frontline and report what happened . I contacted Frontline . The person I spoke to from Frontline also told me that if we did not buy Front line from the doctor 's office they could not guarantee we actually got their product . She said they only sell to doctors and hospitals . I asked if Frontline only sells to vets , then how is it available other ways ? She said `` I do n't know . '' She said there are products that indicate they are Frontline but they are not . She tried to re-assure me that Frontline did not cause Kidney Failure in my dog . I recommended that she go on line and take a look at these postings . I told her what some of the postings said and how would she feel if she were me . She said she would think the same thing . She said kidney failure does not usually happen as quickly as what happened to your dog . She provided me with a case number and told me the EPA would be contacted . Within hours of contacting Frontline my dog died . He was a great dog and a huge part of our lives . He is so missed . We will never know for sure what caused his kidney failure . Possibly , it was happening to him and he showed no outward signs and when he did he went from happy and running around to difficulty walking , eating , etc. . However , I will always have in the back of my mind the timeline of when we applied the Frontline to when he was diagnosed and died . If you are going to use this product on your pet , please do not buy it anywhere other than your vet . The one clear message that came out of all of this is `` If you do n't buy it from the doctor then you have no idea what you are giving your pet .
 The box on the product site shows 6 month supply , but the package received only contains 3 month supply . I knew the price was too good to be true , so be forwarned . It is available for less anywhere , including my Vet . No reason to buy from them . They need to update the image or clarify in the product description !
 I ordered two packs , 6 month supply each . I received two packs , 3 month supply each . I could have bought the same product elsewhere for a lot less money . I feel ripped off.Frontline Top Spot for dogs 23-44 lbs .
 I decided to try out Frontline &#34; Top Spot &#34; this year rather than the previously used Frontline &#34; Plus &#34; because we do not have a problem with fleas . What I learned is that for ticks alone , the single ingredient -LRB- fipronil -RRB- &#34; TOP SPOT &#34; does not appear to work as well as the dual ingredient -LRB- fipronil plus -LRB- S -RRB- - Methoprene -RRB- Frontline PLUS . In other words the extra ingredient that is supposed to work for fleas actually seems to make Frontline Plus work better against ticks too !!!! I guess the other possibility is that I received a bad batch of Frontline Top Spot . Anyone else have a similar experience ?
 I bought this product thinking it would get rid of fleas on my dog , instead it did the opposite . I used it and saw that it draws fleas to your pet and then sterilizes them , not kill them . So it uses your pet as bait to get the fleas and then the fleas die after a few days , but this does not stop the fleas from biting your pet . So this was not a great product and the reviews never mentioned this . So I was not happy with this product and will never purchase this again .
 Spoke with my Vet . and she told me this product does n't work and she is right . I have put it on all four of my dogs and am now having to switch to advantage . DO NOT WASTE YOUR $ $ $ $ $
 I will NEVER use Frontline on one of my dogs again . I have 2 dogs , I put this product on both of them a few days ago . One dog is fine , but the other got SEVERE chemical burns from this . She is in a lot of pain and she 's got blisters like crazy , which are now starting to ooze . I am taking her to the vet this afternoon . Some dogs just seem to have a reaction while others do n't . I will never again use it on her . Please be careful and watch any new animal you try this on .
 I intended to order Front Line Plus instead of the Front Line . The Front Line Plus contains an ingredient that kills newly hatching eggs that are not affected by the non-plus product . The regular Front Line does as advertised , ie it does kill fleas but does not take care of the eggs like the Plus version does . Dogs are scratching like mad only a couple of days after application of Front Line . Not worth buying if it only lasts a day or two .
 When I received the order of Merial Frontline I noticed the serial # on the box did not match the individual 3 packets inside . I called Merial and they advised not to use the product but to notify the business that I ordered from . I emailed the company several times and finally received a reply that if I sent it back they would refund my method of payment , I have yet to receive that credit . They explained it was probably an error by the manufacturer .
 My dog has been on Frontline ever since I adopted her from a shelter . Never had a problem with it before . However shortly after I received and applied this batch she contracted fleas , which she promptly shared with my indoor cat.I know , I know -LRB- now -RRB- that the cat should get it anyway , but it was still an unpleasant suprise to discover a flea infestation on a dog that should have been protected . So that makes me wonder - what exactly did I receive from this company ? How much of actual Frontline was really in the product that was mailed to me ?
 After waiting for almost one month , I have finally received the product I ordered . It seems there was a problem with the shipping . When I did not get the product in a timely manner , I contacted the seller by e-mail . They responded quickly . We e-mailed several times and then they called me . The question was , do I want to cancel the order and get my money back or have them to re-send it . I took a chance and had them to resend it and it arrived within just a few days . I might note that my original order had two items in it . The first item arrived without an issue . JNS was pleasent to deal with and I would give them another chance when ordering .
 It has been way over a month since I ordered and still no merchandise.So if you need it within a couple weeks do n't order .
 All the dogs did was look up at it the first two times it went off and then went back to barking . After the second time , I was the only one that heard or paid attention to it and it was VERY annoying . I 'd rather hear the dogs bark.Might work for someone else , did n't do anything for us . I returned it for a refund .
 This does n't work . Very disappointed . I tried it for a few days on my own vocal little dogs with no effect . I packed it back up and put it on the shelf in the garage where I forgot about it . Having found it after the return date it 's a waste of money and packaging.Don ' t waste your money !
 I tried it on the audio to see if it worked and it worked infrequently when my dog barked in the house . The barking in the house was very loud . This would have no effect out in the yard on neighbors dogs so I used it from a window . It had little effect on their need to bark but they found it annoying and would go to the far side of the pen . Bark free was not sensitive to barking and did not work unless I pressed the button on audio . It certainly was not cheap . Thank God these horrible neighbors who had dogs penned about 60feet from my window are no longer there . In this county there are no enforced ordinances .
 My dog has learned how to use this item faster than I . He stops barking occasionally but usually ignores it . I 've tried adjusting but not effectively . Directions are minimal and of no real use . Item is nice looking and if more effective , would be great .
 I was disappointed in this product . The construction was cheap and fragile , and it did not diffuse air . It produced only two bubble streams , one at each end of the rod , rather than a wall of bubbles as indicated in the advert . Maybe mine was defective , but I returned it an used a regular air stone instead . It did come with two decent suction cups and an adapter for either straight tubing connection , or `` L '' connection from vertical to horizontal . That was a nice touch - but meaningless if the air stone did not do a good -LRB- or even decent -RRB- job !
 Arrived two weeks ago ; have had in soapy water since then , but ca n't get rid of the stickum used to hold sticker to bottom of food/water surface . Throwing it in the garbage tonight .
 Did not fit , returned , grr rr rr rrr rr rr rrr rrr rrr rrr rrr rrr rrr rrr rrr rr
 Do not but this product . It 's flimsy , and easily breaks . It 's not worth $ 15 . It is a knock off of other bubble walls . If you are looking for a similar product then try the Fish Tank Aquarium Blue 14 '' Bubble Wall Airstone w 3 Suction Cups . I own that one now , and it works like a charm . This Lee 's product was a disapointment .
 I bought this fish tank seven months ago and have gone through three pumps -LRB- which I had to buy through the company because I could n't find one at any local stores -RRB- and four light bulbs . I have had fish tanks for years and never had the problems that I have had with this one . It looks nice when I works , but the top leaks and god forbid the power goes out in the house because restarting the pump is a total nightmare . I would n't buy this fish tank again .
 If you 're looking to get this product , small fish like neons and those that do n't grow larger than 1 inch might work . However , the photo shows goldfish in this `` aquarium '' . DO NOT put goldfish in a `` tank '' like this ! Many people are n't aware that goldfish grow up to -LRB- and likely over -RRB- a foot in length . They need * lots * of filtration , and 1 goldfish is required to have a * minimum * of 10 gallons ; 20 gallons being the preferred * minimum * for * one * goldfish.Koi are another fish that would be inappropriate for this `` aquarium '' , as Koi can grow up to 3 feet in length . 1 Koi needs a minimum of 100 gallons -LRB- or was that 1000 gallons ? -RRB- .
 Tip does not keep the needle on well . The numbers are easy to read , but so big they obscure the fluid level .
 I at least expected the wheels to be rubber , rather than hard plastic . For the money , this stroller is not worth it . sorry . I got just about the same quality from a stroller I purchased for $ 29 on Amazon .
 I ordered this and was very excited since I have been looking at this stroller on several other websites and have researched the quality etc. . It arrived today and it was all wrong . The colors and materials are not the same as a real Petzip . It is flimsy and of poor quality . The windows do not even unzip ! Obviously a cheap knockoff ! The packaging and a label on the stroller say `` BestPets '' . It is already packaged up to return . Very disappointed !
 Neither of my two cats was interested in this even though they both respond to catnip in general .
 I at least expected the wheels to be rubber , rather than hard plastic . For the money , this stroller is not worth it . sorry . I got just about the same quality from a stroller I purchased for $ 29 on Amazon .
 I was very disappointed in these chew sticks . My dogs practically inhale them because they are so thin .
 I thought I was purchasing a Carlson pet gate . The item description and the packaging stated that the gate was white . The gate I received is a tan/brown . I strongly suspect that the gate I received was generic and not a Carlson brand . The gate is very flimsy and the latch does not work correctly . There are two stickers , which read Carlson , on the latch , but I believe these stickers were created and placed on the gate so that it appears to be of that brand . The gate pieces are three different colors . Nothing matches . I have other Carlson gates and they are very sturdy and good quality . This gate is a knock-off and somebody is using the Carlson name on their generic product .
 I bought this gate because it was the only gate that would extend long enough to fit across my kitchen . The first time I ordered it , the plastic was broken on the edges , bars were popping out everywhere , and it was completely unusable . I waited over a month to get a replacement and it was broken again ! I gave up trying to purchase another one after that . If it ca n't handle the shipping process then it wo n't stand up to my two lab puppies ! This is too cheap and a waste of your money . Do not buy .
 This product is trash . It seems to make my dog 's condition worsen after I apply it . I told myself maybe I applied it wrong , but four times in row , shame on me for putting my dog through this misery . I will never use this product again . The price way outperforms the product .
 Moved to an area with lots of ticks , so we switched from Frontline to Advantix -LRB- VET Said wouldnt be a prob but he doesnt sale bc he didnt move enough volume -RRB- . Murphy my Beagle had been picking up fleas from the neighbors dog once the frontline wore off , after applying the K9 we had no problems for the first week . I noticed he was scratching and sure enough fleas again . I just gave him a dose less than 2 weeks ago . So now I have to contemplate giving him a double dose , or cutting my losses . Sucks to lose your hard earned money on something that doesnt help your best friend . Save yourself a headache and dont waste your money , time , or pets health on this product . BTW I 'm not sure if my doses are expired bc Bayer puts Lot codes on without exp dates . Undoubtedly to help move product that goes stale -LRB- Which should be illegal all things that expire need a date -RRB- , Ill be calling tomorrow to get the manufacturing date of mine . STAY AWAY FROM THIS INEFFECTUAL PRODUCT , unless you feel okay giving it every other week and dont mind the discomfort to your pet .
 I had to apply this stuff once every 2-3 weeks . I did n't think it was all that great . I will be buying a different brand next time .
 I bought this product because our dog had fleas . I treated her right away and two weeks later , she still had fleas .
 I applied this product to all three of my dogs , which are all under 10 pounds , and it is not working . It has not quite been a month and they are still scratching with fleas . I will not purchase this product again . It is too expensive and does not work effectively !!!
 I believe people should do some research and then decide if this type of treatment is the best alternative for them . There are other safer alternatives . The advantages of these types of products are ease of use , convenience , and they have shown to be effective in the prevention of many Canine Vector Borne diseases -LRB- CVDB -RRB- caused by fleas , ticks , and mosquitoes.On the other hand , I distinctly remember my college Toxicology professor discussing the negative impacts of these types of product in 1995 . Ultimately , he said it will reduce your dog 's life span . It makes sense to question , ` If the pesticide that you are giving your dog to poisons the pests , what are the short term and long term effects for your dog ? ' According to the Bayer 's MSDS sheet for Advantix 55 K9 4pk , this product is toxic and combustible . Straight from the MSDS , `` May cause eye , skin , and respiratory tract irritation . Harmful if inhaled . Inhalation may cause nausea or dizziness . May cause nervous system damage . Ground -LRB- as in electrical conductivity -RRB- containers and equipment before transferring to avoid static sparks . '' If you would n't want to put this on yourself , then why would you put it on man 's best friend ??? Also , it has been shown that some dogs have a bad reaction to the one of the main ingredients , permethrin.Other considerations , if your dog is on Heartworm prevention then you do n't really need to worry about the mosquitoes unless they are really annoying to your dog . Futhermore , I do n't think dogs should be on HW prevention year round . The simple truth is that it is not that hot all year long . For mosquitoes to be viable , they require a warm and humid climate.Simple preventative measures like ensuring your dog does n't get access to drink stagnant water , keeping grass cut short , and etc. . Also , you can find many alternatives online to treating fleas and ticks . I have seen many references to adding small amounts of raw garlic to your dog 's diet . It changes the natural chemical makeup of your dog 's blood and gives off an odor the fleas and ticks can smell so they do n't want to feast there . Another option is to use biological controls , like adding nematodes to the yard . There are some nematodes that are natural enemies to insects . They only infect insects . These are not only great for killing insects so your dog does n't get diseases , but they are also advantageous to for your plants and garden . They are the only thing I could find that would eliminate the japanese beetles naturally . However , it took a reproductive cycle for them to work on the beetles since they could only infect there host -LRB- the larvae -RRB- in the ground . They are sold at garden supply stores . Ask which ones are lethal to insects.IMO , these topical pesticides are clearly harmful to your dog . They are only a good option for those who are n't willing to take any other measure to prevent the Canine Vector Borne diseases . Everyone should make an informed decision and way the benefits and costs .
 I decided to try K9 Advantix -LRB- the medium sized dosage -RRB- on my mutt after hearing about flea resistance to Frontline Plus and looking at the added benefit of mosquito protection in the Advantix . I should have done a simple google search prior to making this decision.This product produced near-immediate negative side effects in my precious dog . These side effects were :1 . Intense restlessness2 . Distress - You know when your pet is unwell ... just because they ca n't verbalize it does n't mean they ca n't tell you ! 3 . The worst one -- he seemed extremely unsteady on his feet like he was having a neurological response.After reading online reports ... and trying to wade through those that are just not true ... I decided I would bathe him in Dawn dish soap . This was about 2 hours after application . He did n't seem a whole lot better , or I was just terribly freaked out , so I ended up taking him to the emergency vet . She checked him and all vitals were fine , and advised me to just go home and monitor him . I was lucky enough to get most of it off of him , and he seems fine now . To say that it was scary though would be a gross understatement.Never , ever again ! He has a bit of a response to Frontline Plus , but NOTHING like what I experienced a few days ago . For many dogs I 'm sure it works and is fine . All I can speak of is how my dog responded . Please be careful !
 I tried Advantix -LRB- as opposed to Advantage -RRB- for the first time recently and immediately noticed that my dog was having a strong reaction to it . She stayed up all night panting heavily and periodically would run in circles . I checked the package insert and it said nothing about possible adverse reactions , and the product website also failed to warn of potential problems . However , I read on a vet 's site that Advantix , unlike Advantage , is known to cause a variety of side effects , including hyper-activity , which was obviously what was going on with my dog . This site said not to use the product again in the event of a bad reaction . Not only was I unhappy with the product , but was upset that Bayer did n't bother to list possible side effects . Very irresponsible . I wo n't use any of their pet products again .
 Although I have used Advantage safely for years , Bayer has added a toxic pesticide Permethrin , to it 's formula to market the once flea only product for ticks also ... The very same Permethrin sold over the counter as Bio-Spot your vet will tell you is unsafe ... Do a google on Advantix toxic , Permethrin toxic & see the results ... My Min-Pin started showing signs of neurologicalproblems the very next day ... I regret applying at night before going to bed as I could not do a thing the net day ... I tried washing the product off 3 times with soapy Dawn , but it was too late ... He became confused , lethargic , spaced out without ability to focus ... later could n't even go out to pee ... He died 3 days after application ... Bayer denied any of the symptoms exhisted before & said it must have been something else ... The dog was in good health , & never left the house after application ... The neurological symptoms came within hours of application ... I MISS My `` Little Man '' ... Permethrine IS POISON for your yard ... read the warnings ... My dog died from this product advantix ... do n't believe the marketing & advertising HYPE by Bayer ... it 's all for money at the expense of sme pets reactions ... do the research BEFORE !!
 My dog almost died from this product from the ingredient Permethrin . Within 8 hour of applying the correct amount to my dog he was crying and hallucinating pulling his hair out.His body was twitching , and his back legs would not move . I immediately washed him with Dawn detergent , but this still did not help . I took him to the vet and they started injections of atropine the antidote for Permethrin , and was hospitlized.He is now experiencing kidney problems , and fluid in the lungs from this.My vet bill has reached $ 823.21 and it 's still not over.My vet refuses to carry this product it 's deadly for some pets .
 My dog -LRB- Cairn Terrier mix -RRB- had terrible side effects from this medication . Not only did he scratch his back to the point where it bled , but he acted completely bizarre for approximately 6 days -- my dad called him the LSD dog . He was jumpy and paranoid and just seemed miserable and haunted.After I returned the remainder of the medication to the vet , I told him what had happened and he said he 'd never heard any other complaints about Advantix , but after a quick search of the internets , I realized I was not alone . Bayer needs to put a warning on this product -- if your dog experiences any side effects , bathe him/her * immediately * using Dawn liquid detergent.Clearly every dog is different . The good reviews are from people whose dogs did not have a bad reaction , but if you 've never used it before , why take the chance when you have other options ? I have since switched to Frontline Plus with no problems . -LRB- We used Revolution in the past , which was fine , but it is not effective against ticks . -RRB-
 I would never have applied this product to my dog if I had known what it would do . I applied it as directed , and everywhere it touched her skin is inflamed and red , her whole body is hot and she is in agony , twitching and whimpering . She keeps trying to scratch her back and can not sleep or relax . I am waiting for a return call from the vet now . Please do not use this product , I feel horrible because I was just trying to help her and I will never forgive myself if she dies . Once I realized there was a problem , I immeadiately washed her with dishsoap but it did n't help . I will say that my other two dogs are just fine after application , but it is n't worth the chance .
 I used K9 Advantix because I was bringing my dog with me on vacation into tick-infested woods . I used three-quarters of the 20 lb . dose on my 13 lb . poodle . Approx . 12 hours after application , she began to have terrible neurological symptoms , running around and crying , jerking and jumping . Her nose became very hot and her breathing became rapid and shallow . We were up all night . By the time I got instructions over the telephone to wash it off with liquid dish detergent , it had been 24 hours . She survived , but the cartilage in her throat has been damaged and her bark is permanently changed . If you are using this product for the first time , PLEASE use only half the recommended dose and standby with the liquid dish detergent . If your dog can stand it , you can apply the rest two days later . The only antidote for permethrin poisoning is to wash it off with liquid dish detergent within the first 24 hours ! Many dogs have been injured , and deaths have been attributed to K9 Advantix . If you feel you must use it , first read the horror stories on -LSB- ... -RSB- on the K9 Advantix topic . Bayer Animal Health will tell you it is perfectly safe . Do n't believe them !
 I have read the reviews and know that K9 Advantix works for many peoples ' pets . However , be very careful when using this brand of flea control . I have been using Frontline Plus and had no problems with it , but K9 Advantix advertised that it killed and repelled more insects so I thought I would try it on my 12 pound Shih-Poo . What a mistake ! Within the first 24 hours of using this product , the application site became very red and my dog was scratching like crazy . I gave him a bath in oatmeal shampoo to remove any K9 Advantix residue and to try to relieve some of the itchiness . It gave my dog some relief but later that day I noticed that the area was still red and the skin had started to flake , peel and bleed . I immediately rushed him to my vet and was told that the K9 Advantix had given my dog a skin infection . He was put on an antibiotic , an antihistamine , and Benadryl at night to help him sleep and keep him from scratching all night long . I 'm happy to say that the medications are working and his skin color is now back to normal . I read another review where a similar situation happened to the owner of Shih-Tzu . I do n't know whether K9 Advantix has an adverse reaction only on certain breeds , but I 'd be very careful using this product , especially on small dogs .
 I used K9 Advantix on out 90 lb . Old English bulldog for the first time on the advice of a friend that it killed ticks better . I 'm sorry I used it . Twenty min . after application our dog had a major seizure . He then went on to develop leg tremors , difficulty walking and climbing stairs . He became lethargic , acted like he was nauseated or dizzy . He lost nearly 10 lbs . in two weeks . Our vet and groomer said it was the Advantix , that they have had other dogs come in with neurological symptoms after the product was used . He has gotten better , but he is still not himself . When I called Bayer , they said all of this was an unusual reaction to the product , but if you do research on-line , you will see thousands of animals that have had bad reactions and/or died .
 I just switched from advantage to advantix and my dog had a rash where it was applied . That was n't too bad . But a few days later he began having seizures and vomiting . I had a strong feeling it was the advantix but Bayer does n't list adverse reactions on the package so I called . I was told that could n't happen as the medication is not absorbed into the skin . Do you know of anything that is n't ? Skin has pores ! It was a dumb response and they refused to report the seizures and vomiting but did report the skin rash . So I guess Bayer will admit there are adverse reactions , they just get to choose which ones . And if you google adverse reactions to K9 Advantix , you 'll see my dog is n't alone . It may work great for some but Bayer needs to be more honest with their customers .
 Within 2 hrs of applying this product to my 2 year old 19 lb healthy dog , he began shaking , crying and scratching out-of-control . After 3 days , 2 baths , 2 trips to the Vet and one steriod injection by the Vet , his skin is still red and appears to have a chemical burn on the site of application . He still has sudden bursts of pain causing him to cry , shake and pant heavily . The manufacturer was contacted by the Vet and while they are aware of this type of adverse reaction , they provided little information for treatment or duration.If you choose to use this product , watch your dog carefully and be ready to act quickly if you notice any discomfort .
 Be aware that this company is knowingly marketing this product using a an imaging that represents the current range ; however , they will supply an older version of the drug . Once you 're order is placed the image will miraculously change to the old product line as if that is what you ordered all alone . Very devious .
 I was prescribed Advantix by my vet . I applied it as instructed and within hours my dog was distraught . He did n't sleep all night , he was beside himself running around the house with jerky movements . He started shivering uncontrollably and panting heavily . We took him to the vet 's - he said there was no antidote to the medicine and that any adverse symptoms should pass . My dog has still not recovered and is not himself . I will never give my dog this product again . I will never give my dog anything without researching the product myself first . Incidently one website seemed to say Bichon Frise/white fluffy dogs are more susceptable and my dog is a Coton de Tulear -LRB- related to Bichons -RRB-
 This is not the same as Advantage . I used this on my beagle , followed the instructions and had a horrible reaction , started with the itching and skin became irritated . Then he started having neurological problems , is constantly pacing does not wag his tale , is lethargic at time then anxious .
 DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT . My Boxer had a horrible reaction and it never occured to me to see if it was safe since my vet sells it ! It has now been 5 days and she is getting better , bathing her and benadryl is what has helped her . She was screaming 2 days after applying it to her as if her back was on fire . She had diarreah for 2 days , would n't eat and had bouts of crazy hyper behavior . She is on the mend thank god . I would never reccomend it . I returned the unused portion to my vet , got a full refund and they have flagged her chart regarding this reaction .
 Both of my dogs had a horrible reaction to this product . They were pacing , acting weird , and scratching relentlessly . They could n't sleep and were generally ` wired ' from the product . They were whining and clearly uncomfortable . I washed the product off about 8 hours later since the symptoms did n't go away . That relieved them . They were left with scabs on their back from where the product was applied . STEER CLEAR of this . I bought it over the counter at Petco but my vet said that many dogs do not agree with the product and that this is not an uncommon reaction .
 I have used this product in the past with excellent results , but this must have been a bad batch , for I did n't see any positive results . My dogs were covered in fleas just one week after application , and I was forced to buy locally to resolve the issue . It is difficult to understand how a product can work so well , and then not at all !!!
 Put this on both my dogs . And they are scratching 2 weeks later . And still have fleas . Do not buy this product .
 I have three different dogs - a shi tzu , lhasa apso , and jindo . All are experiencing diarrhea , twitching , and lethargy . Worse decision ever to switch to Advantix .
 I ordered this product but received advantix for dogs over 55 pounds . Thank goodness I noticed before using on my 5 pound chihuahua . I sent an email to the company 3 weeks ago through amazon and still have n't heard back !
 I switched from Frontline because of the claim that is repels Ticks ... . I used if for 3 months thinking I was applying it wrong or something ... my dog now has a skin problem and LYMES disease ... DO N'T BUY THIS
 Two hours after using this product on our sweet little bichon he started screaming . His skin turned bright red and was swollen . We washed him , but the next day he continued to shriek every time he moved . Two days later his back was covered with thick scabs . He was burned . A few days later his front legs broke out in scabs , like it was burning him from the inside . Weeks later we are still seeing new scabs on his front legs . The Advantix helpline vet told me that next time I should put it in several different spots instead of all on one spot ! As if I was going to use it again !!!! Stay away !!!
 We 've been using Advantix for a long time and it works great BUT recently we had an emergency with our small dog.I came home to find her eyes swollen shut . We 'd done nothing out of the ordinary except apply her latest dose of Advantix the night before . We thought perhaps she had rubbed some on her bed and then gotten it in her eyes . While my wife ran the dog to the vet , I called the emergency help number for Advantix to see what they recommend should this be the case . After describing the situation to the Advantix representative , he told me in a most condesending tone that it sounded like `` an interesting theory '' . After repeating that I was just interested in finding out what we should just in case , he again refused to give me any sort of advice and instead implied I was lying . He sarcastically informed me that `` it 's not like there 's an antidote '' . Eventually I just hung up.I 'm not sure why there is an emergency help number listed if Advantix is not planning on giving any help , but for all the other pet owners out there -- do n't bother calling and do n't bother buying !
 I bought this and used as directed . My dog is covered in fleas . I tried it an additional month just to see if it would work , and no luck . I 've been using K9 Advantix for years and never had a problem until I tried this less expensive way . I would n't recommend it .
 This product is worthless against fleas . I used this flea treatment exactly as the directions stated and got zero results . My dog has as many fleas now as she did before . If you spend one penny for K9 Advantix you will have spent too much . Waste of money ! Whats really bad about the whole situation is I 'll have to wait 30 days before I can put any other medicine on my poor dog . DO N'T BUY , DO N'T BUY .
 I have used K9 Advantix monthly on my dog since she was old enough . She has had flee bites and I have pulled numerous ticks off of her -LRB- already feeding -RRB- . I have to take her into the vet tomorrow because she has bull 's - eye marks on her -LRB- possibly Lyme Disease -RRB- . Maybe it could be worse if she was not on anything , but it defiantly does n't work as advertised .
 This works okay but it does not get completely rid of the fleas . Our yard is treated , as well as all 3 of our dogs and they still have fleas . Not near as bad if not treated but they still have fleas .
 i have used this product before and has worked great . however this batch is n't quite up to par . it repels fleas -LRB- but not much problem with them in winter anyway -RRB- but has not been effective against ticks . hopefully second dose will work better .
 I used Frontline Plus with no problem and then decided to try Advantix due to it 's repelling of mosquitos claim ... stupid decision ever !! I used Advantix Saturday morning on my 24lb . cockapoo -LRB- used only about half the tube ... thank God -RRB- . 24 hours later she was nearly doing somersaults trying to bite/scratch at her back ... especially near the tail . I knew immediately it had to be the Advantix as she had never done this before . She acted like something was biting her . I was DEVASTED to know that I had used this product on her which was hurting her and without checking it out first ! She did n't have a flea problem I was just using as a preventative -LRB- never again ! -RRB- . Drs. Foster & Smith recommended it so I bought it at the local pet feed store . An hour in to her symptoms I contacted the emergency animal clinic -LRB- it was Sunday night -RRB- . I was told to bathe her with Dawn dish liquid and give her a Benedryl , which I did . The vet tech said that she did n't know if the bath would do any good as the product had been on her for more than 24 hours . I did bath her back real good and gave her a prescribed antihistamine . It did n't help right away . It took her a while to settle down . I was a mess ! I kept a watch on her through the night . She seemed to have episodes of misery then it would settle down again . I called the vet the next morning he said continue the antihistamine and give her another bath and I did . She was eating and drinking ok , was not lethagic only miserable with what seemed to be burning or stinging . My vet said he does not recommend Advantix . He recommended me call Advantix to see if they could recommend anything else . I did call the medical emergency number on the back of the box and was forced to leave a number . Three and half hours later my call was returned . The vet tech said `` after two baths the product should be gone ... that it is not a systemic product ... that it stays on the surface of the skin . '' She proceeded to defend the product and stated that a reaction to the product is VERY rare . Apparently , not that rare !!! It affected my dog did n't it !!! To me that 's not rare ! The only other thing she offered was to apply Vitamin E to the areas where the product was applied and try using a cold pack on the areas that are irritated . She also told me that it was n't burning her , that the sensation she felt was like when your foot goes to sleep and it tingles . Excuse me ... how many dogs have they talked to too determine that ?! This stuff is an insectiside with permethrin in it . After doing research on this product I could n't feel worse . My baby is suffering . I 'm praying that this will be the only damage done and we 're just having to wait till this horrible product runs it 's course . My vet said these symptoms could last a week . I do n't know if I will ever put another topical product on my pup again or give her anything just because someone you trust recommends it . Check it out first puhleease !
 Please if you love your pet , do not use this product . My beloved 15 year old yellow lab Barney died from liver failure after the administration of this product . There is a formal investigation being conducted by the EPA NPIC -LRB- National Pesticide Information Center -RRB- 1-800-858-7378 and a class action lawsuit by Positive Legal Group in California . The investigation is for all manufacturers of all spot-on treatments . Please be very cautious if using any spot on treatment .
 I USED THIS FOR 2 SUMMERS ON MY DOG TO PREVENT FLEAS.SHE 'S AN INSIDE DOG BUT IS OUTSIDE WHEN WE ARE.WE LIVE NEXT TO A WOODS SO I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE THE PRODUCT TO USE . I DID NOT GET IT FROM THIS SITE BUT ANOTHER REPUTABLE SITE THAT WAS RECOMMEND BY AKC.FOR MOST OF THE TIME SHE HAD CHRONIC DIARREHA WHEN SHE HAD BEEN TREATED.I HAD THE VET TEST HER FOR DIFFERENT THINGS TO FIND OUT WHY . EVERYTHING CAME BACK NEGATIVE AND HE DID NOT KNOW WHY.LOTS OF MONEY WASTED!THE LAST TIME WE PUT THIS ON HER SHE MUST HAVE LICKED HER FUR.SHE PACED AND WHINED THAT AFTERNOON AND IN THE NIGHT I WOKE UP TO A REAL NIGHTMARE.SHE HAD EXPLOSIVE DIARREHA ALL OVER OUR HOUSE !! SHE WAS VOMITING AND DROOLING.I GOT OUT MY CARPET SHAMPOOER AND CLEANED UP.I CALLED THE ON CALL VET @ 4AM ! I HAVE NOT USED THIS SINCE AND SHE HAS HAD NO PROBLEMS.I THINK IT CAN BE DANGEROUS TO SOME DOGS.THE COMPANY DID NOT WANT TO HEAR MY EXPERIENCE EITHER.I MIGHT TRY THE PILL COMFORTIS , I PRAY THAT SHE DOES N'T HAVE PROBLEMS WITH IT !
 Here i sit with my 11/2 year old Japanese Chin 8 hours after Advantix application.When the time came for us to have quiet time , she came to my lap and i noticed she was shivering and staring into space . She is now hyper and will not rest , even though it is 3am . She continues to shiver and prance , holding her tail awkwardly . Another oddity is when i pet her she jerks her legs.There were no other variables to her day . i became concerned and searched if this med has reputation for causing adversities . YES ! Please read about the effects beforehand and your will find other reports of reactions !!! POISON !!! Everyone needs to report their reactions to the FDA , Here is link -LSB- ... -RSB-
 30 pound dog Advantix applied according to directions . She became tachycardic , and experenced lethargy , vomiting , rapid breathing , frantic scratching and biting her legs . I though we were going to lose her . Finally in desperation gave her a vigorous bath and within just a few hours breathing and heartbeat returned to normal . Still lethargic , but somewhat better . This is a horrible drug that does not come with enough cautions .
 I received the product quickly . However , with fleas being so bad this year , I found this product did not work . I found another product worked better , that I bought from a local pet store . I removed carpets from my home , and sprayed the yard . Still Advantix did not do the job . The service was great , but the product did n't perform .
 I got K9 advantix for my old dog maybe 7 years ago and put it on him about 4 days before a trip to a lake in Kansas . We camped for several days and that last day there I noticed he had ticks and found several more by the time I got back to Denver . I noticed the product was made in Kansas so I mailed a letter voicing how ticked off I was that their product did n't work plus the fact the ticks were Kansas ticks and one would think their stuff should work on their own ticks . BTW did I forget to mention the live ticks I pulled off were included with my letter ! LOL ! PS My dog did develop chronic kidney failure and I wonder if this ! @ ## had something to do with it ?
 Since I never actually received ADVANTIX , I could n't tell you . I ORDERED Advantix , but the seller sent me Advantage II instead . Being that I was desperate , I went ahead and tried it . What I CAN tell you is that Advantage II is about as worthless as the drug store brands.I believe I 'm just about through with Amazon buying .
 this product did not work at all.i have used this before and it was fine.this time NOT!i just heard on tv some meds ordered onlineare fakes.that must have been what happened to me.dzK9 Advantix Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 Pounds -LRB- 6 Applications -RRB-
 I switched from Revolution to Advantix for the tick control . Bottom line , this product does not work as advertised.I took my dog -LRB- treated with Advantix - advertised tick protection -RRB- , and my mom 's dog -LRB- control - no tick protection -RRB- into the hills for a hike . Both dogs were kept mostly on the trail , both dogs did brush against the grass . After the hike , my mom 's dog with no tick repellent picked up 7 ticks . My dog , 4 days after Advantix application -LRB- no baths -RRB- , picked up a dozen ticks . Not only did we pull 12 ticks off him within 48 hours of the hike , none of them appeared to be dying . The advantix may work a little ... both my husband and I found ticks crawling toward our heads after sitting on the couch with the dog . The ticks do n't die and still attach , but watch out ... they may look for a tastier meal at home - YOU !
 I have 5 dogs -LRB- small -RRB- and we live in Kansas . Last summer the fleas were horrible . I had been using Frontline Plus for years and it worked great . Last year Frontline Plus did not work . My dogs had a flea infestation . So I decided to try Advantix . I could n't spray our yard because we have chickens and a garden , so I concentrated on the spot treatment and the house and pet bedding . The fleas seemed to reduce and there were no ticks on my dogs . However this year we moved to 31/2 acres and I have kept up the Advantix over winter which I had not done in the past . We noticed that one of the dogs kept getting ticks . This month 's treatment I decided to leave the tick in place on the dog and treat with Advantix . We waited 1 hour and checked , tick still there . After 3 - 4 hours the tick was still there . We left the tick in place overnight and checked in the morning , tick was gone , but he had a couple of new ones . I am surprised that it took so long for the tick to go away -LRB- compared with Frontline Plus 3 hours was all it took before -RRB- . I can not put it down to immunity build up because we are in a new place that did not have pets before so there was n't a possibility of immunity in this year 's crop . I have yet to try the Frontline Plus , will wait a couple of weeks before applying that so that I do not over medicate the dogs . I have bought Adams Flea and Tick Mist and Shampoo in the meantime . It works - for a while . At least the shampoo kills the fleas -LRB- not sure about the ticks because we removed them before bath time -RRB- that were on the dogs . So in my opinion Advantix does not seem to work as well as advertised .
 FOR THE MONEY , YOU ARE BETTER OFF GOING TO WALMART AND BUYING 2 PACKS OF PET ARMOUR , WHICH IS , GENERIC FRONTLINE PLUS AND WORKS BETTER - KILLS EGGS AND HAS BIRTH CONTROL FOR PEST BUILT IN !! SO DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 After using Frontline for the past 6 years , our vet recommended Advantix to my fiance . Had I been there I would have refused it as we have had no issues with the Frontline before . In any case ... we applied it to our 4 maltese yesterday afternoon and by last night TWO of them were having a bad reaction -LRB- bright red skin , scratching and just freaking out -RRB- and the other two were scratching the spot ! We called the 24 hour emergency hospital and they said to bathe them and to give them Benadryl . If they do n't improve today we have to give them antibiotics . My smallest is suffering the most right now , scratching the spot and crying . I just gave him another 1/2 of the Benadryl and hopefully it will help . Going to send Advantix the bill for any vet costs . I am going all natural after this experience !!!!! DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!
 we have 4 small dogs and live in south florida , we have never before had a tick problem until this summer all of a sudden they started getting ticks every single time they went outside the house . So we bought advantix and still continued to have a major tick problem finding them attched to the dogs , still alive and all over the house as well . we just applied a second dose only about 3 weeks later since our tick problem is still so bad -LRB- as well as having our intire house and yard professionally fumagated -RRB- , hopefully this will do the trick . It 's WAY too expensive to not work in my opinion .
 I can not speak for everyone as everyone 's dog is different ... that being said from my perspective this product is not worth the money . My dog seems to be a tick magnet so I was desperate to find something that would help keep the ticks off of him . Each month I would apply the advantix a few hours after my dog had gotten his bath , the product was useless . We would go for our walks and I would keep him out of the brush , but when we came home and I would do I tick check I would find a tick attached to him . There were even occasions when he would just act like something was really bothering him and upon closer examination it was a tick . On top of it not repelling ticks it made my poor little terrier mix itch really badly . I stopped treatment after two months , disgusted with the product . Since then I have sprayed the perimeter of his yard with OrthoMax -LRB- which kills ticks that transmit Lyme Disease -RRB- and do regular checks for ticks ; I have no longer had a problem with ticks . The positive thing is that I am not applying a pesticide to my dog that could potentially harm him or my cats . The best thing you can do for your pet when it comes to ticks is to keep the grass mowed short and eliminate the environment that ticks thrive in . By the way if you do have problems with ticks get a tick twister they work great when it comes to removing an attached tick !
 The thought of K-9 Advantix repelling fleas , ticks PLUS biting flies really appealed to me . I was a bit nervous because my youngest Chihuahua was only 11 weeks & 21/2 lbs & I 'd read about some reactions . Well the only reaction I saw was eye irritation -LRB- all 3 of my dogs woke up with eye goobers the following morning after application of K-9 Advantix BOTH times I used this product -RRB- Also , I applied in the morning & that evening I took them outside for a little romp & brought them inside & noticed a few black fly bites on their stomaches . My dogs have NEVER had fleas & 2 weeks later I noticed them scratching & saw fleas on them ! I swear this Advantix stuff does n't repell , but attracks fleas . I 've had better luck with cheap store bought flea/tick repellant than with K-9 Advantix . Frontline ... here we come !
 Advantix made my dog itch madly all over , his skin became inflamed & swollen , lips and tongue turned bright red and his lively , beautiful eyes looked at me with great suffering . Fortunately a good bath fixed him up just fine .
 I have an 11 month old Beagle mix . I originally used Frontline Plus but wanted to try Advantix for the added benefit of repelling mosqitos and it 's supposed ability to repel ticks . Being that I live in a wooded area in PA with deer everywhere it 's only natural to expect ticks.I did n't apply any medication over the winter months and now that its Spring I tried applying Advantix for the first time . I did as directed and applied small amounts in 3 spots down his back . An hour or so later he seemed to be scratching more than normal . Now I never saw a flea on him as he 's mainly an inside dog , we just go out for leash walks around the neighborhood . I thought maybe I just could n't see the fleas and the medication was making the fleas go bonkers before they die.Well , the next day he could n't stop scratching . He actually pulled some hair out from his hind leg trying to reach his lower back . I felt horrible that he was so itchy . He also seemed very sensitive when I tried to pet his lower back . I could n't even get him to stay still to look through his fur . He did n't have any reactions like panting heavily or being lethargic so I was n't too worried . It took over a week before his biting slowed down.I was finally able to look through his fur and he had an actual burn hole in his skin covered by a scab about the size of a dime . This only happened at the end of his back -- the other two spots didnt have that reaction . I 'm guessing because with his thicker hair on his upper back I did n't get all the medication directly on his skin . The lower part I was able to actually see skin and it must have been too strong or my dog is allergic to something in it . My only recommendation is to put a tiny amount directly on their skin to see if your dog has any reactions before applying the entire tube . If I had made contact with his skin in 3 or 4 places I ca n't imagine how uncomfortable that would have been on him . : -LRB-
 been using product on time for three months . went hunting this month 15 days into last aplication . We have lots of ticks and I find them the day after there not dead . verry discouraged will have to go back to frontline at least it kills them . sorry . cold dirty bird hunter
 Here i sit with my 11/2 year old Japanese Chin 8 hours after Advantix application.When the time came for us to have quiet time , she came to my lap and i noticed she was shivering and staring into space . She is now hyper and will not rest , even though it is 3am . She continues to shiver and prance , holding her tail awkwardly . Another oddity is when i pet her she jerks her legs.There were no other variables to her day . i became concerned and searched if this med has reputation for causing adversities . YES ! Please read about the effects beforehand and your will find other reports of reactions !!! POISON
 After using Frontline for years I tried K9 advantix . Within an hour my dog could not eat and was obviously in very bad shape . At this point I do n't know if he will survive or what the long term damage will be . Unfortunately I used it without doing research on line first . Bad reactions are very common and deaths are not unheard of .
 I will never order from this company again because the expiration date on the tubes are 7-2008 ! Considering we 're using them for JUNE , JULY and AUGUST of 2008 , that means that they 're probably NO GOOD !! Sure enough , the one we put on her for JULY , 2008 did NOT work very well ! In fact , we put it on her on 7-5-08 and she 's been scratching like crazy from FLEAS for a week now and it 's not time for the August tube to be put on yet!If this is the best they can do , they can forget me doing business with them !!!
 After a few years of using Frontline successfully , we decided to give K-9 Advantix a try because it claimed to be effective against mosquitos as well.After application , our poor min pin was absolutely tormented ! He scratched almost constantly -- he 'd take a couple of steps , stop and scratch , take a couple of steps , stop and scratch ... on and on . When he walked , his hind end protruded sideways as if he had some sort of major defect . He could n't even manage to walk straight across the room.The sad part is , it was n't until the third application that we made the connection between the Advantix and these horrible symptoms ! -LRB- I know , how could we have not figured it out ? -RRB- When we finally discovered that we 'd been paying big bucks to torture our own dog , I was furious ! 10 seconds with a search engine pulled up the very information that BAYER should have warned us about!Mind you , I had no prior knowledge of these side effects , so this is n't a conspiracy theory situation . I just noticed that my dog had an awful , inexplicable reaction and found the information after the fact.PLEASE think twice before using this product !
 BEWARE - My 90 pound male Labrador has suffered an adverse reaction to K9 Advantix . After two successful applications last year , we purchased K9 Advantix again this May 2010 . Unfortunately he is suffering a horrible reaction due to this application . Perhaps an allergic reaction . Scheduled to see the vet this afternoon . I will never apply this or any of the other topical anti flea meds to my dogs again .
 I had used this on both my dogs . About the 4th time , my pug/westie mix started jerking towards her hind/tail area -LRB- I had put most on the back of the neck and a small portion at the base of her tail -RRB- . Since we had used this product before , we first thought she had hip or back problems so took her to the vet and specialist . After $ 1500 and 4 trips to the vet , including major pain medication she was better after a few days so assumed it was just a joint/back/hip problem that got better . The next month , right after using Advantix again , the same thing happened which led to the obvious conclusion it was an alergic reaction . I wished I had known it could be washed off with dish soap -LRB- per the earlier review -RRB- because she had to spend another 2 days until she stopped reacting to the treatment .
 There is a discrepancy between what is listed and what is shipped . The image in the photo is the same as what is shipped , but main item page says this is `` k9 Advantix II '' which is not what is shipped . There is a significant difference in the formula between `` K9 Advantix '' and `` K9 Advantix II '' . Hopefully Amazon will fix this problem and this review will soon be obsolete .
 This was a complete waste of money . I 'm wondering if it just does n't work anymore or if this could be a counterfeit , but the Advantix I bought at Petsmart last year worked fine . The Advantix I bought here did zip . Nada . Nuttin . From day one through week 3 , I 'm still finding fleas and ticks on my dogs . I 'll be buying something else next time . I 'd give it 0 stars but that does not appear possible here .
 My dog had a bad reaction to this product , which I got from my vet . On two different occasions , he started acting strange a few hours after application . In particular , it seemed that his back legs froze up . I did n't make the connection the first time b/c I had been using this product for some time . My dog seems fine now , but I feel terrible about it and hope he wo n't suffer any long-term effects . Please do n't use this product . The other reviews sound kind of crazy , but it 's true
 We bought this before talking to our vet , the side effects just were n't worth it . Moral of the story is talk to your vet before you buy anything like this .
 So far I have put this product on my dog twice and she still has a problem with fleas . not satisfied with the product.thanks
 After I applied it , my pup started scratching like crazy -LRB- almost like paranoid scratching -RRB- but he seemed fine since he was able to get some rest here and there . What concerned me is that he began biting at his nether region , which resulted in little cuts -LRB- he 's never done that in the time he 's had fleas -RRB- . Also , when I gave him the commands he has already learned really well , it took many repetitions for him to finally follow them -LRB- he stared blankly for a long period of time -RRB- . In addition , his urine became darker even though he consumed the same amount of water he usually does . The only positive aspect about this product is that I found a few dead fleas 9 hours after use . Still , I wo n't make the mistake of purchasing this product again . Especially after reading all of the horror stories & realizing that this harmful product does not even have any warning labels for possible side effects , why risk your dog 's health ? Not worth it at all .
 I applied K9 Advantix on my dog about a month ago , and I 've pulled 4 ticks off her in the last week and a half . She does n't have any fleas , thank goodness , but to me ticks are even scarier.She is a 75 lb American Bulldog , so it 's possible I need to re-dose her more often - but I 'm hesitant to give her Advantix every 2.5 to 3 weeks . If you read the Advantix description , they just say it `` repels '' ticks , not that it prevents or kills them . Wish I had interpreted that for what it really meant in the beginning . I 'm going to ask for my money back and switch to Frontline .
 Your service was great quick and efficeint . The problem is the product did not work and my dogs dont even go out , only in our arms to the vehicle . I have toy poodles which at the heavist 8 pounds I would have thought it would have worked . Have used this product in the past no problem worked like a charm , maybe it was a bad batch .
 I have used this product on three different dogs now -LRB- all under 20 lbs -RRB- and two have had extreme reactions . At this very moment , my poor dog Henry is absolutely suffering . After an application 2 days ago , he can not stop pacing , panting , panicking , crying . He can not even stay still long enough to take a drink of water , eat or sleep . Of course , the vet says it is just a coincidence , that it ca n't be the Advantix . They have to say that . . they sell the stuff ! Please read other user reviews and blogs online very carefully before applying this to your dog ! I regret that I did not .
 I ca n't tell you if this product works or not because my dog is having a bad reaction after only applying it . They do n't mention anything about side effects , yet , I 've found many stories on the internet of bad reactions . My 4 year old pug has n't been the same since I applied it . Shes not being herself , shes walking weird and she keeps scratching her back . I will never use this product again .
 On Sunday I put Advantix as directed between the shoulder blades of my 8 year old Chocolate Lab and Cairn Terrier . My Cairn had no reaction . My Lab did . The following day , she was lethargic , and I washed her , to try to remove the product from her skin . Tuesday morning she vomitted and would not move , she looked stoned and we took her to an animal hospital . They treated her for a reaction and her symptoms . Oxygen mask , I.V. , etc. . . By the end of the day she was having seizures and was moved to an overnight facility to be under watch . Her situation worsened and by mid-day on Wednesday she had passed away . I must note she was an indoor dog , not subject to chemicals , a healthy weight , great demeanor , and has not ever had medical problems . Within 72 hours she went from a lively , 8 year old lab , playing in the backyard with my son , to passing away . The only difference in her life was the K9 advantix .
 My dog almost died from using K9 Advantix . I used it on her in January & within 24 hours she started vomiting for 3 days straight . She was disoriented & could barely stand . Although I washed my hands after applying the product , I became nauseated after petting her & also vomited . Thinking it was a coincidence that we both were sick at the same time & not realizing the toxicity of K9 Advantix because those side effects are not listed on the package , I used it on her again last week -LRB- mid-March -RRB- and we both developed nausea again . This time my dog threw up for 4 days with blood . Because the exact same thing happened within 24 hours of using this product on 2 separate occasions , I was able to make the connection . Then I searched the internet & found hundreds of dog owners complaining of the same problem . Bayer needs to remove this product from the market !!!!!! Shame on them .
 I used K9 Advantix because I was bringing my dog with me on vacation into tick-infested woods . I used three-quarters of the 20 lb . dose on my 13 lb . poodle . Approx . 12 hours after application , she began to have terrible neurological symptoms , running in circles and crying , jerking and jumping . Her nose became very hot and her breathing became rapid and shallow . We were up all night . By the time I got instructions over the telephone to wash it off with liquid dish detergent , it had been 24 hours . She survived , but the cartilage in her throat has been damaged and her bark is permanently changed . If you are using this product for the first time , PLEASE use only half the recommended dose and standby with the liquid dish detergent . If your dog can stand it , you can apply the rest two days later . The only antidote for permethrin poisoning is to wash it off with liquid dish detergent within the first 24 hours ! Many dogs have been injured , and deaths have been attributed to K9 Advantix . If you feel you must use it , first read the horror stories on the internet . Bayer Animal Health should have included on the box instructions on how to wash it off with detergent if there was an adverse reaction .
 Used K9 Advantix believing it to be top of the line . After one dose , my dog became extremely hyper - kept running in circles . He 'd stare blankly and started crying . He started to vomit , bright red blood was coming from his rectum . He was bouncing off walls , running into objects , moaning strangely , and got very paranoid . He had a very difficult time breathing , rising body temperature and , lastly , lost the use of his hind legs as he was dragging them behind him in total panic . All of these symptoms manifest within 4 hours . We called our vet who wanted to see him immediately . They were prepared with IV meds , took blood tests , ordered x-rays and used scanning equipment because they HAD treated this before . Outcome was not promising . After two days in the hospital , we brought our baby home . What was the cause ? Bayer 's K9 Advantix - the medication with the highest concentrate of Permethrin . Our dog had succumb to Permethrin Poisoning . More common than you know . I 've run the gamut of every agency I knew , filed reports and complaints , but this appears to be a very hush-hush deal . I asked my vet , who has treated other dogs with similar reactions to Permethrin in K9 Advantix , exactly what he has seen for symptoms and outcomes . He replied everything from organ failure to permanent paralysis to death . My vet 's office does not recommend K9 Advantix to any pet owner as they 've seen , first hand , the pain and suffering a dose of K9 Advantix can have on a pet . Do n't kid yourself , you can use K9 Advantix for a year with absolutely no side effects , but it takes just one time for your pet to react adversely and have to go through what we did . Permethrin is a very potent poison used to kill hearty weeds . Bottom line , Bayer produces a `` medication '' that contains high levels of a toxic poison . Does anyone see how `` sick '' this situation is ???? There is an on-line blog called -LSB- ... -RSB- where you can read through 15 pages of actual testimonials from pet owners who have had to deal with the complications caused by Bayer 's K9 Advantix . I pray you do n't ever experience what our family did , nor any of the families who have lost their precious pets to K9 Advantix - God Bless you All !
 Tried this product on recommendation from my vet ... my dog a cockapoo-wheaton mix 30lbs , had a severe neuro reaction !!!! Similar to a seizure , disorientated , unable to ambulate , within 12 hours of application
 I used this product about 10 days ago for the first time . We had moved to a new place that turned out to have a bad flea problem . I pulled out my frontline to no avail . Tried going natural with house and dogs with chemicals in yard , no luck . De sprays powder etc. some luck but not enough . Then Advantix well within 2 days one dog had bloody loose stools and vomiting . Vet treated her with thought nothing related to this . I thought maybe with the amount of chemicals we ended up with in the yard we had poisoned her . The vet assured us no . She is now better and back on regular food . But our other dog had irritated skin the first night and was scratching a lot ; we first thought maybe fleas and he irritated it by scratching so much . The next night the spot looked larger , so we decided with as bad as it bothered him we would not use this again next month . A couple of days later I took off his collar to see how it was as I noticed he was scratching it like crazy again and I was horrified . There was a huge scab and infection in his skin . Now I have learned this was a chemical type burn . After searching the internet I have found case after case of this and some much worse with more effects than just skin neurological effects . But have read of 2 other cases of dogs with bloody stools and vomit so now I am wondering if our girl 's problem was advantix also . Use this with great caution and if other options are available why even take the chance ? It did help with the fleas but at 2 great a cost . Next month we will choose something different , and glad I have that chance .
 My dog had a reaction to this product . Bayer does not put enough information about possible reactions on their website or on the box so do research before you use this and make sure you pay attention to your animal after application to make sure they are not having a reaction .
 I have a Shiba Inu and previously I had been using Frontline with no problems . I put the K9 Advantix on him on a tuesday and when I came home from class thursday he was freaking out hiding in my closet -LRB- he has never been in my closet before -RRB- . He was panting heavily and did n't want me to touch him whatsoever . Anytime I made him get out of the closet I noticed he kept trying to bite something on his back . . I 'd imagine this was his skin becoming very irritated . I had no idea what was wrong with him until I realized the only thing I changed was his flea medication . The effects wore off by the 3rd day , but I was afraid for his life . I tried calling the number on the box . . I left my name and number , but no one returned my call . I will never use anything by them again .
 For the second summer in a row , we have a tick infestation while my dog is on K9 Advantix . These big fat nasty ticks are everywhere and completely gross ! It works well for fleas as I have n't seen a flea in ages , but this tick problem is just horrible . And I 've even been dosing him every 3 weeks rather than 4 . Guess I 'll switch to Frontline Plus and see how that goes , but no more K9 Advantix for us .
 Within 10 minutes of applying to my dog -LRB- 12 pounds -RRB- , she started running around in circles to point of exhaustion , including scratching of the back and heavy breathing . After lifting her and putting my palm on her chest , I can tell her breathing was elevated and her body temperature was high . I immediately washed her and used regular dog shampoo and used lots of water to remove the products . Thereafter , she was fine . Never , never again to use this product .
 I tried K9 Advantix for the first time this spring . I still found fresh ticks biting my dog after one week . This never happened with Frontline . I will go back to Frontline , it always worked .
 We 've been using Advantix for a long time and it works great BUT recently we had an emergency with our small dog.I came home to find her eyes swollen shut . We 'd done nothing out of the ordinary except apply her latest dose of Advantix the night before . We thought perhaps she had rubbed some on her bed and then gotten it in her eyes . While my wife ran the dog to the vet , I called the emergency help number for Advantix to see what they recommend should this be the case . After describing the situation to the Advantix representative , he told me in a most condesending tone that it sounded like `` an interesting theory '' . After repeating that I was just interested in finding out what we should just in case , he again refused to give me any sort of advice and instead implied I was lying . He sarcastically informed me that `` it 's not like there 's an antidote '' . Eventually I just hung up.I 'm not sure why there is an emergency help number listed if Advantix is not planning on giving any help , but for all the other pet owners out there -- do n't bother calling and do n't bother buying !
 -LRB- Purchased from amazon seller FleaZapper -RRB- i received this in a little plastic baggy . no box . I contacted seller about it and they were very nasty . they told me I should learn to read but nowhere on the ad did i see that i didnt come with a box . . anyway they swore that it was genuine and not expired so against my better judgement i used it on my 4 dogs . well it did not work at all . i was better of putting water on them . no effect on fleas at all . this is garbage and a total rip off . . BUYER BEWARE !!!!!! FAKE !!!!!!
 Used this product for last two months . Put on application a week ago . Noticed the dog scratching , when I looked at her belly she was covered in fleas .
 I used this product on my dog for a few months and he had a few fleas , but not a major problem . Then I decided to save money and not buy it for a couple months during the winter . The next spring I purchased 6 months supply . It did not work , not even a little . It even led to a major infestation in my house . I have never had that occur with any product before . I bought this product based on the reviews so I do n't understand why it would work on one dog , and not at all on another . It ended up being a very expensive mistake .
 Product came with applicator bottles and instructions only . When I have ordered from other places in the past , they come in an original box with the applicator bottles sealed in foil and plastic , so you know that they have not been tampered with . I am very unsatisfied and unsure about using them on my dogs .
 I recieved the older version of K9 Advantix , not the newer version listed on the posting . The one I recieved does not work at all . My dog keeps scratching and we still find fleas on him . Would not recommend product at all .
 I have two cocker spaniels and a bichon frise . I used this product on them 7 April . It did not bother my two spaniels , but my bichon started going crazy . He would race through the house , run in circles , try to bite the spot on his back , right above his tail ; or he would just sit and whimper . I called the 800 number on the box and was told that the dog is feeling tingling similar to when our foot falls asleep -LRB- I wonder how they know this ? -RRB- , to not bathe him yet , and that it would subside in 24-72 hours . Five days later , he was still in a lot of discomfort . My vet said it was too late to bathe him at that point , and I had to take him in to get a steroid shot , and five weeks worth of prednisolone pills for him to take . Even though it has not bothered my spaniels , I will not use this again . My vet said that K9 Advantix has different and stronger stuff in it than others that are similar to it , and they will not carry it at their office .
 Our five pound Yorkie had a very bad reaction , shortly after the application . He showed loss of appetite , and very erratic behavior . I finally tried to partially wash the treatment off , about six hours after the application . I am about to call the vet and inquire about how to proceed . Needless to say , I will never again use this product .
 I applied this medicine to my lab mix dog and it was terrible . Within an hour she was panting very heavily . Then the next day we noticed that he back was so sensitive that she would n't even let us pet her . We washed her and tried to get as much of it off as possible but so far she is still too sensitive to pet . Please be careful when buying this product . After this happened to my dog I 've been doing some research and bad reactions to this product are common .
 I used K9 Advantix because I was bringing my dog with me on vacation into tick-infested woods . I used three-quarters of the 20 lb . dose on my 13 lb . poodle . Approx . 12 hours after application , she began to have terrible neurological symptoms , running around and crying , jerking and jumping . Her nose became very hot and her breathing became rapid and shallow . We were up all night . By the time I got instructions over the telephone to wash it off with liquid dish detergent , it had been 24 hours . She survived , but the cartilage in her throat has been damaged and her bark is permanently changed . If you are using this product for the first time , PLEASE use only half the recommended dose and standby with the liquid dish detergent . If your dog can stand it , you can apply the rest two days later . The only antidote for permethrin poisoning is to wash it off with liquid dish detergent within the first 24 hours ! Many dogs have been injured , and deaths have been attributed to K9 Advantix . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I purchased this product -LRB- K9 Advantix 21-55 lbs . -RRB- on the advice of my vet . Since it was vet recommended I did n't take the time to read reviews . That mistake led to many days of suffering for my dog ... horrible itching , panting , erratic & frantic behavior , biting himself & us , hives on his legs & irregular breathing -LRB- in the short periods of time he was able to sleep -RRB- . MY COMPLAINT IS WITH THE MANUFACTURER OF THIS PRODUCT for not listing the potential side effects . Although , stupidly on my part , the `` HAZARDOUS TO DOMESTIC ANIMALS '' warning on a product I was about to use on my DOG should have clued me in . We 'll take our chances with the fleas .
 My vet refuses to carry this product as the pyrethrin aka permethrin is highly toxic to most mammals -LRB- dogs , cats , humans ... -RRB- . It should not be used on any dog that comes in contact with cats at all . Cats will react more quickly to the product as they do n't metabolize the toxins as quickly as humans and dogs . You should know that your pet does not need to lick th product to become poisoned . The chemical is absorbed into the skin , readily . Imagine giving your dog enough toxin to kill fleas a month after application . Is n't that over-kill ? There are less-toxic alternatives , but I 'm not sure that any of the big-name brands are actually safe . If the instructions require you to wash your hands after applying them - why is it Ok to leave it on your pet 's skin and wo n't you be petting your pet ? -LRB- Read the last paragraph for natural flea-prevention tips -RRB- Permetrhins are toxic . However , given to a dog in small doses , you may not notice effects for many months or years . Even if you do n't witness any issues your dog may be having headaches and other neurologic symptoms . A dog that has seemed fine with this product for years may suddenly hit a threshold level that causes severe and noticeable neurologic problems . Death from pyrethrins is a lot more common than many vets think . Bayer will likely always deny that their product killed any pet . The owners often believe the company . This is why so many of the deaths -LRB- and near-deaths -RRB- are unreported -LRB- they are `` reported '' but not recorded -RRB- . The best we can do is make sure reports are kept track of and if the proper authorities are not looking out for us , we need to look our for ourselves.My pets do n't require flea-preventives because they are on a raw diet . The flea-repelling quality of raw-fed pets does not occur overnight , so do n't expect your fleas to disappear if you switch your pet 's diet . It took me months to get my pets naturally flea free . There are all natural flea remedies out there such as Diatomaceous EarthConcern 97064 Diatomaceous Earth Crawling Insect Killer 4 Pound Bagand `` Natural Defense `` Sentry Natural Defense Flea & Tick Squeeze-On for Dogs & Puppies over 40 lbs -LRB- 6 month dose - 4.5 mL applicators -RRB- Please try these before loading your pet and home with toxins . For your carpet and home you can use a simple Boric Acid powder -LRB- Such as Borax - which is cheap and easy to find -RRB- . Just use as directed to kill all fleas , roaches , ants and other bugs that lurk in and around your home . Be sure to vacuum the Boric Acid up very well as it can be toxic if there is a long enough exposure to it.Good luck folks !
 I normally purchase this product from my vet and have always been extremely satisfied with the product . With tick season approaching I ordered this product online to save myself the 45 minute drive to my vet . I applied the product to my 2 small maltese dogs who are house dogs and only outside for a short period of time . Even after I applied this product my dogs still came in the house with ticks - attached to them . I have never had this happen before . I called Absolutely Pets to explain this . The first call I was told I have to call Bayer because this was a Bayer product . The Bayer customer rep. told me they do not supply to Amazon or sellers through Amazon . Bayer also told me the do n't even sell this product anymore - they only sell Advantix 2 . I called back April at Absolutely Pets and she told me a manager would call right back . After several hours and no call back I called Absolutely Pets again . Again , I was told a manager will call me back . I waited several more hours and then called again only to hear a recording to leave a message . I left a message with my phone number requesting a call back . The next day I still did not receive a phone call . I called again and was told by April I would be receiving a partial refund . April also told me they do not sell this product any longer and I received the last one . A short time later I received an email from someone else that said sorry for the confusion but you will not be receiving a partial refund after all . I feel this business has very poor customer service . No one EVER returned any of my phone calls . I was told several times a manager would call me back . No manager ever got on the phone or called back . I felt like I was given the run around .
 My 2 tear old dog is in the 24/7 emergency hospital for the past 2 weeks with anemia and an autoimmune problem ... only thing that was different was that we applied k9 advantix . Her red blood cell count dropped to as low as 8 -LRB- normal range is 35 - 50 -RRB- and she has had 2 blood transfusions . there is another dog in the same hospital with the same thing and in talking with the owner the only thing that was differnt was a flea treatment . Please be careful with these chenicals as they are dangerous . Thousands of dollars later her blood count is slowly rising ... . but she is on 2 steroids and 3 stomach meds as steroids are very bad on the stomach ... Do not use K9 advantix ... if you do and you see any adverse reaction give the dog a bath immediately , Donot use k9 advantix Buy A flea comb ... any chemical applied to your pet can cause side effects ... Ths time it could be deadly ... Still praying that she keeps improving and does n't relapse.I will be contacting BAyer and the EPA in regards to this ...
 have used both frontline and advantix use advantix now . just pulled a giant tic off my dogs head leaving a huge sore . will have to take to vet tommorrow . will send the rest of my advantix back to maufacture with a letter telling them where to put it . does not stop tics from biting . dog gets walked at park not deep woods will buy frontline from now on .
 My Shih tzu almost died after using this product . Before you put this on your pet do some research . You will find that many many dogs have had serious allergic side effects from this product and many have died . We still do not know if my Shih tzu is going to live or not . PLEASE DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE YOU BUY THIS PRODUCT
 This product gave my dog 2nd degree chemical burns . Nothing on the label about possible side affects . Very little help from the 800 number . I just got the standard `` do n't use it again '' answer . I wish that i could post a photo of what this product did to my do . DO NOT DO THIS TO YOUR DOG . Will stay away from any Bayer products in the future .
 As a Pug rescue , I treated 14 Pugs with Advantix , with one possible bad reaction . It was a 13-year old female , diabetic . The night she was treated , she began panting uncontrollably and was shrieking intermittently , unable to rest . The next morning I took her to my vet , who said her blood glucose level was through the roof -LRB- 620 ! -RRB- , but could find nothing wrong with the other bloodwork.There were dead and dying fleas everywhere , I will say , the product does its job ... but at what cost to the animal ?? The other dogs wanted to eat grass , so I imagine they did n't feel all that great from the treatment.I did bathe the affected Pug in human shampoo , and she slept well the following night . She probably has residual Advantix in her bloodstream , though.I am very leery of Advantix now , especially from reading similiar reactions of other owners . My vet stopped selling it a long time ago , for just that reason
 Have used this on my two labs . One -LRB- 90lb -RRB- is okay with it , the other -LRB- 60lb -RRB- paces around and pants and seems to be very upset and acts strangely for the rest of the day . I am not going to use it anymore ... even on my other dog .
 I have a Bichon Frise and after 24 hours of applying the treatment , he developed an uncontrollable and unstoppable scratching frenzy . After one more day of watching the poor fellow suffer to the brink of insanity -LRB- he was starting to cry with frustration -RRB- , I realized that matters were definitely not improving - as recommended by a veterinary website , I bathed him using dish detergent which stripped the medication from his skin . Thankfully , his scratching frenzy subsided quite soon after . Amazon were great , by the way , and gave me a full refund on the product after sending it back to them . It 's not usually their policy to refund on a product , but I guess they have had a lot of complaints!I then decided to buy him a flea collar instead which has been very effective with no reactions and is MUCH cheaper -LRB- it costs $ 5 and last 6 months ! -RRB- . In conclusion , I would recommend trying a flea collar FIRST before going to the hassle and expense of Advantix .
 i used both of this products this way and neither one worded will buy the oniginal for now on just a waste of money
 Do n't and I repeat DO N'T waste your money it does n't work on fleas and it does n't work on ticks ! I visited a friend in Tenn. who lives in the country last fall when I returned to Orlando I gave my Cocker Spaniel a bath and a haircut and was amazed that she had over 100 ticks , when I called the manufacture and told them about it the customer service lady acted like that was no big deal . Well it sure was to me . This crap is expensive , I even went to the size above her weight for the extra protection.It 's supposed to repel as well as kill and from my experience it does n't do either so save your money . I would have given it NO stars but you ca n't ! PS I did not buy this from Amazon , Amazon is great ! I bought from big box P-S . By the way P-S removed my review !
 When I received the product it was n't the one I purchased . It was just Advantix , not K9 Advantix !
 We 've been using Advantix for a long time and it works great BUT recently we had an emergency with our small dog.I came home to find her eyes swollen shut . We 'd done nothing out of the ordinary except apply her latest dose of Advantix the night before . We thought perhaps she had rubbed some on her bed and then gotten it in her eyes . While my wife ran the dog to the vet , I called the emergency help number for Advantix to see what they recommend should this be the case . After describing the situation to the Advantix representative , he told me in a most condesending tone that it sounded like `` an interesting theory '' . After repeating that I was just interested in finding out what we should just in case , he again refused to give me any sort of advice and instead implied I was lying . He sarcastically informed me that `` it 's not like there 's an antidote '' . Eventually I just hung up.I 'm not sure why there is an emergency help number listed if Advantix is not planning on giving any help , but for all the other pet owners out there -- do n't bother calling and do n't bother buying !
 We 've been using Advantix for a long time and it works great BUT recently we had an emergency with our small dog.I came home to find her eyes swollen shut . We 'd done nothing out of the ordinary except apply her latest dose of Advantix the night before . We thought perhaps she had rubbed some on her bed and then gotten it in her eyes . While my wife ran the dog to the vet , I called the emergency help number for Advantix to see what they recommend should this be the case . After describing the situation to the Advantix representative , he told me in a most condesending tone that it sounded like `` an interesting theory '' . After repeating that I was just interested in finding out what we should just in case , he again refused to give me any sort of advice and instead implied I was lying . He sarcastically informed me that `` it 's not like there 's an antidote '' . Eventually I just hung up.I 'm not sure why there is an emergency help number listed if Advantix is not planning on giving any help , but for all the other pet owners out there -- do n't bother calling and do n't bother buying !
 After various flea-killers failed to do their job on my Big Girl , I thought maybe they were counterfeit so , trusting Amazon , I bought this . After applying 2 weeks ago I 'm still brushing out live fleas . maybe they 've developed an immunity -- this stuff used to work but now does about 75 % . Anybody out there got a sure thing that kills the fleas but not the dog ? -LRB- nothing Chinese , please !! -RRB-
 After overpaying for this at the vet I decided to try to save some money buying this online . After receiving it I found the packaging different than the one we have been purchasing . The vials of liquid were not marked and were very different from what I was used to . We reluctantly applied it and had no issues , but I would be hesitant to order this product online again . I have gone back to buying from my vet or local pet store .
 My review is not for the product , but for the seller - BUYER BEWARE!The product PHOTO shown above is for Bayer K9 Advantix II . The photo you 'll see when you add this product to your cart is for K9 Advantix II . What you 'll actually receive from the shipper is K9 Advantix , which Bayer stopped manufacturing in March of 2011 . I contacted the seller , asking about the discrepancy and was told `` The photo is NOT of K9 Advantix II , it is just the new packaging they have for the regular K9 Advantix '' , prompting me to contact Bayer directly , describing the packaging I received . Bayer actually stopped manufacturing K9 Advantix in March of 2011 and went to K9 Advantix II -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . The difference is the newer product kills flea EGGS , while the original product does not . While I read the description of the product , the photo itself is PURPOSELY misleading and it was until I received the shipment and checked my purchase history , that the photo of the old product appeared.Since my concern is ticks , not fleas , and as there is no expiration date on the product , I will use it rather than go thru the hassle of returning and repurchasing . Bayer did say there was no harm in using it also . I simply feel the seller here is mis-leadng an their fOllow-up email proves it , as they are trying to claim new product packaging ... I 'll continue to purchase this product online - just NOT FROM THIS SELLER .
 I have 3 rescues that I am , to say the least , obsessed about . Switched to this from frontline after finding a few fleas on my pups not realizing that that is normal i.e. fleas have to feed to be killed . Anyhow after my first application of this my one pet chi started having a pesticide-like -LRB- cholinergic -RRB- reaction with panting , anxiety , pacing , drooling , whining and diarrhea . I was freaking out b/c I thought he was going to have a seizure -LRB- that comes next -RRB- . I started reading online and there are literally forums criticizing this as unsafe i.e. the flea repellant properties work great but NUMEROUS pets have had these SEVERE reactions which are nothing to joke about or take lightly . I have nothing against Bayer and respect their other products but this one , like HARTZ products , should be banned . My solution FYI - I hesitated trying an oral regimen -LRB- why would I want my dogs to consume a pesticide -RRB- but I trust my vet so I reluctantly tried them on Trifexis -LRB- Spinosid is main ingredient -RRB- and all of them tolerate it absolutely side effect free and have seen ZERO fleas after 5 months . It may not be your dogs solution but I would be super cautious proceeding with the use of this product .
 It will kill your cats and dogs if given in too high of an amount , which is easy to do with the amount in a single tube . The same chemical used in it to kill ticks was used in an earlier flea control product and was deemed unsafe by vets . Somehow the Bayer company repackaged essentially the same products but got vets to accept it . This product should NOT be sold over the counter and ONLY vets should apply it in control and monitored circumstances . I fear this is an example of corporate profit being but ahead of public health .
 I WAS NOT HAPPY WITH THIS ITEM I HAVE USED FOR A LONG TIME.I FELT IS WAS OLD PRODUCT.AMAZON PUT ME IN TOUCH WITH THE MANUFACTURER AND THEY SENT ME A NEWER TYPE OF THIS PRODUCT , K9 ADVANTIX II AND ALL IS WELL.THANK YOU AMAZON
 I will never use this product again . After using this product my dog started panting and could not be still . He also had diarrhea so bad that I had to take him to the vet twice . The vet had to put him on 3 different meds 3 times a day for a couple weeks . I will only use natural products in the future . This is my baby !
 I would n't put Advantix on my dog again if you paid me . READ ALL THE SEIZURE and DEATH REPORTS OUT THERE ! I put one dose on my schnauzer and he ended up in the hospital for 5 days . Two minutes after I applied it , he was running around acting irritated . I immediately threw him in the tub and washed it off with Dawn dishwashing liquid . By the time I got done washing it off , both his ears had swollen with giant hematomas and he was acting disoriented . Rushed him to the Vet and they had to pump him full of charcoal to clear the toxin out of his system and he was very , very sick . There are so many reports of animal seizures and deaths due to Advantix , Advantage , and the cheap brands that the FDA held a special session on the injury reports . Bayer even reimburses people 's vet bills when the product KILLS their animals . Big pharmacutical companies are not gon na let the FDA remove the products , so be smart and do n't poison your pets . Frontline and Revolution are about the only 2 that do n't seem to have many injury reports .
 I understand that all dogs react differently to different medications , but a few hours after I gave my dog his first dose he began to act differently . Instead of being the friendly , playful dog he usually is , he only wanted to be alone and secluded himself . After another few hours and by the end of the day he would not walk as if it hurt him to walk . He chewed and scratched all day where the medication had been applied as well as his paws . It scared me badly but after some research I realized it was an allergic reaction , I 'm glad it was nothing more serious because it was a saturday night and the next day was a sunday and almost all the pet clinics were closed except for some far away . Within a couple of days and after a bit of benadryl he was fine and I 'm very grateful , but we can no longer use this product and my money has gone to waste .
 I have a 15 lb Bichon frise / poodle mix . I tried this medication on her this morning . About 1 hour after application she started scratching the application area and whimpering . She began to run around frantically while whimpering and crying . I immediately washed the infected area with Dawn dishwashing soap . I then took her to the vet . He told me my dog had an allergic reaction to the Advantix . He said she wo n't die from it as it takes a dosage 10x than what I gave her to do that . He told me to wash the whole body with Dawn and gave her a shot for pain and one for itching . He gave me some meds to give her while at home . I feel soooo bad , she is still scratching and whimpering . He said that dogs with white fur have sensitive skin . It 's best to give them an oral medication like Comfortis instead of topical ones .
 Almost took my Husky to the vet after using this product.Within an hour of giving this to my dog he was acting very strange . He was almost paralyzed in his hindquarters , he could n't walk more than a few feet without hitting the ground and then would frantically start biting at his rear end . He would n't come to me when I called him and would just go lay down with a scared look on his face . I felt so bad for him and felt even more upset with myself for not reading more into it . I will NEVER use this product again.Read other reviews , it 's not bogus . This product has very adverse side effects for some animals and I would recommend avoiding it all together if you care about your pet . It 's simply not worth the risk .
 We purchased this because our puppy learned to jump our fence . The first one did n't work , but Amazon quickly sent us another one . This did not work for us at all because the dog did n't mind being sprayed and we could never get the settings right - either gave her too much room much int he yard -LRB- did n't spray til after she was over the fence -RRB- or not enough .
 I was very unhappy to see that half of the cans in the package were not the brand that I ordered but Instead were unnamed cans that just read `` 96 % beef '' . I 've ordered this product before and it was fine , but this time was very disappointing .
 I bought this thinking it would be a huge step above the seaweed you can buy in the grocery store Asian section . It is n't . However , it is infused with garlic . Next time , I 'll go with the much cheaper grocery store kind .
 First of all , we waited for awhile for this item to ship . Once we finally received it and opened the package , we were very disappointed . The plastic is rough with extremely sharp edges . We can not use it for our fish aquarium at all for risk of injury . The item comes in several pieces and reminds me more of a cheap dollar store child 's toy . Definitely not worth the 26 dollar price we paid , or the time we wasted waiting for it . We are now waiting for the seller to accept our request to have it returned .
 I ordered this because it was I need one ASAP and didnt think it was necessary to pay $ 20 for one of these silly things . I got it to work on my 1/8 inch thick glass lid but its not made for that thickness . It has two rows of &#34; ribs &#34; running through it which make it impossible to squeeze it on 1/8 inch glass . I didnt have time to return it so I sliced the ribs out with a razor blade and got it to fit snuggly on the glass that way . Its for a smaller thickness of glass .
 Be careful when trying to install these . These were so hard to install that I almost broke the glass . But when I got them on they work fine . Just a little to tight for 1/8 inch glass . Maybe go up to the 3/16 inch one for 1/8 inch glass might fit a little better .
 I had no problems with this feeder for a while -LRB- except for 2 of the circular pieces where the birds feed , fell out -RRB- , then recently , I have had 2 dead birds trapped at the feeder within a week of each other . Two different species of bird - this feeder should be recalled - the birds heads get stuck inside and then the birds die !!!!!!!!!!
 The `` keyhole '' shaped feeding ports on this poorly designed feeder allow a bird 's head to become stuck in the narrow channel . Birds are unable to extricate themselves and can die struggling to free themselves . If the bird is `` lucky '' enough to be discovered by a human , the feeder is extremely difficult to dismantle -LRB- which is necessary to free the bird -RRB- .
 Cute birdfeeder , but the solar lights stopped working after about a year . When they did work they were very weak as many solar lights are . Great idea but not a quality product .
 Bought two of these for gifts , both were rusted and fell apart within a year . Bad materials and faulty design . Its a shame because both liked it very much until it fell apart .
 I gave the Jolly Ball to my Golden Doodle -LRB- 35 pound dog -RRB- and within 15 minutes he chewed off the handle . I was not a happy camper .
 I gave it two stars because she had a lot of fun removing it , and she is still playing with the partially deflated ball left . My dog is a 90 pound lab / pitt mix .
 Ball was destroyed within minutes of first use . Was much happier with other products from the same company , but this one did not seem to quite hold up .
 After meeting a German Shepherd with her Jolly Ball in the park , I thought `` I have to get one for my puppy ! '' The ball I saw was red and seemed to be made of super thick , tough rubber.Unfortunately what I received for my puppy for her Christmas Birthday gift was a Jolly Ball made of plastic . Scratched up , cheap plastic.The handle is hollow and was chewed off in a matter of minutes rendering the ball almost useless as it 's hard to pick up and throw long distance without the handle.I would not recommend if your dog is a moderate to strong chewer .
 We have an Australian Cattle Dog -LRB- 1-year old -RRB- , and he just looks at this thing . We throw it in the yard , and he 'll run after it , but does n't like to carry it.Our little girl seems to find more uses for it than our dog , and seems to enjoy spinning it , as well as pretending that it 's a bouncy ball -LRB- it is n't bouncy -RRB- . She sits down on it , holds the handle , and pretends to bounce around the living room on it . Not what I wanted to see from this toy ...
 My 50 pound heeler - aka Australian Cattle Dog - had the handle ripped off at the base within 4 minutes flat of taking this ball out of the package . Yes , she is rough on toys , but really - 4 minutes ? I 'd tried the smaller one before , and it suffered the same fate . I 'd hoped the larger one would be tougher - it 's for a horse!If you have a rough player , do n't waste your money on these . The toys that have survived for us are Busy Buddy , Kong , Jolly Pet , and Hollee Roller .
 I purchased this for my GSD pup.It lasted about a week before he punctured the handle , and subsequently tore the handle off , I took it away , threw it in the garbage.If your dog loves to chew , I would not recommend this toy , it was not durable for my boy .
 Neither I nor my horse are sure what to do with it , but it is fun to kick around the field .
 This is the second jolly ball I have ordered from Amazon , I thought it would be same as previous , but this ball is soft rubber , not hard rubber like previous one . My boxer destroyed in minutes , we still have the first one , only issue he chewed off some of the handle . New ball is in trash , back to older one .
 We have a GS and he chewed through the rubber in two days . It is not a really tough plastic for larger , strong jaw dogs .
 Less than 5 minutes after giving this to my 10 month old lab he had chewed through the handle . After reading more this is made for a horse !! LOL Do not buy for a dog because it will not last !!!!
 The ball has a strong odor , and it is n't peppermint . It is kinda stinky . Our English Mastiff loves large balls to kick around our yard , and she loves the Jolly Balls , but they only last 2-3 days -LRB- we 've gone thru 3 now -RRB- before they are chewed in half . Our Dutch warmblood does n't like them and his sits in the corner of his stall . If they were studier , it would be better .
 My 6 month old vizsla is not a big time toy ruiner , but boy did he ruin this one fast ... started eating the handle immediately . I would n't get this for any dog that chews at all . Also got the one w/o the handle and he started knowing on that ... very strang because he 's pretty mellow on toys in general .
 This did not roll and my dog immediately chewed the handle off . This was a big waste of money for me ,
 Two minutes out of the box and my twenty pound dog had destroyed this ball . He was delighted but I was not !
 this jolly ball can not be used for a dog it lasted about 5 minutes with mine . i have seen others advertings them to be used with dogs but this one is not one that can be . it was to easy for him to bite threw ive had basketballs hes played with that hes not been able to bite threw . this ball goes flat to easy making a flat surface that is easy to chew holes in . so if considering this for a dog id pass this one by .
 Bought this for my 120 lb 8 month old mastiff . It 's great if your going to use it for fetch then put it away , but I bought it as a chew toy because it was supposedly indestructible . My dog had the handle torn apart in half an hour
 I bought this toy for my dogs , one of which is 115 lbs . I did buy the one rated for XL dogs , but within 10 minutes my one dog got his teeth stuck in the plastic and could n't drop the toy without my assistance . A couple minutes later , my other dog got her jaw stuck in the handle -LRB- which by her cries , sounds painful -RRB- , and again needed my assistance . The plastic is not puncture resistant for strong dogs . I 've thrown mine in the garbage .
 I have a Heller X who can chew through anything . I order a 10 '' JollyBall in January and it became his favorite toy to fetch . It lasted three months before I thought it was time to get him a new one . The second one I ordered was much thinner than the first . He has destroyed it in three weeks . I may get him another but will buy local so I can feel the thickness before purchase .
 Guess I should have known not to order 36 ' light bulbs on line and expected to recieve theme in one piece , I know better now ! No prob , Still Love Ya Amazon !!!
 I have used the competitor 's hinge material for years with very few problems . This hinge is obviously made of a different material . After only a few weeks , the heat from my power compact light distorted the plastic so badly it would no longer stay on the glass . I have never had that problem with my previous hinges and have changed nothing with my setup .
 This item is actually only 35 inches wide when received , so if you need 35 inches or less , this will do you . If not , you 're out of luck like I was .
 the material is super flimsy and it did n't support the glass for the top of my aquarium . . how is this even possible .
 I bought a bag of this very expensive food and it was a total waste of money . My 6 birds hated it . They scooped it out of their dishes and threw it on the floor . I ended up buying something else for my birds and feeding this to the wild birds , even they did n't seem too crazy about it .
 I bought this box thinking it would help with the ease of cleaning it out but i was mistaken . Like others have said , the litter clumps on the grate and i still have to scoop -LRB- scrape -RRB- clumps off the sides and bottom of the box . I did not have a problem putting it together , nor did i have a problem with litter leaking all out . The space inside is very small for a cat and my cat 's body practically hangs entirely out of the box when he uses it . The kitten does n't have trouble but he is still very small . I have to empty it at least twice a day and it smells .
 I bought this thinking it would be a good alternative to the mechanical boxes , but not so . I have n't had the litter leakage that others here have , but when the cats pee on the grate with clumping litter inside , the litter is stuck and clumped on the wrong side , and you have to take the thing apart to get it all out . I too now simply clean the box out with a scoop like a regular litter box . I will be throwing this box out when I move next .
 I ended up with three of these litterboxes ... from other people who hated them as well . Here 's the thing
 I tried this product , and after a couple months of use , I noticed something pretty disturbing about it , that caused me to immediately find another solution.You clean the litter box by rolling it over and then back again . This means litter and the cat 's waste is literally flowing over the insides of the enclosure , where it will eventually collect and build up . With the position of the grate and the generally cramped quarters in which the cat is expected to enter , do his business and turn around to exit , it should be pretty obvious what 's going to end up happening . It apparently was n't very obvious to the folks who designed this product.One day I noticed my cat -LRB- not even a particularly long-haired cat -RRB- exiting the box with bits of dirty litter on his fur , probably deposited when he inadvertently rubbed against the grate or some other part of the inside of the box while turning around . Pretty disgusting when you think about picking your cat up , playing with him or having him sit on your lap .
 First of all , it was difficult -LRB- really , impossible -RRB- to put it together in a way that litter would n't leak out whenever the box was rolled to clean it ; the parts fit very poorly . Secondly , if your cat uses scoopable litter now , you know that sometimes the liquid penetrates to the bottom of the box so instead of having a discrete clump , you have a clump stuck to the box . The Omega Paw does not deal with these at all , so you still end up scraping and scooping , albeit less often than with a regular box . Thirdly , this box is big , so big that it was a problem to give it enough space so that it could be rolled over to clean . Because of this , it was also bulky and awkward to wash . I used it for awhile , did n't hate it , but disliked it enough to get rid of it when I moved .
 This was one of the worst purchases I 've ever made . The problem that I had with mine is the litter pouring out all over the place . Everytime I went to flip the thing over , the litter came out of the cracks . Everytime that I went to take out the little drawer that is supposed to hold the waste , more litter came out . I ended up using it just as a regular litter box . It was a complete disaster if I tried to use it otherwise . Plus , the opening of the litter box is so low , that everytime the cat goes in and out , even more litter comes out of it . I 'm getting ready to throw it in the garbage once and for all , but I must admit I 've never had any satisfaction from it .
 The litter box does not work as advertized . It says to roll it over and the clumped litter will fall into the collection container . Well it does not go into the container . You have to scoop it out yourself which is very inconvenient . Would not recommend this product . It is no better than a regular litter box that you have to take the litter lumps out of .
 tube 's that where sent where designed for 29 gallon tank , thank god i had a course in basic plumbing , so i could cut them myself . rescieved two day 's late . think seller should a leas provide me w / gift card and trouble . gave seller my opion and no response think their more interested in the money .
 I ordered this and was very excited since I have been looking at this stroller on several other websites and have researched the quality etc. . It arrived today and it was all wrong . The colors and materials are not the same as a real Petzip . It is flimsy and of poor quality . The windows do not even unzip ! Obviously a cheap knockoff ! The packaging and a label on the stroller say `` BestPets '' . It is already packaged up to return . Very disappointed !
 I can no longer get this from my vet . It did not have a seal , and was watered down . It is a very thick liquid . I would not buy from this seller again . I was very dissappointed .
 This mat is cute looking , but that 's about it . My cat tracked litter onto it and then onto the carpet beyond , and I still always found myself vacuuming litter from her little area all the time . Also , if she ever misses the litter box and I have to clean this litter mat , the pee smell refuses to go away -LRB- even with bleach and vinegar ! -RRB- . I got the `` PetFusion SmartGrip Cat Litter Mat '' a few weeks ago , and it 's serving my needs far better than the Omega Paw version .
 If I had to do it over again I would try a different mat -LRB- something larger made of soft foam rather than hard plastic -RRB- Pros1 . reduces tracking somewhat2 . more attractive than other litter mats3 . does n't take up too much spaceCons1 . my cat does n't like it -- most of the time she races out of her domed box just to avoid stepping on it and ends up flinging litter and other stuff that really should stay in the box onto the carpet2 . it 's too small
 We love the Omega Paw litter boxes to death , but when we got our first two we ordered these so we could have cute little matching sets and looking back we really should have spent that money to get a third box.Our cats do n't like the paw cleaning side , they refused to walk on it . So we turned them over to at least collect some of the cat litter , but it still got everywhere so we ended up putting newspapers under the opening for each box and that keeps most of it off the floor . We leave the mats we have in place for cute value and because sometimes you can get away with just emptying those , but our new boxes are doing fine without them . The cats even seem to like to pee on the mat once in a while out of spite and then the cat litter melts and cements into the little groves . You might have better luck if you have less cats who are tidier and have less sensitive paws , but do n't buy more than one until you know for sure they can tolerate it .
 This is a cute-looking mat , shaped like a cat 's paw with a little cartoon kitty in the middle . Well , my cats hate it . They wo n't step on it and instead jump over it , as it 's not very big . So , it was no help at all in regards to litter scatter.Those plastic bumps on which the cats are supposed to wipe their feet are so hard , it must hurt their pads . Maybe this product would be better used as a `` scat mat '' to keep them off surfaces where they 're not allowed .
 I thought this mat would be good for catching the litter my cat flings out of the box but really it just ended up catching some of the litter and looking like an ugly eye-sore . It also hurts to walk on with bare feet . Having wood floors , I hate sweeping 3-4 times daily because my cats get a little too over zealous trying to cover up their waste in the litter box , so I thought I 'd give it a try . Helped some , but overall I 'd say not worth the money .
 Bad : We have tried just about everything to reduce litter tracking . The cats have rejected everything from rubber mats of all sorts to the prickly mats they sell at pet stores , to the ribbed style mats like this one . In 25 years , over the lives of eight cats , not one has cared for any of these.These sometimes cute litter catchers do nothing more than spread more litter around by forcing our cats to hurl themselves out of the litter box so as not to have to set one soft paw on them.Good : What has worked is the indoor/outdoor Enviroback rug mat that can be purchased inexpensively from Home Depot -LRB- sorry , Amazon - you do n't carry it -RRB- . The mat is made from recycled plastic but , unlike the prickly mats , the surface has a similar feel under their paws to sisal . It has a low profile and is easy to vacuum with either the bare floor tool or carpet brush mode.Better : No perfect solution yet , though I 'm not sure there is one , but I 'll take anything that helps so long as my cats do n't complain . Keeping a stick vac in the bathroom near the litter room goes a long way toward keeping up with stray litter .
 I 'm just not convinced these things work at all , and this one does n't increase my optimism . My cats still track litter well beyond the box . I agree with another reviewer , I do n't think cats like stepping on this hard plastic mat . I do n't like stepping on it , so why would they with their tiny feet ?! I bought it because it was a good size and reasonable price - not so reasonable if it does n't work . I wish I could find a foam one on Amazon to see if it does better . The bathroom rug captures more litter than this . Not recommended .
 It was way smaller than expected and my kittens hated stepping on it so they would jump over it , which defeated the purpose of having it in the first place .
 This product was smaller than I expected , and it seems as though more litter winds up on the floor than caught in the litter mat . Would n't recommend .
 My friend has this ... it just does n't work that well . I put an old `` rag rug '' in front of my kitties ' litter box and that does a way better job .
 Very disappointed , I loved the mat but it showed it in silver and I received tan . I would not have ordered it had I known it would be in tan . I wanted it in Silver . Did n't receive a full refund and was upset .
 this thing is the biggest waste of money i have ever seen .
 This mat is too small to really be effective . I ordered 2 of them knowing they were small but I still have cat litter everywhere . It does catch some of the litter but too small to catch it all . They were not too expensive but a waste of my money .
 This is a fairly useless product ... Way too small even for a small cat . It catches liter about as much as sticking a un-opened garbage bag in place of it does.It was only $ 10 so I suppose I do n't feel ripped off or anything but I am going to continue my search for a ` litter-mat ' that actually works and is large enough to do the job.Over all - if you feel like blowing $ 10 to see if this thing works go for it ... it does look a little more classy than using a un-opened garbage bag - but that is the only ` Pro ' to the two major ` Cons '
 This is too small and my cat would just jump over it rather than subject himself to stepping on hard plastic . A waste of money & too expensive to send back .
 I 'm new to cats . We have hard wood floors and the litter gets everywhere so i decided to buy one of these due to the rating . It 's cute but it really does not work well . At least not in the way that I expected . It seems to catch some litter , but by some , I mean a few pieces . I gave up and went to the hardware store . Bought a indoor outdoor carpet made of material that is threaded more like a door mat . I paid $ 10.00 for 3 ` x6 ' , more then enough . Cut it down a bit and its perfect . I found the cats need more than this Omega Litter Mat to get their paws clean .
 I ordered 2 of these maats , one for each litterbox . I was disappointed in how small they were . I returned them since the cats would just really walk around them . If they were about 6 inches larger , they would be great .
 theres aways litter all around anyway . i guess if you really want a mat then this is a good mat but i dont think theres really a need for one .
 my cat is still trying to get all the sand out of the box and well he manages well to get most of it beyond the mat ; -RRB- if there is a bigger one try and get that one as this does work its just to small to grab everything .
 For the price the mat should be larger . Does not cover a large enough area
 Is very cute , washes well , and catches some litter ... unfortunately it did n't work for us . Perhaps if you have a timid kitty you can get it to walk on the mat but ours would jump over it or have so much litter in their paws that they would shake it off around the small mat as well . It may work for someone else , but in a household of 3 cats , it did n't work for us .
 Contacted seller -LRB- HorseLoverZ / EasyPetStore -RRB- on Amazon and eBay about this item . Claimed manufacturer gave her the stock photo . The manufacturer denied this saying that the picture is NOT of the item . The photo and the item do not match . In the photo , it shows three separate hinged partitions . The item only has one hinge.Communication from the seller is poor and NOT recommended .
 my cats love catnip . they have always reacted to different brands . for a few seconds or many minutes depending on the brand . well i got the zoom catnipto try and i 've never seen anything like it . it was as if they had slipped into a catatonic -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- trance . they sniffed it , mentally yawned and walked away . NO REACTION WHATSOEVER . will not be buying this again
 I have 3 cats , all of whom love catnip . I bought this brand because it was supposed to be only flowers and leaves plus organic . When I gave some to my cats , they were n't interested . Each one sniffed , kind of excited because I had put it in the catnip-places ... and then looked at me like `` this is it ? '' I put out some of our older stuff to alleviate the disappointment and received the usual happy reaction to catnip . For whatever reason , this catnip was a dud for all three of my cats .
 The scoop is too bulky , but does measure out the correct amount of food . If you have time , I would search for another scoop .
 I ordered this canopy because i had mesured my 40 gallon and knew that i needed a 36 '' wide top . The canopy I received is 351/4 '' , and if i had let go it would have fallen right into my tank . There arent dimensions on the box but it does say this
 I guess for the price I should n't complain much but the glass on my top was not cut straight . A very obvious curve was on the side of the glass and so I had to force the top down into my aquarium 's rim . This probably was n't a smart thing to do on my part but I 'm not going to waste time shipping the item back and wait another week or more for a replacement . The glass also slips out of the plastic piece that allows it to be opened , possibly falling into the tank .
 This one is honestly worth what I paid . I wish I 'd paid more . Sharp edges , hard pointy corners , I 'm nervous to let my child use it . If you 're looking for very inexpensive , and do n't worry about such things , it IS worth it , but if you want to be a bit safer , spend a bit more .
 I have an otherwise healthy and active 1 year old Rottweiler . I switched her from Blue Buffalo to Canidae , as it came highly recommended by the holistic pet store I frequent -LRB- they are going to be the next to get an earful from me !!! -RRB- . Shortly after , I noticed her stool became loose , which is common when you change a dog 's diet -LRB- I mixed the new food with the old for a week , gradually increasing the amount of the new -RRB- . I figured it would get better after a few days . In fact , it became increasingly worse to the point where spots of blood where showing up in her stool.I took her to the vet thinking at this point she must have picked up a parasite . The test came back negative . My vet thought it must have been something she ate and recommended I feed her chicken and rice for a week to even her out . I did this and the problem was solved.After a week I put her back on her regular food - Canidae - and the problem she was having before began to return , albeit gradually . We have now started to see spots of blood again . This convinced me it was not just `` something she picked up , '' but the dog food itself.Now I have learned there is actually a CLASS ACTION SUIT against this dog food maker for the exact problem I described - in some cases people 's dogs even died . I will NEVER purchase this brand again and am switching my dog immediately back to Blue Buffalo - this time no mixing !!
 I have used this dog food for years . About a year ago they reduced the size of the bag and increased the price . I continued to buy it . No one told me there was any change in formula . My elderly dog started getting hot spots and vomiting yellow stuff . I thought it was just an upset tummy . The vet treated her with antacids and cortizone creams . My poor dog has been through a lousy time . She was drinking massive amounts of water . I had her kindeys and blood sugar checked . She was ok there . Last month , I changed her to California Naturals because it costs less and I can get it at a cheaper store . She has stopped vomiting and does n't drink as much water . I did n't even think about it , until I was reading the reviews online and saw the same symptoms in other people 's dogs . I will not go back to Canadae . Keep away from this crappy dog food . If your dog is the least bit sensitive , it will create toxic effects for your dog . It is poisonious to those dogs with allergies .
 My dog was on Canidae for almost 2 years and she loved it . She was healthy with a full , shiny coat and plenty of energy . Then suddenly around December she started vomiting and having loose yellow stools , and became very lethargic . We took her to 2 vets and after several hundred dollars in tests they could n't find anything wrong with her.I did some research and found that there were numerous people having the exact same problems I was ! It turns out , they recently changed their formula , changed manufacturers , and decreased the amount of food in their package . Do some research , it 's not the same high-quality food it used to be !
 We fed Canidae to our two dogs for almost 5 years -- they always ate it eagerly , never had stomach upset , and got raves from the vet for their muscle , weight , and coats . It * was * a 5-star food . But last summer we opened a fresh bag of kibble -LRB- same exact packaging bought from our usual store -RRB- and immediately noticed it was much lighter in color than previous bags , but we fed it anyway . Within a day our Aussie , who has a bulletproof stomach with absolutely no digestive issues , began to have horrible gas , softer stools , and really loud , liquidy gurgling noises in his abdomen . We continued to feed the entire bag , thinking that he 'd adjust to it eventually because our other dog was fine . Well , our Aussie never did adjust to it ; he spent a month having those symptoms , and we dreaded mealtimes because of the stench and sounds he 'd create.The kibble in the next bag we bought was the old normal shade of brown , and our Aussie 's stomach noises , soft stools , and awful gas went away practically overnight . But by then I was hearing and reading that Canidae had developed a new formula that was making dogs sick . The stories about people whose dogs got * far * sicker than ours , and the dodgy responses that those long-time customers got from Canidae when they called to complain about the unannounced change , made us decide it was time for a new dog food . We went with Healthwise , a premium kibble made by the same company that makes Innova , California Natural , and Evo . It 's not worth it to continue to be loyal to Canidae and to risk our dogs perhaps getting as sick as many others have . Read Canidae 's new formula horror stories at consumeraffairs.com .
 We adopted Penelope , a 6 mo. old min pin hound mix , a couple weeks ago . We decided to switch her from Purina Pro Plan w / Shredded Chicken to a premium food . After reading many conflicting reviews on this site and elsewhere , we decided to try Canidae . My sister feeds Canidae with great results and , at our local pet store , it is the cheapest of the premium foods by a narrow margin.We mixed only a little Canidae into Penny 's kibble . My guess is about 6-8 pieces or 1/12 of her total breakfast/dinner . We watched her very closely . Within a day , we noticed some changes . First of all , she lost a little focus in training , seeming a bit more confused than usual . No biggie . She also sneezed a few times -LRB- she has never sneezed before -RRB- . More importantly , though , we noticed that she started to nibble and chew on her feet . This continued sporadically for another day and half . It was n't constant or serious . She did n't seem agitated and she did n't bite her feet to the point of redness or bleeding . Still , it was VERY clear that this was caused by the change in diet -LRB- nothing else in her routine changed -RRB- and this was only with 12-16 pieces of Canidae per day . Having read the reviews of Canidae 's new formula , we had known that this might happen . We made the decision to switch right away.After a lot of research , we decided to try Solid Gold Hund-N-Flocken for Puppies . We mixed in the Solid Gold at the same proportions as the Canidae . The nibbling stopped immediately . No sneezing , either . Her focus seems to have improved as well , though I ca n't completely credit that to the food because puppies have on and off days . Still , it is clear that the more serious allergy problems have been resolved.If you 've done any research on dog foods at all , you already know that finding the right food requires you to go beyond the ingredient list . Some foods just do n't work with some dogs , however good they look on paper . Indeed , I am convinced after many hours of reading reviews that NO food works for ALL dogs . That said , it is clear that many , many more people have had problems with the new Canidae formula than they have with other premium or super-premium brands . Who knows why -LRB- Canidae claims the new formula has no changes that could account for allergies -RRB- , and who cares ? Feel free to try Canidae for your dog , but watch him or her very closely . Or , better yet , do what I wish I did , and just start with a different brand . There is nothing special about the Canidae ingredients list , so why risk it ?
 Ordered directly from PetFoodDirect before I saw the negative reviews here . So after delivery , I decided I would make the transition slowly . A week and a half later , I was feeding approx half old and half new , and one of the dogs started vomiting/had diarrhea , had no appetite , and was lethargic . I 'm switching him to a plain chicken and rice diet , but if he does n't get better soon , I 'll have to take him to the vet.Other dog must have an iron constitution because she seems fine.UPDATE
 I used to be a fan of Canidae , but after $ 2k in recent vet bills and a very sick dog , I found out there is a HUGE amount of Consumer Affairs complaints about this company.After blood work , ultrasound and many other tests trying to figure out why my dog was n't eating , was throwing up on the rare occasion he did , had pockets of gas the size of base balls -LRB- he is a small dog -RRB- and had all the symptoms of kidney and liver failure , my vet determined it might be the food . I found that hard to believe , but we could n't find anything else wrong . If you read the complaints you will see many people have lost their dogs . They started using one of the very companies for production whose imported food killed so many animals a year or so ago.As soon as I quit feeding him this poison , he started getting better . I was one of the lucky ones since my pet did not die , but as I write this , he still has not gained all his weight back.The company is acting as if nothing is wrong . Probably on the advice of their attorneys.You do n't need to take my word for it , please read up ... http://www.consumeraffairs.com/pets/canidae.html
 Canidae was the best food for my lab for the last 5 years until they changed the formula in June . OMG ... what a disaster from the very first bowl with the new formula -LRB- which I did mix with some of the old stuff to transition him -RRB- . I 'm so disappointed ... and no notice on the bag about the new formulation ???? The old stuff worked GREAT , but I 'm sure to save a few bucks , they 've changed to cheaper ingredients . Well I 'm DONE . My dog has had the worst gas and runny stools . I now need to find a food that he can handle which is not an easy task since he 's got skin allergies ... and I wo n't buy just anything ... it 's got to be topnotch . Canidae was ideal with the old formula ... not so anymore ... Any suggestions out there on what I can transition to ???
 This was a fine food until some time in early August , 2008 . I bought two bags , this formula for my old , 140 lb dog , and lamb meal and rice for my 1 year old . They had loose stools the entire time . My older dog finished his bag , and I switched him to Innova , the diarrhea cleared up immediately , so the argument that Canidae makes on the web site about needing to make a slow transition is at best specious . I will have to throw out the remaining food for my young dog , to get him back to normal . Investigate the very large number of complaints on the web about the new formula before exposing your pet to it .
 If I could give this product no stars I would . We have been giving this dog food to our dogs for years . But for the past month or so when the formula was changed and put on the shelf our dog has been having an allergic reaction to something . At first we thought it was just allergies as dogs like humans , change as they get older . As he was the only one to have problems . We tried cleaning our patio on a daily basis . Bought new food and water bowls to stainless steel . Wash the water bowl as much as possible.We even took him to the vet NUMEROUS times . Our vet , which has been practicing for over 25 years and is the best in our area was puzzled when nothing worked . Our dog started to lose his fur , has odd looking spots all over , under his chin he has open sores that do not go away no matter how much we wash and put medicine on it , and he 's consistently scraching and making it worse . In between his toes it 's red and inflamed , in his ears are a bright red color like a rash . Lastly , he has n't been eating as much and has been having diarreah . A week later our other dog broke out in hives and had to be rushed to the emergency room . They gave her shots and they slowly went away . But now she is starting to experience the same problems as our other dog.The last time we went down to the pet store to pick up his food we over heard other customers yelling about the food making their dog sick . We heard all of the same symptoms as I just described above and the shop owner did n't know why and has taken the food off of the shelf , and had given them a refund . We decided to not buy any more canidae but to go online and do some research.We have found out that Canidae has changed their formula and has added many new ingredients . All of which are grains such as millet , that MOST dogs are allergic to . We have found other forums of people describing the same issues that they 're having with their dogs just like we are . When we called customer service they did nothing and blamed us for our dogs reaction to the food . When I asked how is it our fault for your inadequte labeling on the bag in which the food is in when we buy it ? And how is it our fault when we 've been using your dog food for the last 7 years ? There was no response , the `` customer service representative '' if you can call her that , simply said `` if you do n't like it then do n't buy it . '' And then she hung up on me.The bag never changed it 's appearance nor did they add any `` stickers '' to indicate a change in their formula . If there had been I would have checked to make sure that what they changed it to would n't affect my dogs , or at the very lest I would have known what signs to watch for and change this terrible food to something different if they had a reaction as they did . I feel this horrible company should have to pay for my vet bills as they did not inform us the consumers of their changes . I understand I choose to have pets , and purchase their foods , but I did not choose to change a formula that was fine just the way it was . Could the reason for changing the formula was to make it cheaper for them to produce ?? How about just increasing the price of the dog food if that was the case , because I would have kept purchasing it . Should they see the light and go back to their old formula my family will never purchase it again just like the many others that I 'm sure will not.I have now chosen a food for them that is GRAIN FREE and they are now starting to chow down like they once did . We will have a long recovery road ahead for our male dog as his coat and face has it the worst . My hope is that anyone looking to buy this food find out about what the formula has done to others animals like mine before they buy it .
 I am very involved with dog rescue - in fact I am a founding board member of a large and active rescue group that adopts 500 or more dogs per year while keeping very high standards with the placement standards . We -LRB- as a dog rescue -RRB- have used Canidae for years and recommended it to many adopters , but recently we -LRB- personally -RRB- have seen problems with our dogs ' , as well as dogs throughout the rescue , stools . We have had many cases of serious diarrhea , and when talking to local Veterinarians we use , have found that many have seen recent issues with Canidae causing their client 's dogs to have similar diarrhea as we have experienced . I know Canidae has in the past changed their formula causing problems and it appears to have happened again . It is a shame because we have had good success with the food , but we -LRB- both personally and as a dog rescue -RRB- will no longer use this product .
 WARNING !!!!! they do n't even make there own food it is licensed out to another company if you look on the back of the bag it does n't even list who it is made by it only says guaranteed by canidae and when i asked who it was made by i was1 either completely ignored2 given a huge run around only thing i ever got was a state it was made in they would n't even tell me the companythis is dangerous because this is how all the pet food recalls happened a few years ago by out sourcing manufacturing
 I was a huge fan of canidae , but beginning about a month ago , the company changed the formula to cheaper raw materials , smaller bags , and worst of all outsourced manufacturing to Diamond pet foods -LRB- yes , the same company linked to multiple recalls in the past -RRB- . Please do a search on google/consumeraffairs . com . I will not be giving my dog this brand anymore . It 's the same mass produced garbage as is iams , eureka , etc. .
 I 've been a happy Canidae customer for over a year , recommending the product to everyone . However , they have recently changed the formula and my dog has been violently ill . I 've talked to most of the suppliers of Canidae in the Chicago area , and they are receiving countless complaints about very sick dogs since the new formula was introduced.I 'm taking my dog off of this food immediately . He 's been sensitive to different foods in the past , but never as violently as this.It 's disturbing that they would make this switch without notification . At least I finally know what 's wrong with my dog , and that it 's been happening to countless others . Beware .
 My husband and I switched our three dogs to Canidae earlier this year based on the many glowing recommendations that I found on the Internet . Our dogs have done very well on it until recently -LRB- we always bought the 40 pound bags for our three LARGE dogs but now it 's in the 35 pound bags -RRB- when they all became ill with diarrhea . My oldest dog has had diarrhea and horrible hot spots all over his buttocks with the fur falling out and flaky dry skin for the last few weeks . After one of my dogs was sick all over the house today , my husband mentioned that he was beginning to suspect it was the Canidae -- he suspected that Canidae may have changed their formula , so I checked the Internet to see if anyone else was complaining and there are complaints all over the Internet ! Apparently Canidae changed their formula without warning and many dogs who have tolerated it well in the past are suddenly becoming violently ill . My husband is picking up a bag of another brand tonight , that we have used with no problems in the past , so that we do n't have to feed them any more of the Canidae . Most dog owners know NOT to change their pets food suddenly as it can cause them to become ill , but apparently Canidae did it without warning anyone or allowing them the opportunity to gradually switch their dogs over to the new formula . Apparently Canidae is blaming ` net hysteria as the reason why people are blaming their food for these dog illnesses -- but our dogs have been sick for several weeks now , way BEFORE we even suspected it was the Canidae .
 My dogs had been eating canidae since they stopped eating their puppy food . They did great on it until yesterday we bought a new bag and they became violently ill after only eating one bowl . This was the only variant in their diet.I returned the bag back to the pet store and found out they had changed their formula because ingredients had become more expensive . They did not even notify consumers!My dogs have very sensitive stomachs . What they may consider a simple change made them very sick . This is a complete disregard for the dogs they supposedly care for . I understand they need to make money but notify the consumer so they can make an educated decision or buy the old formula at a higher price .
 This used to be a great food , but they 've changed the formula and my dogs have suffered . Their customer service is very rude . My dogs showed signs of distress within the first 24 hours of eating the new formula . Explosive Diaherra , Vomiting , Fur became dull . Change it back Canidae !!!
 I fed and recommended this food for several years as one of the best dry foods available . However , over the last few months -LRB- late 2007 -RRB- something has changed . My dogs experienced chronic digestive upset on the food and refused to eat it . Upon switching to another quality food , the problems stopped . I tried another bag last week -- same results . Other dog owners/breeders/vets / handlers have also reported problems with Canidae foods over the past few months . No one , including myself , has been successful in getting any sort of satisfactory reply from Canidae when asked if they had changed formulas , ingredient suppliers , etc. . I 'm disappointed -- Canidae was one of the few ` quality foods ' that had not raised prices significantly over the past year and was still affordable for most dog owners . Apparently that has also led to changes that the company has not been willing to address . I 'm very disappointed that a food I recommended so highly in the past has had these problems . I 've changed my dogs to Eagle Pack Holistic Selects . It 's more expensive , but they are back to their old selves -- healthy , no digestive troubles , and great coats .
 i have just brought one small package of Canidea from my oversea agent 2weeks ago , before my puppy only tried a french brand . First i was just mixed them together and seems ok , but then the old finished there is something weird happened to her , she started eating the stools ??!! >:-LRB- yes and also vomited white yellowish foam and coughing after totally swished into this brand , even sent her to vet checking blood , taking pills and medical treat which i was thinking she might catch cold . anyway only feel lucky is vet cost much cheaper here ... then now she refuse to eat it or only a little if really hungry . most of time she 'd rather biting a bone , glad saw the comments here , i will change it to other brand asap : -RRB-
 We bought a small bag of Canidae to give it a try , as we are always trying new foods for our 3 dogs . I normally serve 2 kinds of food for dinner and whenever we put Canidae in the dish , the dogs would always eat the other food first . I 'm glad I only bought a small bag . For the price , the food should be more appealing . But our dogs just did n't like it and we were glad when it was all gone . I will never buy again !
 I have a rescued greyhound and he was doing great on Canidae until we got our last order just last month . Now he 's a mess digestively . I 'm on an email discussion group for greyhounds and have seen lots of complaints as well as confirmation that the formula has changed . Definitely not working for my dog anymore . Also be aware that these used to be 40 lb . bags for the same price they now sell a 35 lb . bag for . I know everyone 's hurting financially , but I think in this case the dogs got sold down the river for a few bucks . Disappointing .
 Would not recomend this food , my 3 chihuahuas , an 1 greyhound eat this food free feed , an have lost excessive weight . They eat & eat an still loose weight . My dogs are very healthy have been to vet , vet said its the food . I changed their diet an after only 1 wk have gained all the weight back they lost .
 Be sure to do your homework re
 I have been an avid Canidae supporter for about a year and a half . My breeder recommended it and I was VERY impressed with how my dog responded . However , a few months back they changed their formula , -LRB- they also lessened the bags from 40 to 35lbs AND raised the price !!!! -RRB- and it is terrible !!!! I went through 2 bags and could n't understand why my dog was consistently producing loose stools , when she never had before . Randomly , I found 1 bag of the old formula left at my local dealer so I bought it . Immediately her stools firmed up . Now I am again on a bag of the new formula , and again my dog is sick . I am done , I will no longer support Canidae . Do not buy it ! Do your research , at this kind of money there are A LOT of better dog foods out there .
 We switched to Canidae ALS after the tainted food scare . We were very happy with our choice and I recommended this food to many people . Then they changed the formula . They made this major change without so much as a sticker slapped on the bag notifying their customers . The change sent my dog into a tail spin . Severe vomiting , diarrhea , hot spots and itching were the main symptoms . And since she had always done so well in Canidae , I never dreamed it was the food . After weeks of worry and meds and messes to clean plus prednisone for the scary hot spot -LRB- my vet shrieked when she saw it ! -RRB- I started researching and a food change was the only thing that stopped the problems . She lost 5 lbs . in a very short amount of time . Canidae 's customer service rep. blamed me for not transitioning properly ! Talk about adding insult to injury ! Not a good food for us and not a good company to deal with . Wish I could give ZERO stars .
 I have a new Akita puppy , and bought the Canidae ALS for him since I could n't get the breeders type of food in my area . After transitioning him to the Canidae , his stools were loose and yellow . I looked on-line , and saw that Canidae switched their formula , and my puppy 's symptoms were mild compared to some I read about . I immediately switched my puppy to Wellness Puppy , and everything has been coming out fine since .
 We switched or dog to the canned All Ages food . She has had diarrhea and vomiting for 2 days . She has never been ill and is a very healthy dog - 19 years old.Look online and investigate this product via consumer affairs . The story is very common , some dogs even dying from GI tract infections , siezures and horrible allergies.We 'll be switching her back to the old standby , SOJO 's . She 's kind of tired of it , but we know it is good for her and wo n't hurt her .
 its difficult to rate dog food . i guess you look at the ingredients and if your dog eats it then its good.well the ingredients were great but my dog didnt like it and its pretty pricey . thats all i can say .
 My Black Lab has been eating Canidae All Life Stages dry dog food since we switched her from puppy food to Canidae in early 2006 . Our breeder recommended this dog food . She did well on the old formula , except for what we THOUGHT were seasonal hot spots where she would chew the hair off of the insides of her legs and also her behind.Since purchasing my latest bag about three weeks ago she has been throwing up , having frequent burping which smells of vomit , having horribly smelly flatulance , and I had to clean my carpet from a poop accident two days ago.I was initially just upset to find that my latest bag had been down-sized from 40 lbs . to 35 lb . I sent an e-mail telling them that I would rather pay more for something than have it down-sized . Their response was : `` Our economy and industry is faced with challenging times , commodities and energy cost are at an all time high and continue to sky rocket . `` They ended their response with this condescending comment : `` We have also had a lot of positive feedback from our women shoppers who love the new sizes as they can handle them much better when unloading them from their car . `` After talking with my dog 's breeder , I discovered that the formula had been changed and that her dogs and many other breeders ' dogs had been having problems with the new formula . The `` Canidae Team '' did n't mention the formula change when I asked them about the down-sizing . That would have been nice.So , I started searching the internet and found more horror stories of dogs becoming sick with the new formula . Plus , many dog owners were upset that Canidae did not make much of an effort to inform their customers of the new formula change.I sent another e-mail to Canidae regarding the formula change , their lack of informing their customers about it , and how my dog has been reacting to it . They did n't address my comments about how it was making my dog and others sick , they just stated that they did their best to post their changes on the internet . From what I have been reading in posts , that is not the case . I also found out through forum postings on the internet that Canidae is now in partnership with Diamond Pet Foods . Diamond was involved in the dog food recalls where dogs were dying from the tainted food . Maybe since the recall and deaths , Diamond has cleaned up their act and has more stringent guidelines and inspections but who wants to take that chance when it comes to our beloved dogs ?
 I have relied on Canidae for my 4 dogs for over 3 years now . It was nice to have a maintenance food that all my dogs could eat . The last bag I purchased on Aug. 4th smelled and looked different . Almost immediately after feeding the dogs , my Mastiff became very ill , Bloated belly , diarrhea and lethargic . The next day my Schnauzers became ill with the same symptoms . I checked my bag of food and found nothing written as far as NEW FORMULA . I cooked them all boiled chicken and rice and the symptoms went away . I then checked on line and found many complaints about Canidae . I am a professional dog groomer that recommended this food until now . I took my bag back the the pet store for a refund and found a better food to feed my dogs . Canidae changing their formula cost me a vet bill for my Mastiff and a carpet cleaning bill . I 'll pass this brand by in the stores from now on .
 New food and or changed formula 's need to be introduced to animals slowly . Very slowly . However , I was not given this option by Canidae when I ran out of the old All Stages Life Dry Dog Food and purchased a new bag of the new formula -LRB- no warning label -RRB- with none of the old to mix in . That is the problem I 'm having with my four dogs , 2 of which are 12 years old . Granted , the changes may be an added benefit to their new formula but it 's NOT a benefit if they do n't notify their consumers that there has been quite an extensive change -LRB- 19 additional items -RRB- to their recipe . Meanwhile , I 've had to deal with 4 dogs who have been vomiting and have bloody diarrhea as well as vet bills for the past 17 days because of Canidae 's neglectful oversight on not informing their consumers . I just found out about the NEW formula 2 days ago while researching Canidae on the web and found more disgruntled consumers . That is why I give them 1 star . The one good thing I can say about Canidae -LRB- their old formula was great by the way -RRB- is thank God this ca n't be compared to the recall of last year that killed thousands of pets . By the way , what WAS wrong with the old formula ????
 I had fed my dogs Canidae for about 2 months before I had problems but as soon as they switched their formula I went from happy to completely unsatisfied . Both of my dogs broke out in hot spots and they itched all the time . Like other reviews say they had chronic digestive upset and would n't touch the food . As soon as we switched foods all went back to normal . I also emailed the company . They emailed me back saying there was no way it was their food because their food is of the highest quality out there . It had to be my dogs . Make sure you buy a food that does feeding trials . I know some may think this is cruel , but do you really want food trials done on your pets ? That 's what Canidae is doing .
 Started out OK , but after a few weeks my dog decided she did n't like the taste all that much , became picky and would n't finish her feedings . I ended up discarding a half-bag and switching to Wellness brand Puppy mix . Canidae does produce very dense , dark stools so if you have to pick up poop this makes it easy . With a 1-acre fenced yard I do n't bother .
 Be very aware that the new formula ALS is not agreeing with a lot of dogs . I have one of these dogs and no amount of transitioning improved the diarrhea , vomiting , and hot spots . There are many , many complaints on the web by people with dogs having the same symptoms that finally stopped upon changing to another food . Canidae made major changes to their ALS formulas and did nothing to alert the public until they had to -LRB- their web site only -RRB- . There is still nothing on the bags to make people aware of the changes except a new ingredient list . Do your homework before buying this dog food . Dog owners across the country have spent lots of money unnecessarily at the vets trying to find answers to their dogs medical problems only to find that it 's the food they 've been feeding . Used to be an outstanding product ! Wish I could give zero stars !
 I fed Canidae ALS -LRB- old formula -RRB- for 7 + years and my dogs thrived . Canidae switched their formula -LRB- and mfg -RRB- and I immediately switched to another food afer the reported of problems . My feed store talked me into trying their ` new ' formula , and I went back to ALS - BIG mistake . I have experienced 15-20 + % weight loss , explosive diarreha , vomitting , lethargy . etc. . I have 5 dogs - 60-100 + lbs , varying pedigrees , ages 1 to 12 + - all sick -LRB- 15-20 % weight loss , poor coats , vomitting , etc. -RRB- . I have had to run complete extensive blood panels to rule out other health problems on all the dogs - bottomline - blood panels were OK , food -LRB- Canidae -RRB- was the issue . What use to be a fantastic food is now a very dangerous food to feed . An entire pack of dogs ' health declined on the ` new ' formula . I switched foods -LRB- something other than Canidae -RRB- and my dogs are now recovering . If you love Las Vegas and Russian Roulette feed Canidae - if want to avoid major Vet expenses and heartache choose another food . Do your homework - research the Canidae ALS problems - then make the best ` educated ' decision for you and your pets . -- It 's been a over a year since I originally posted review of this product , and I thought it was time for an update.I still warn folks from feeding Canidae ALS ... other Canidae formuals I do n't know . My dogs have recovered -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- . They are back to running the fenceline , greeting visitors , etc. - and not as sickly as they had become - aka the lethergic , diarreha , lost weight crew I was faced with.I know there are a bunch of pros and cons out there on various websites concerning Canidae - and I use to be one of the biggest ` flag wavers ' for Canidae ... until the formula change and the Vet expenses I was forced to face . Believe me - with a very heavy heart I can not recommend Canidae any more . I do not do this with a flare of being noticed on the Internet , any vindications against the company , or any personnal gain ... just a great concern for the illnesses I 've experienced with my ` pack ' -LRB- 5 + dogs -RRB- . It took several months -LRB- under Vet care & dry dog food changes -RRB- for my dogs to recover , and I do n't want to see any other ` beloved family members ' undergo what I 've / we 've gone through . Please , please , PLEASE check out -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- a highly recommended -LRB- non-bias -RRB- dog food analysis site -RRB- . They are still recommending Canidae ALS as a 5-Star -LRB- 6 star being the highest rating -RRB- premium food to feed - with the caveate ` However , from a position of being a product about which DFA heard very few complaints , the number of animals we hear of that do not do well on this food appears to have risen substantially . ` All I ask is do your own personal research concerning this food , keep an eye on your pet 's food reactions , and make the best ` educated ' decision for your beloved ` four footed/furry ' family members .
 When i first opened the box it looked perfectly fine . the expiration date was april 2012 the bag seemed fine . That is until i went to open the corner . The resealable pouring spout was already opened . The seal is supposed to be intact until it is opened for the first time . To me it looks as if someone had reused this bag . Im not entirely sure if it is even the same dog food . Someone could have just put in what ever they feel like and called it `` Canidae '' and charged me $ 55.00 . The dog food looked different as well . it had the same texture but the pieces were all bigger and a darker color . I had a bag of canidae that i had from before so i compared them ! I will not be feeding this to my dog . I guess lesson learned from buying on the internet . maybe my story will make you think twice . on the bright side the price was cheaper and the shipping to hawaii for me was less than a week ! free shipping i may add ! So buy at your own risk ! My dogs health isnt worth taking a chance that it could be canidae in there ! I want to be certain that it is 100 % canidae !! - Phillip
 I 've been feeding this to my dog for months and I have just realized his stool has been pretty runny the whole time , today he had diarrhea again , probably the second or third time during that period . I came online to see if others have been having the same problem as me , and sure enough the answer is yes . I 'm done with this dog food , I 'd suggest you do the same , it 's just not right .
 My dogs have been on Canidae for the past several years and even the picky dog who has lost over half her teeth loved it . However , I recently bought a new bag of Canidae . The packaging was different , but I thought that was the only thing that had changed because there was nothing on the bag indicating it was a new formula.I noticed the kibble was a lighter color than in previous bags , but still did n't think much of it . However , two out of my three dogs now consistently refuse to eat it . The only dog who will eat this new bag is the one who has been on a diet for two years and quite frankly , will eat anything.I 'm very disappointed that the change in the formula was not even mentioned on the bag and that they changed a great food into one that my dogs wo n't eat.NOTE
 I have ONLY fed my 3 dogs Canidae since 2002 . Until 3 days ago we have HAD no problems at all , and I had highly recommended the food to everyone who would listen . That is NO longer the case.Recently , Canidae decided to change the formula , and without any notice being placed on the bag . Two weeks into the first , and LAST bag of Canidae I will every buy , one of my dogs began chewing his feet . Prior to 3 days ago , he had never had a `` hot spot '' or anything close to it ... . And now I can not get him to stop chewing his red , soaking wet paws . One expensive vet bill later , the vet said it is an `` allergic reaction . '' Allergies ??!! I do not want my dogs to be miserable with allergies !! Besides the constant chewing , not one of my dogs has had a firm stool since their first meal with the new formula . One of my dogs is prone to anal glad issues , and so it is critical that she have a firm stool.In addition to my issues , my breeder , who recommended the food to me , and who has been feeding her dogs Canidae for much longer than I , has taken her dogs off the food . Why ? Her dogs became violently ill , vomiting non-stop , itching , acting lethargic . She has contacted the MANY , MANY people she knows who use Canidae , and they have all had issues , many have taken their dogs to the vet , and have all now switched to a different food ... not made by Canidae.It 's too bad they chose to make this change ; they have lost countless loyal customers over trying to save money on rice . I ca n't imagine they will be in business much longer . ******** UPDATED 10/2/08
 I still have some of my original test kit left , which has white powder and gives an expected iron reading.The last 2 iron test kits I puchased on Amazon have yellowed powder and read zero at every test .
 I recently bought the filter i find the 200 filter could hardy work good on my 27 gallon tank.I recommend to buy a cascade 300 filter on a 25 - 40 gallon tankI 'm using the and every 5 days i have to change the filter and and do a 70 to 85 precent water change buy something better
 I have owned the Cascade 300 -LRB- 300gph/100g capacity -RRB- for over 6 months now , and I dont think it is living up to its ratings . I have a 55g freshwater aquarium -LRB- just over half of what this filter is rated for -RRB- , it is stocked with a large common pleco , a freshwater snowflake eel , and a 14 '' Gar . The tank is in no way overstocked , I do regular water changes -LRB- about 40-50 % -RRB- , and daily maintenance manually removing any solid waste and whatnot . My tank is continually cloudy , I have tried chemicals , different water source , and even adding extra filter media . Nothing works . I also have another tank with a Top-Fin 60 -LRB- rated for only 60g tank -RRB- and it has a much higher water flow rate than the Cascade.Maybe I have a bad filter , or its not working properly , but all in all , I am in the market for something different , something of higher quality .
 Ok so I went and brought the cascade 200 online for my 55 gallon tank . Only because my old filter is too old and does n't have enough power to run my tank . I been cleaning out my tank every two weeks to every months . This new filter has n't made the much needed changes to help keep my tank clean . Here are some problems that I have with this filter . 1 . The filter is made out of a very breakable blue plastic while my old one is made out of a very hard nonbreakable black plastic . 2 . The tube extension is way too small and come off too easily . For a filter being made for a 55 gallon tank it should look like it was made for a 55 gallon tank . 3 . The design of the cascade 200 is way too small . I 've readed the box and it said for aquariums up to 50/190 gallons/liters . Really ? Also it does n't even fit securly on my tank 's legde . It like it was made for ten gallon tank instead but I 've readed the box but did the maker read it . 4 . The high and low setting on the flow control is unnecessary . You only need high just high setting . Giving a comparison to my old filter with this new cascade filter , my old filter is still better . I 've gave this product one star because of the very fast delivery service . You 're better off buying your filters from Walmart where you can buy a cheap and well made power filter then buying it online very expension but very cheaply made .
 These are flimsy and short and were shipped in an enormous carton . Not only is the product a disappointment , but the company should be ashamed for using a 4800 square inch carton with tons of plastic inside to ship 2 tiny , short cat toys that should have been shipped in a tube or a padded envelope . Shameful and a disappointment .
 These Robbie Dawg snacks have been rejected to the extreme degree by every animal!I bought them originally for a cat whose who loves Temptations snacks . Not only did she not touch these , but when one of these was in her Temptations snack dish , she would n't even go near the bowl , as if this snack contaminated all in its vicinity.I next tried it on an outdoors cat who lives in the neighborhood . Since he lives the life of a homeless scavenger , one would n't expect him to be picky . Yet not even real hunger would make the bridge for him trying this.All right , how about dogs then ? While this was made for cats , my experience is that many dogs will bascially eat anything you hand them -LRB- gulp it down first , and ask questions later -RRB- . Outcome ... My neighbor 's dog answer
 I have a 15 pound cat that is so fat she waddles as she walks . You can hear her coming up the stairs in all her thundrous glory . She is an enthusiastic eater of every type of cat food imaginable . She 'll eat the lowest end foods like Fancy Feast -LRB- which I give her when I run out of the good stuff - which is her favorite cat food from the local pet shop down the street -RRB- . When I was at the pet shop , I saw these `` Pretty Kitty Cat Treats '' in fish flavor , which she really likes , so I grabbed a box . They were $ 6 but I figured they must be really good and I like supporting independent businesses so I gave it a go.I shook the box , which gets her in a nice frenzy -LRB- she LOVES cat treats and recognizes when I shake a bag or box , it means she 's getting something awesome -RRB- . She crawled around my feet , meowing and meowing . I dropped the treat by her paws , she leaned down and sniffed it for a moment , and looked up and me and kept meowing . I tried to feed it to her , broke it open in case the scent is not strong enough or something , but she would n't have it . I grabbed her favorite treats -LRB- Temptations chicken flavor -RRB- and she was satisfied with that.I had n't touched the treats in a long time after , until a stray started hanging around my front porch . I left for Thanksgiving and since I 'm the one who 's been feeding her , she was very , very hungry having not eaten in a couple days . I did n't have any cat food left so I went inside to see what I could give her so she would n't have to wait until I got back from the store . I found these kitty treats . Yay ! Problem solved ! I poured the treats in a bowl and set them outside . This cat , frantic with unsated hunger , would n't eat them . I felt bad so I went out and bought some Fancy Feast , so I tossed the cat treats in the trash and filled her bowl up with the food , which she ate as it was coming out of the bag . That 's how hungry this cat was , and she would n't touch these `` treats . `` I decided to do one last test . I tried to give one to my miniature dachshund . Now , if anyone knows how eagerly and greedily a mini dachshund can eat , especially when it comes to novelty items like cat treats or people food , you 'd know they 'd eat just about anything if you frame it as something to be coveted . If I make a big stink about how `` delicious '' my water is and hold it out to my dog , he 'll turn that feigned enthusiasm into `` THIS IS THE BEST WATER I 'VE EVER HAD !!!! '' So I held up the treats and said `` Puppy ! Look at these tasty treats !! They belong to kitty but we took them away from her just for you !! It 's time for a treat ! It 's time for a treat ! '' This speech has provoked my dog into downing green vegetables with enthusiasm . I tossed him a treat expecting him to gobble it up . He sniffed it , gave it a disinterested lick , and walked away.I had to figure out why these treats were so incredibly unappealing to an obese house cat , a starved stray cat , and a dachshund that will eat anything . The first ingredient is organic barley flour . Organic barley flour ?! First of all , barley is only appealing when it 's in a hearty stew with beef . Second of all , what kind of carnivorous animal would eat barley flour ??? Next ingredient
 This is what I was told when I tried to return my Kittywalk Cozy Cabin . I ordered the carrier from Pet Solutions -LRB- vendor -RRB- . Instead of arriving in 7-10 days , it took over 2 weeks -LRB- too late for my trip . -RRB- Pet Solutions had me send carrier back to kittywalk -LRB- at my expense -RRB- . Kittywalk was to notify the vendor when the package arrived and then I would get my refund . Kittywalk was notified of the plan -LRB- by me . -RRB- I was informed of a 25 % restocking fee . I explained that I was returning the item for poor service and that I should not have to pay a fee . The employee on the phone said that they would waive the fee . Package arrived at kittywalk on 7/28 , but by 8/25 , I still had not received a refund . When I called Kittywalk , they informed me that they do not issue refunds daily -LRB- but it had been a month . -RRB- They called me back -LRB- same day -RRB- and told me they had issued the refund to Pet Solutions , minus the 25 % restocking fee . I reminded her that this was supposed to be waived . She denied saying this , of course . I asked to speak to the boss , and he simply said that I was not their customer and that he would not talk to me . They lied to Pet Solutions , telling them I agreed to pay the fee . I have never been treated so rudely . Pet Solutions was quite passive . I had to do all of the leg work with no real help from them .
 Looking more closely at the ` lightweight ' description should have clued me in ... . but this is just plastic ! ` black granite ' was what I was expecting . Priced quite high for plastic !
 showing box of 150 gallon product to mislead you into buying a 50 gallon product . Be careful not to buy this thinking that you are getting 150 gallon mix .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 Product was very poorly packaged and arrived with the top broken off and the product spilled throughout the box.Otherwise the price was fair and I managed to pour the remaining product into another container . I would not purchase a fragile product from this company .
 Well I wish I could rate this higher , my dog really loved it . Loved it too much as they say . It was his Christmas gift and it brought him pure joy . He squeaked and threw it into the air . Grabbing and shaking it with total abandon . The first hole showed up almost right away.A slight tear on one of the seams . The next hole on the dark blue bone was in the middle of the toy . The first squeaker to stop working was the orange one . It was worth his happiness , I just wish it would have made it a while longer . In it 's defense my dog is a Bernese Mountain Dog who is all male and a maniac . The attack jack should be fine for more gentle dogs just not aggresive players and chewers .
 It only lasted a month before seams gave up . My lab played with it every day for just under a month .
 I bought this for my 18 lb shih-tzu to play with -LRB- he loves squeekers -RRB- . My 20lb boston terrier also played with it a few times . I was very disappointed that within 2 days , half of the seams were burst open and the stuffing was sticking out . Since this is sized for a larger dog I expected it to hold up well to our little ones . My dogs have stuffed toys that have lasted over a year without the seams splitting . Save your money and choose something else .
 Great idea but not great product . Our under 1 year old puppy took all of the balls out in under a minute , them quickly tore each one apart . Granted , not much lasts with our puppy , but this one was done in minutes and was not challenging enough for her to have to work to get the balls out . If you have a not-too-smart dog that does not chew up its toys , this may be for you .
 Our Westie loved this toy . Unfortunately , within 45 minutes 3 of the 4 plush balls were ruined . By the next day , one corner of the box had been chewed away .
 The puppy had it destroyed within 2 days . I do not recommend this dog toy if your dog is a playful puppy .
 My 1 year old hound/corgi mix shredded the balls & the entire box in a matter of hours . He did enjoy getting the balls out , but like the german shepherd pup , it only took minutes before he got all the balls out . then he immediately went to opening up the balls & destroying the cube .
 My puppy is 3 pounds . She 's not very destructive , and is rather small -LRB- Yorkie-Bichon mix -RRB- . She destroyed these balls in a few days . What comes out of them is plastic-y cottony material that she can choke on , and even better , lots of small plastic parts that are perfect for choking her to death . I 'm astounded that she was able to destroy this thing in a matter of days , and even more astounded that it 's full of small plastic parts just the right size to kill her . I 'm more than a bit ticked . Do not buy this .
 I bought this toy for my cocker spaniel who is not destructive and has plush toys all over the house . In less than a day she had ripped one of the openings in the toy by shaking it trying to get the balls out -LRB- and ours only had 3 balls -RRB- . Then her teeth easily punctured the balls exposing the squeaker . The store would not refund my money.I have owned dogs my entire life -LRB- over 50 years -RRB- and run a dog rescue so I know a good toy and this one does not stand up to what I would call normal use .
 Though I thought is was a good idea , My dog ate part of the main part -LRB- the cube -RRB- apart within 10 minutes . The balls are still alive ! But the cube part has been pulled apart and is now her tug o war toy . This is for a dog who does not destroy toy !
 I had to give this thing props bc my dogs absolutely loved it and loved pulling the balls out . That takes all of 5 seconds , though , so it does n't keep them occupied for too long ... then they just tore the balls apart and then proceeded to tear the box apart.These are 2 55 pound collies ... not giant dogs known for chewing.So ... fun while it lasted . Now it 's dead and in the trash .
 we no longer buy plush toys for our dog . it 's a waste of money . this one lasted a little longer since the balls were spherical and did n't have easy edges to chew/rip . but without a doubt , our pooch found a way to break the seams and spread the stuffing all over . if your dog is like ours , stay away .
 I 've have purchased other puzzle/intelligence toys from this line and have been very pleased with them . Each product has been of high quality and my dog has LOVED them . I was very disappointed when the I-Qube arrived as it was not only slightly smaller than described but all of the balls accompanying it had defective squeekers which caused it to be unstimulating for my pup who is very high energy and sensory focused .
 Another toy my Westie puppy -LSB- 10 lbs -RSB- had ripped within minutes after taking it out of the box . The cube has been shredded , she still plays with the balls . Maybe it 's my dog , everyone else loves these toys and my dog destroys them in minutes and I feel like my money has been thrown down the drain . I will never buy another toy from this company . The cheap toys will have to make her happy , I think her teeth are just too strong to make the toys last longer than a few minutes . I did write a letter of complaint to the company but I 'm sure they wo n't care especially since I seem to be the only one with a problem .
 I have ordered several of these in the past . The squeakers in the item I just received do not work . I believe that I was sent a used and defective item .
 Ca n't actually believe this exists.We need to be careful . Educated dogs will ruin us . I would fear educated cats more though .
 After purchasing other Kyjen dog toys that were durable enough -LRB- relatively speaking , durable to me means lasting at least a couple weeks or more -RRB- , I opted for this toy to feed my little dog 's insatiable appetite.Unfortunately , the stuffed balls each lasted a couple days only . In fact , the plastic squeaker air tubes already began to protrude through the weak seams almost immediately , and the air chamber easily deformed permanently enough to prevent their operation.And this `` damage '' was done by a 1 year old , 6 pound Chihuahua -LRB- yes , their smaller teeth are sharper than larger dogs -RRB- . The only positive thing to say about this toy is that it 's much harder for my dog to pull the balls out of the puzzle box , so he spends a little more time playing with the box trying to get the balls out.Again , other Kyjen toys lasted much longer than this . I definitely would not be purchasing this toy again ...
 I had a German Shepherd pup who was 7 months old and EASILY got all of the balls out ; whipping the cube around and having them all spill out . She enjoyed chewing more on the balls than throwing them about . I kept stuffing them back in and she would immediately take them out with her paws and mouth . This may be an okay toy for a smaller breed dog , but not large breed as they have a bigger mouth . A small breed may have a harder time to yank it out . My second Shepherd male pup did the same thing as my female so it was not just my one dog . All the squeakers are broken after gnawing on the ball the first time . Oh , and the openings rip easily . It is soft and mushes easily . Do n't be fooled in thinking that its a `` sturdy '' cube because it is not at all . Was very disappointed after the first minute of playtime .
 The balls are very difficult for me to get out even with two hands & knowing how to do it . Unless your dog * really * likes puzzle toys and knows what to do with them , I 'd order the larger size first because at least it has room to get the nose in there and grab the balls .
 I was very excited to give my very small -LRB- 4.9 lb -RRB- half-Maltese-half-Yorkie this toy , because I 'm always looking for ways to keep his tiny high-energy self busy and entertained.First the pro -- it 's a great idea ! He loved trying to work out how to get toys out of the box . This could have been one of the best purchases I 've ever bought him.Next the cons -- Our tiny little guy is not a big toy destroyer . He is about to be a year old , and in the 9 months we have had him , only one of his toys has `` bitten the dust '' -- it was his favorite , and it did dutiful service for about 8 months of constant chewing and games of tug and was buried with honors -- and quickly replaced ! -LRB- For those looking for a great toy , it 's the `` Petstages Just For Fun No Stuffing Plush LiL Squeak '' . -RRB- But he had managed to rip open one of those balls the very first time I introduced them to him -- not a good start ! All the balls ended up coming un-stitched , and the inner stuffing was not stuff you want your dog to swallow -- indeed , I got to clean up the vomit when he did so.I ended up taking some of his other toys and putting them in the box . That was great , because they were different textures , and even more fun for him to get out than the balls themselves!But then the box itself . That item is simply not made to be chewed in the slightest . And I do n't care that a human might be aware that the toys are IN the box -- when you give your dog a toy , he is going to want to chew all of it , and thus any of it should be safe to chew and strong enough to stand up to said chewing . This he pretty well shredded , and he has n't actually shredded any other toys with his tiny little teeth before!I 'd love to see this great concept become a really high-quality , safe toy for dogs . But it 's not there , yet !
 I purchased these gloves a little over 3 months ago . I work in an aquatics store , and my skin is very sensitive to being in the water . Before I switched to the gloves , my eczema was extremely severe . With the help of the gloves I was able to clear up my skin , but that meant using them every time I needed to be in the tanks , whether it were bagging fish for a customer or tank maintenance -LRB- scrubbing , gravel vacuuming etc -RRB- . All was going great until two days ago when I felt water leaking into my glove . Today I found why - the seam holding the red part and the purple part together had come undone . The glove was rendered completely useless . I 'm sure if you were using them less often they would work great - but considering what I paid I was very disappointed that they only lasted me a few months . Especially since they are necessary for me to do my job .
 Aqua gloves are made of thick rubber which makes even holding tweezers difficult . You will end up knocking over rock formations in your reef tank . Very difficult to remove algae with these gloves . Latex gloves work much better and cost far less .
 This feeder looks good but I had to repair it right out of the box . The bottom is attached to the 4 corner posts with tiny screws . The screws were inserted at an angle and had split 2 of the 4 corners . It was cheap so I got out the gorilla glue and fixed it myself . Three months later it seems to be ok .
 I got this collar because we had a reflective braided leash -LRB- that we got from Walmart -RRB- that was the best leash we 've ever tried and I thought this reflective braided collar would be great too -LRB- even though it was n't from the same company -RRB- . However , this collar also has an unbraided portion , which is the weakest link in this case . The braided part is strong enough -LRB- although not as strong as the Walmart leash we had -RRB- but beyond that , the unbraided portion was flimsy . Not only would the end of the collar beyond the buckle keep slipping out , but the rings on the unbraided portion would break off and that portion would start to fray , so we had to replace it because the collar was slipping off every time our dog pulled hard on it when leashed.I could see this collar lasting longer for a small dog , but we have a strong 60-lb dog that will pull against the leash sometimes and this collar just could n't withstand that .
 It did not do anything . I found another shampoo it is call Planet Petco and it killed the fleas !!! I used all the shampoo from Bio guard and nothing . Not happy with the product .
 I only had this product for a few months before it broke . I thought it was a battery issue since it stopped working one morning . I replaced the batteries ... nothing happened . Finally I unscrewed the top . The wires were frayed and one set was detached . After repeated attempts to keep the wires in place , we gave up . The seal was also broke , so water could seep into the battery pack after that . I contacted the company since it was a craftmanship problem with the wires . They did n't respond . I would not recommend this product . The birds avoided the bath when the wiggler was running anyway ...
 This works OK . If something falls into the birdbath , though , it gets stuck in the wiggler and the wiggler stops working until you remove the material .
 recieved merchandise and it was as reported . only problem is , for us , it ran the birds off . now it sits beside my sink , waiting on another idea for its use . sorry . not such a good product .
 When it works , it 's great . We have a deep birdbath , so I sat ours on a brick in the birdbath . When it ran , it worked great and kept our water clear and seemed to attract more birds . After only a month , our first one quit working and we exchanged it at the local retailer where we purchased it . About a year later , our second unit has already quit working . I 've seen several other reviewers who indicated theirs did n't last long as well . For $ 30 , it should definitely last longer . Considering the issues I 've had with two of these , I doubt that I 'll be buying another one of these .
 This seemed like a good product and worked great for about 3 weeks , and then it quit . I changed the batteries thinking that was the problem , even though they should last longer than that . Well , that was NOT the problem . It just plain QUIT working . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 product would not seal properly therefore batteries would get wet and short out . Too expensive to keep buy D-cell batteries every month .
 I had bought this item a couple of seasons ago and tried it for several weeks . I hate to say it , but it scared the birds away . They would go to the feeders , but would not land in the bird bath . As soon as I removed it , they came back . Also , unless you have a large diameter bird bath , it takes up too much space and that may be part of the problem . My bowl is 20 inches dia. , sloping to 2 '' to 21/2 '' deep and it left little room for bathing without obstruction . Leaving your bowl wide open with fresh , clean water , not too deep , and near enough to trees/shrubs for escape , I found , is the best attractant to birds .
 I was really excited to get this water wigler for my bird bath.But when i received it I was disappointed to find out that it was not a solar water wiggler . It only runs on battieries . There is no on/off switch , so the batteries will not last long with it running all the time . I did not want it to run at night.So I returned it for a full refund . I do n't blame the company , it just was n't what I expected . It is a good product , just not what I wanted.API 4WW Water Wiggler Water Agitator for Bird Baths
 I used it for about a month and the new batteries died ! I thought this was supposed to last at least a couple months !
 The water wiggler performed exactly as advertised . However , it scared the birds away . They flew close to the birdbath and immediately flew away . Very disappointing .
 My bird bath -LRB- in mid Michigan -RRB- is very busy , I have to add water and clean it daily . I thought why not try this attraction ? Amazon sent it in double time as usual . After placeing it in the bird bath I noticed the water level did n't chang for two days . I then removed the unit and changed the water in the b.b. , and within 2 minutes it was full of birds again . I 'll try it again next spring .
 This was the third one I purchased as my other two just stopped working after 2 seasons . This one did n't even last this season . not wasting any more money on these things .
 Adams products are outlawed in California because of lawsuits . The company kept getting sued over dead pets , so they just changed the formula . The processes would just repeate its self . I found this out from a women at Petsmart after looking for something better -LRB- I had my cat with me in his carrier because we just visited the banfield clinic because he got sick from the Adam 's spray and flea bomb -RRB- She told me her cat had liver failure from it and about California 's trouble . Do your pet a favor and do n't buy it .
 The product I received was Flea and Tick mist , not Flea and Tick with IGR.When I spoke to Entirely pets after an 8 minute hold time , I was told they do not even carry the product with IGR.Waste of time
 The service as far as receiving the product was great , but sadly I still have fleas and I know I have soaked these animals in this stuff ... I am really wondering if there is anything that really works , all that I have tried sure do n't
 When they work ... it 's an awesome pet carrier ! I have several and liked them so much that I wanted to get more . All it would take for this company to go from making a terrible product to a GREATone would be for someone to check that they function before shipping them out . I ordered two and could not operate the latches on BOTH of them . Amazon was great and sending them back for replacements was easy . Same problem with the replacements . This time I kept them hoping that the latching system would &#34; break in &#34; over time . Chances are equally good that they will just &#34; break &#34; . I 'm very disappointed . My old ones are great !
 I purchased this for my small German Shepherd a month before Christmas . I was so excited for it to arrive because I really wanted to take pictures of him in this adorable outfit . I 'd decided to order the `` large '' size because although he is a German Shepherd , he 's probably the runt of the liter and I thought the XL costume may be too big , boy was I wrong . I took the outfit out of the package and was completely convinced that they 'd sent me a small . The coat did n't even go halfway around him and I 'm pretty sure the XL one would not have made a difference . The product page should really specify that when hey say `` large '' they really are talking about a large small breed dog ! I was highly disappointed that we did n't get the product we expected .
 First , I should say my review is probably not a fair review , because I did use these steps for reasons other than what they are meant for , and for a dog that weighs slightly more than what the steps say they can handle . But , just in case this is helpful for others , I feel like I should report my experience & findings.I have a very tall/high bed , and I purchased these stairs for two reasons
 This stupid piece of junk keeps falling apart . Grant you , it is my boys making it fall apart and not the dogs , but it is really so poorly put together that I ca n't emphasize enough that a better step is the way to go . When my boys are n't destroying it , my puppy is tearing off the `` carpeting '' that is on each step.I have an all carpet , really solid staircase for the dogs in my bedroom . It is so much better , although heavier.Don ' t waste your money on this piece of junk . It is overpriced and useless .
 These clippers are so-so . They 're not very sharp , so the angle has to be just right to cut . Ok if your feline does n't mind keeping her paw still . Not good if you have rambunctious kitties like mine . Spend a couple dollars more for a better pair .
 I have a gecko who ca n't seem to catch crickets but ca n't see them if they are n't moving . Thought this would help to use freeze dried crickets , but it vibrates so furiously that it slings them across the aquarium
 First , I want to say that I do not put up many comments on Amazon , but this seller deserves a whopper . My son opened this present on Christmas morning . The box had been damaged on each corner when I recieved it , but I was hopeful about it being only cosmetic . Nope . He opened it up and the can of dried bugs was crushed and the label torn off , like it got CHEWED . When we tried to put batteries in and realized that the batteries in the remote were leaking from sitting too long . Needless to say , this is a hunk of junk ... even if it did originally work it was an embarassing gift to give . This must had been returned and sold again .
 Bought one of these because it was not much money but it turns out to be cheap copy of a much better product the Spotless Paw . Water soaks though the glove and my hand gets wet when using this glove.Spotless Paw Dog Paw Grooming Glove -LRB- One size -RRB-
 WHAT A JOKE -- PLEASE PUT CHIAHUAHU ON PROFILE SO I GET A 4 INCH BONES AND NOT 40 FOOT ONES ANOTHER JUNK ANIMAL WHATEVER -- SOMESDAY I WILL GET IT RIGHT AND YOU WILL TOO -- PUP PERONI SAUAGE HINT
 I ordered this leash due to positive feedback about the item . Unfortunately the leather is only finished on one side which makes the other side feel like sandpaper . The inside of the handle also is n't finished making this uncomfortable to hold . When I needed to temporarily shorten up the lead by sliding it through my other hand it was very uncomfortable . I also doubt the longevity of this product due to being only finished on one side . It would more easily soak up moisture.If you wear gloves or do n't mind a rough feeling leash then this will work for you . It is very thick leather with what appears to be a sturdy clasp.I returned this item after our first walk today . ** Not sure if the other reviewer got the same leash I did because this is not soft in any sense of the word . **
 I was looking forward to receiving and using this leash , as I remember Hamilton products as being pretty good . I was disappointed . It 's supposed to be black , and instead is sort of a mottled greenish black . I tried lightly oiling the leather , thinking that would help , but it did n't . Also , one section of the leather is thinner and stretchier than the rest . Not only does it look bad , it will not stand up to a dog that pulls , as mine does . The snap is the right color and weight , and looks good.I would return the item , but probably ca n't , due to having tried oiling it to even up the color and condition it ... not to mention the hassle . I will probably just donate it to the local animal shelter .
 I got this scoop , figuring that because it had holes instead of `` slots '' that it would n't A. take too much clean litter with the clumps , or B. allow small pieces of broken clumps to fall through the holes . Well , it works great for A , but lousy for B . The holes are pretty large , large enough to let pieces of broken clumps pass through , which you then have to go back and pick out with another scoop or your hands -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- . The good
 Pretty much my dog just shoves this thing off the couch and lays there anyway . There is no rubber or anything on the bottom to help prevent it moving .
 I got 2 of these mats to keep our cat away from the gas heater in our new apartment . Aside from one major design flaw they work great , and the cat is no longer lying/sitting next to the heater.The design flaw is the spaces between the plastic `` spokes '' that kitty can fit his paws in . He 's no longer lying in front of it all the time , but still occasionally squats in front of it and claws at the bottom of the unit . So for my purpose , they are flawed , as the cat can still get to the heater.Since these are useful , I wo n't be returning them . Instead I 'm going to buy the solid mats so that the cat ca n't maneuver around the nubbed areas . If you 're trying to keep a cat or small dog away from something instead of jumping on top of something , the solid mats will likely work much better .
 Did nothing to deter my cats . The one even layed on it . Save your money . It is really to large as well to lay on most counter tops .
 My dog does avoid sitting on these mats when they are on the couch . However , he likes to pull them off and chew on them . So , these are essentially useless in stopping my dog from getting on the couch
 I figured with the nubs on this , that it would deter my cat from getting up on stuff -LRB- table , counter , stove , my computer desk ... -RRB- . But it failed to do so , I was n't sure why since it seemed uncomfortable to step on . I had it laying on my computer desk while I was cat sitting and saw the cat get on my desk and step in the gaps in it ... They should have the holes small enough where a paw could n't fit in there easily . For now I 'm thinking of using a cardboard with tape backing on it .
 I purchased these mats in hopes of keeping my 5 dogs off of the couch . My Lab mix pushes the mats up with his nose and flips them off the couch . My pits have learned to position their paws in the open areas and get to the couch arms to sit . My cat just lays on the mats as if they were pillows ! I do not recommend this product at all .
 If cats could laugh they would have been cracking up over this product . A couple of them even took naps on it !
 The hole in the center make it useless . The pet can walk around in it.Buy the one that has only a hand-hold opening , not this one !!!!!
 My dog just pushes it over and still lies on the couch . So this did not deter her at all Sorry
 I have multiple indoor cats . Unfortunately , some of them `` miss by a mile '' the litter box in favor of certain corners in the house.Upon receiving TEN mats , I thoroughly cleaned the corners and put the mats in place . The cats either walked in the spaces of the mats , -LRB- why are there spaces ? -RRB- or endured pain to get back into their corners.I realize that training does n't happen overnight , but the mats are based on the notion that the `` fingers '' will cause discomfort , and thus discourage a negative behavior.Did not happen in my household , , to my regret . My husband points out that an office chair mat , turned upside down , would be far more uncomfortable for the cats , as would -LRB- I believe -RRB- one of those door mats that 's made of stiff bristles.We are disappointed , but if your cat is a wimp , give it a try .
 Great idea but my cat just walked through FOUR of these without an issue . He just walked right through where the mats have holes so to him it just a minor issue which did n't stop him from jumping on whatever he wanted . I am going to try the other X-Mats that have the spikes EVERYWHERE instead of this model which leaves huge gaps where your pet can walk right through !
 Great idea but my cat just walked through FOUR of these without an issue . He just walked right through where the mats have holes so to him it just a minor issue which did n't stop him from jumping on whatever he wanted . I am going to try the other X-Mats that have the spikes EVERYWHERE instead of this model which leaves huge gaps where your pet can walk right through !
 I was really hopeful after reading the reviews on this site and others , so I ordered two of these mats . I put one on the counter , and immediately my cat jumped onto the counter and expertly avoided the mat . So , I put the mats side-by-side on the counter , insuring there was absolutely no way he cound jump onto the counter without jumping onto the prickly mats . He 's unphased . I do n't get it , but the mats are absolutely not a deterrent . He does n't seem to mind being poked in the paws . I 'm so surprised these do n't work given everything I 've read that I had to write a review so that others are at least warned of the possibility .
 I do not have space in my kitchen to cover every inch with these mats , especially since the mat comes in only 1 size -- large square . So my 7-month-old kitten just jumps next to the mat and then steps in the holes to get where he is going . I do not know if I will buy more of these .
 NOT GOOD FOR PETS ! People think this is cute and manufacturers advertise laser pointers as fun or good exercise for cats or dogs but experts agree-it can easily created a compulsive disorder . Dog and cats have been known to stare at walls for days waiting for the light to reappear or dig compulsively on carpets or furniture trying to find when the light was last seen . Want multiple holes in your yard ? Play with a laser pointer , pretty much guaranteed . Want to mess up your pet ? Use a laser .
 My cat would not use it except for urine and it just laid there . I threw it out and went back to regular clumping litter .
 This particular product is not truly epoxy in that it WILL create a fit between two rocks -LRB- etc -RRB- , but does NOT adhere them . It 's consistency and adhesiveness is comparable to dried bubble gum , so keep that in mind . It is useful if used in conjunction with superglue , but at that point it kind of defeats the purpose in my opinion . I would not recommend it .
 AquaStik Epoxy is really good at some applications , and really not great at others . Firstly , it 's fantastic at affixing your live rock in a reef tank or FOWLR . It 's not so great at affixing a plug for a frag into the live rock unless you have holes that it can squish into . If you 're trying to get a piece of coral on a plug stuck into a more difficult area , you 're going to end up frustrated with this epoxy . It has a very weak hold and even when applied if you have larger fish -LRB- or in my case an eel -RRB- they will eventually knock the entire piece of coral free.Another drawback is the smell and the fact you have to hand mix the putty together , if you have sensitive skin it will burn your fingers and be very uncomfortable . If you do n't , you 'll still notice the heat . It 's very easy to over mix the epoxy in which case you 've rendered it useless . The stench is incredible -LRB- as should be expected -RRB- so the entire application can become unpleasant . I tend to think that aquascaping should be an enjoyable thing , even if you 're peppering in profanity because a rock is shifting or your coral does n't look `` just right '' . You do n't need to muck it up with further with stinging fingers and an acrid smell.A plus is that it does really mimic the appearance of purple/red coralline algae so it will blend in if your live rock is sufficiently covered . Another is that because of its impermanent nature in an active reef tank you are just using it long enough for coral to grow into/onto the rock . If you 're looking for a better solution with more varied uses than a putty I 'd suggestCorAffix Cyanoacrylate AdhesiveorCorAffix Cyanoacrylate Adhesive Gel - 0.7 oz . .
 I purchased a pair of these basking lamps for our aquatic turtles terrarium . The first one burned out within 10 days . So , I felt lucky that I 'd purchased a second one - but it lasted less than 20 days . So , a total 30 days for 2 lamps . Maybe Zoo Med thinks that 's a bargain , but I 'm looking for a more reliable , long lasting product .
 I purchased this item based on the reviews . I used this for an aquatic turtle tank 8-10 hours per day . It burned out after a few weeks of use , although it did work well for the short time it lasted .
 I thought this item is a good replacement but I was wrong . Bulb burnt out in a few weeks . I bought this item based on good reviews but it was n't as good as I expected .
 I purchased this product at a LFS 100 miles from home , and the little needle that floats conveniently gets stuck when I fill the hydrometer with water . The coralife `` deep 6 '' hydrometer I borrowed from a friend is quite accurate and puts this instant ocean product to shame.Boo .
 Purchased this for my new saltwater tank . Very simple readings and accurate ! I am a Lab technologist and have tested this alongside our own methods of testing body fluids and they are nearly identical ! Not bad comparing five bucks to five hundred in terms of equipment ! great buyEDIT !!! BROKE WITHIN 2 MONTHS !!! JUNK . The center piece holding the meter fell out and thus rendering it useless . Save your money for a refractometer ! These are garbage
 soon as i received product followed instructions rinced it out soaked in vinagar . when put in water did not know where full line wase.old ones had a line . then i was getting all kinds of wacky readings . so i compared it with my friends i noticed that the center piece in the middle of the lever was missing . i am sending it back and it probably will coast amazon more money to return it than to just tell me to deep six it . any way wont be buying this product again
 About the Instant Ocean Hydrometer I will give 2 stars because the measure isnt accurate , I have to make several test to get the results . I would preffer a refractemeter
 I bought this to compare to the previous generation of Oceanic Hydrometers . Even after breaking in , it read 0.004 higher than my old meter . This prompted me to buy a refractometer which confirmed this hydrometer consistently measures 0.002 higher than the actual salinity.This product is fine for fish , but I would n't recommend it for a reef / invert . tank .
 Bought this to test the water in my marine aquarium . It 's way off ! Said the specific gravity was 1.022 when it was actually a extreme low 1.015 . Lucky for me it 's a new set up and no fish yet or else I 'd be out a lot more money for sure . And yes I rinsed very well before and after use .
 I set up a saltwater tank about 6 months ago and the LFS recommended this hydrometer to me . I was impressed with the accuracy claim so I did n't think twice about shelling out the money for it . When I started using it to check newly mixed water , I kept finding that the salinity level was lower than it should be . 1.020 instead of 1.024 that the water should have came out at . -LRB- Instant Ocean Salt Mix -RRB- I kept thinking I was doing something wrong . In the end , I discovered with a refractometer that the hydrometer is n't accurate to .001 like it claims . When the hydrometer said my water was at 1.022 , the refractometer showed it to actually be 1.027 . I lost several hundred dollars in fish due to this piece of junk . Yes , I did rinse it after each use and rinsed it with tank water before each test , and tested twice .
 This is not accurate at all , mine reads 1.032 at all times . even with tap water . do n't be cheap just buy a refracometer .
 I definitely do not recommend this product ! My vet gave me this stuff for my cat because she has ear allergies . He said that keeping her ears cleaned about once a week with this stuff would help her ears . Well , I ca n't use this stuff with my cat because she HATES it when I put this in her ears . I do it as gently as I can but it seems to only irritate her ears more than anything . I definitely DO NOT recommend this product .
 I owned a cocker spaniel who just passed away this week . He had chronic ear infection , and I used Epi-Otic for a long time to keep both ears clean and fresh for him -LRB- it was his vet 's suggestion -RRB- . The vets could n't see through the ear canal , and they did n't realize that a tumor was developing inside one ear , because it seems like Epi-Otic ca n't take everything off . As soon as I changed to another product , the ear canal was free and the vet could see this tumor that was already too big and very close to the brain , and when my dog went for surgery to remove it , he passed away ... it was too late .
 I purchased one of these to exercise my kittens . I got in early january , and it broke today , march 1st . My kittens are about 6 months old . The rod snapped just below the hinge , where the slider is . Save your money and by ice fishing rod and reel for the same amount . Beware , it is your typical `` made in China '' kind of product/plastic . I loved this thing , when it worked , got the cats going and focused and worked great in that respect . The line is weak and you 'll spend a lot of time retying it , and you will learn about the inner workings of the reel because it gets jammed on the regular . And now that it 's broke and the whole thing is garbage and not reusable , I 'm disappointed.I highly recommend the lures , and I will continue to reuse them . But I will replace this with a ice fishing rod and reel that can handle being used .
 We had three of these fishing rods . Each one of them broke within first 30 minutes of play . What a waste !
 While a great idea , manufacturer should have truly TESTED this before putting it on the market . My cat loved it , but how sad that it constantly broke down - the line gets wound up inside the reel cover and casting is impossible until you get out your tools and take it all apart , cut the line & re-attach it . You hands will also get very greasy . AFTER 10 DAYS OF FIXING IT , THERE WAS N'T MUCH LINE LEFT AND THE FRUSTRATION LEVEL GROWS EACH TIME YOU HAVE TO FIX IT - EVEN THOUGH YOU GET PRETTY GOOD AT THE REPAIR AFTER A COUPLE OF TIMES , IT 'S JUST CRAZY TO SPEND MORE TIME ON REPAIR THEN PLAYING WITH YOUR CAT!Not worth any money but if they could fix it , it would be great ! I wo n't bother calling BAMBOO as others here said they wo n't reply ... I 'll make my own . BAMBOO-PLS TAKE THIS OFF THE MARKET UNTIL YOU CAN MAKE ONE THAT CASTS WITHOUT THE LINE GETTING WOUND UP INSIDE THE REEL !
 I had gotten two of these and shortly after they were both broken . The reel is sitting in my cabinet in hopes that I will fix it , but I found that a child 's rod and the replacement mice work the best . In fact , I ordered 4 packs of the replacement mice because my cats really liked playing with even without the rod . The mice are now packaged in packs of 3 instead of 4 even though it says different on the website . I 'm disappointed that the company has n't fixed the defect in the toy , but perhaps it was meant so people would replace a great cat toy . Sorry to say , other than the mice -LRB- which ca n't really break -RRB- I wo n't be buying any of their cat toys .
 My cat had a great time with this toy but we had two break , each within one day of purchasing them . The spooling device seems to malfunction and when I wrote the company , I did n't receive a reply . Great concept but you could pick up a child 's fishing rod and have the same kind of fun for a lot less .
 Same as several other reviews
 I would love this product if it did n't break so easily . I never saw my cats go as crazy for a cat toy as they did with the fishing rod so I really wish it worked . I even brought the first one back hoping it was just a defect but the second one I got in exchange broke even quicker . I tried an hour to try and fix it but to no avail . I left a message with the manufacturer of this product , Bamboo Pets , but no one called me back . I am so frustrated !
 I 'd seen others say that this had broke on them but I thought , `` I 'm very careful with my things and I 'm good at repairing stuff too - this should n't be a problem ... '' Wrong ! I can get in to the details of how this is poorly designed and how it was a nightmare to even try to fix but just reflecting back on it is too painful . Yes your kitty will probably like it but it is n't worth the trouble and there are other better options . I got a small , kids size reel and have n't had any problems .
 This is a fun toy except it has one MAJOR problem . My kitty got the fishing wire wrapped around his neck and it scared the heck out of him !!! The poor guy hissed and ran around with the toy dragging behind him which only made it tighter , and it did n't break right away . I had to catch him and break the line myself and he was so scared of it we threw it away immediately.This is a DANGEROUS toy and I do not recommend it !!!
 I agree with both the reviews that are currently here . This is a great , fun product , for both myself and my cat , yet it breaks way too easily.The first one broke after about ten minutes of play . The line snapped , and spending over an hour trying to fix it , I failed . I even called Bamboo customer service to see if they had any tips on fixing it , but they never called me back.I sent it back as defective , and Amazon sent me a new one . That one too , broke right away , with the same problem in about five minutes.I sent that one back today , and I 'm awaiting my refund from Amazon.As somebody else here said , and as my dad suggested , use a real fishing rod which is n't cheaply made like this piece of junk .
 This is a really good idea for a cat toy -- I 'm sure that my feline friend and I would still be playing with it today , were it not for the fact that the reel snagged up 15 minutes after I took it out of the packaging . I spent about 2 hours trying to unsnag it , but it just was n't happening . My recommendation
 My cats love this when it is working but , unfortunately , it jams up too easily/frequently . We 've spent way too much time -LRB- hours and hours -RRB- fixing it and now we have thrown it away -LRB- after two months -RRB- . Here is some advice to the distributor if they are reading - fix the design flaw and re-introduce the product . In the meantime , buyer beware
 We 've tried this toy twice , and BOTH times after 15 minutes of playing with our cats , it has broken . NOT worth the money !!!
 THIS IS A HORRIBLE TOY FOR A CAT . It started out so much fun . The cat loved the toy and so did my six year old daughter . Tuns of gigggles until the Matti caught the mouse and the line snapped and the force of the snap caused the mouse to go down Matti 's throat . Matti started choaking and we rushed him to the vet . An x-ray was ran , but of course not all things show up on x-ray so we were sent home and told that the mouse is to hard for him to poop out ; therefore , we he will either live with it or one day we will find him in severe pain and only at that time will they remove the mouse . I am now looking for another vet who is willing to remove the mouse from Matti 's stomach because we are now in constant fear of leaving him home alone . We fear we will come home to a dead cat and our 6year old will blame herself . We have explained this is a defective toy . This toy like any child toy is a choke hazard and should either be fixed or taken off the market ! No family should go through what we are now going through ! I do n't want anything out of this , but people please be aware that this is a very BAD PRODUCT !
 I bought 3 of these things , only to constantly keep fixing them , then tossing them in the trash over the years . I kept hoping it would be made better or improved , but it is always poorly made for the long-haul of reeling in the kitties . The cats definitely love this though , but I 'm not buying anymore . It 's just too pricey.If you do buy it , be ready with needlenose pliers to take apart the reel and keep fixing it because you 'll have to do that . Then there 's the black gunk from the grease you 'll get all over yourself too . Ugh ... I still have one , but ca n't bring myself to fix it again because of the black gunk I 'll get under my nails again .
 The stand seemed ... well ... rickety . It was too short to use on our chameleon cage . The stand was tipsy and seemed cheaply made . Not for us . You would likely need to attach it to the side of a cage to get it to be steady .
 From the description and price , I knew this would be a cheap product . But , this was even more craptacular than I thought it would be . One of the screw holes is so tight that the screw got jammed . The knobs are just a soft plastic clamped on one end . While trying to get the screw out , the plastic knob partially disconnected and just spins freely now . That screw is n't moving anywhere unless I take a hammer to it now . I need the stand ASAP though , and ca n't get another one in time . Oh well . You get what you pay for . -LRB- I do n't blame Amazon ... this is a manufacturing issue -RRB-
 The hole for two of the knobs were n't the correct size . Knobs would n't go all the way in and then they got stuck so pole and arm could not be adjusted and secured . Item appeared to have been opened already ; rods were not secured to cardboard and twisty ties were untwisted . Interior cardboard packaging was torn .
 The structure is a little wobbly , and it says you can use the double dome light fixture with it , but it only has a place to run one cord , so the other is left dangling and it does n't look very good .
 This product would 've been fine if I knew it was just a stand and not a lamp ... guess it was my own fault because it did say &#34; lamp stand &#34; on it . . but the picture of the lamp got me . . lol Must say that I returned this item back to Amazon and it was easy and they had the money back in my account quick with no hassle !!! That is why I continue to use Amazon !
 My zoo-med lamp stand came in the mail today and I was very excited about it . I opened the box and started to put it together . Everything was going well until I got to the top part of the stand . The hole for the screw was n't even punched all the way through and when I tried to put the screw/knob in the hole it would n't go all the way and then it got stuck . Maybe it was just bad luck , but I would n't trust buying this item from Amazon .
 I 've been purchasing Zoo Med 50 and 75 watts Nocturnal Infrared Heat Lamps for over 7 years for my lizards . Up until about 2 years ago , the bulbs were manufactured in Belgium or in France , and the quality was quite good with the bulbs lasting beyond the rated 3000 hours and sometimes up to 6 months . About two years ago , the packaging indicated that the bulbs were manufactured in EU . I 'm not sure what EU represents . Subsequently , the life span of the bulbs began to diminish to the point that it lasted only 3 months or less , far less than the rated 3000 hours . I am in the process of evaluating bulbs supplied by Fluker and Exo-Terra to see if I have better luck with those brands . I am reluctant to buy any more Zoo Med bulbs .
 I ordered two of these 150W lamps and neither bulbs lasted more than approximately 1500 hours . Half of what they 're supposed to . Expensive . Where does one complain ?
 Wish I knew how it was `` supposed '' to work . Plugged it in and it fogged up , and then died . When i tried taking it out of the lamp , it separated at the base . not happy at all . went and picked up another one at my local Walmart . Since I did n't want to wait for the shipping which was 4 days past the expected delivery date . And my lamp is n't faulty . Works fine with other lights .
 This light burned out in less than 3 weeks . Save your money for some other brand . Its a very expensive light for only lasting 3 weeks .
 Maybe I did n't use them as designed . I had them outdoors to heat my chicken coop . I bought 2 , and each one lasted about 2 weeks .
 I have it setup on a dimmer switch and it lasted one night . Not worth the hassle to send it back .
 I used this for only 21 nights before the light burnt out . Maybe it was just a defect , but I wo n't buy another one .
 I ordered this item in a rush when I was leaving for vacation . The titles on the item description and image do not match . I needed a 50W bulb and received a 75W one which overheated my gecko 's tank to an extreme . The gecko lived but only because I have an intelligent and observant pet sitter . Unfortunately she threw away the packaging so I doubt there 's anything I can do . If you 're looking for a 75W bulb this one probably works fine .
 The spot lamps I received came in a timely fashion , work well , and werehalf the price I have been paying.My snake Mark is very happy .
 This bulb was broken when it arrived , but because I waited so long to open it , I could n't return it
 This was advertised in a misleading way - with a picture of a lamp , but it only included the light bulb , not the lamp - so we ended up having to go to a local pet store to get a lamp -LRB- which already included the bulb so was a waste of money -RRB- .
 It lasted two weeks , and that 's only a few hours a day . The bulb seperated , fell and shattered . And that was when I turned it on . JUNK !
 I bought this light for my breaded dragon on apirl 30th and it is now may 25th and it burned out on me in not even a months time ! this is a waste of your money even if it is somewhat cheat . I wouldnt have minded if i blew out at 3 months but NOT EVEN A MONTH is rediculious !! BAD PRODUCT
 I bought 3 of these lights and 1 has already gone bad on me . It did n't last a month . So far the other one I 've put in has been working properly . The 1st one may not have been a good bulb , we 'll see .
 I was really excited about his collar . I loved the idea of a retractable handle , which would make it easier for me to control my dog when going out for a quick bathroom run . Although the collar appears well-constructed , it started to fray almost immediately . I am constantly trimming away loose threads . Not only is this annoying , it 's shoddy workmanship . Very disappointing .
 I 've tried this brand in addition to a few others with the same end result
 This is a great idea for a collar . I loved it when I first received it . The next day I noticed the collar was starting to fray quite a bit , which continued to get worse . I finally had to throw it out after about a week . I 'm not sure if this was a fluke or not . I have an English Mastiff , who is a large lazy dog .
 My 7 month old dog plays with the neighbor 's 75 lb Malmute / wolf puppy and somehow they managed to chew this collar off ! This did n't happen with my dog 's previous collar , which was a cheap 1 inch collar purchased at Ross 's dress for less . It 's a good design idea , really helps to control your pet with gentle guiding when a leash is n't handy .
 I bought 2 of these for over my turtle tank to light and heat him everyday , I figured since it IS a REPTILE BULB it will work great . No both of these bulbs are HIGHLY faulty . Neither filament has burned out but the bulbs have both stopped conducting already each within 2 weeks after starting use of them . Neither works in any light fixture in my house.They were on roughly 10 hours per day , when you consider the fact that prior to using these lights I only changed his heat bulb once every 3 or so months . I can pretty confidently say they cheaped out on testing the functionality of these bulbs and made an inferior product due to this . NEVER buying these `` European quality for longer burn life '' bulbs again , they are crap .
 Did not last long at all and I did not use it 24/7 . I alternate between the day and night bulbs . I do not recommed purchasing this product . The Zoo Med night bulb is excellent and lasts a long time and use it on my box turtle .
 First I would like to say that I am normally very impressed with my amazon purchases . In this instance I was not . This has to be the lowest quality bulb I have ever purchased . I bought it because the price seemed very attractive and now I know why . I do n't know if it was an old dated bulb or simply a poor quality bulb but it was a waste of my money . It worked just long enough not to be able to return it ... too bad .
 This is a joke , right ? I received the bulb , and within a few hours after installation , it was broken . The glass bulb had broken off of the metal fixture . I emailed the company 2 times -LRB- once via amazon and once directly to the company -RRB- to complain and ask for a refund , and I have received two email replies from the Mail Delivery Subsystem saying that my email was being ignored . I literally had to use a potato to remove the remains of the bulb from the socket . I would not recommend purchasing anything from this seller .
 Unfortunately like other reviewers I found this bulb to last 1/5 the time of the ones I usually buy locally . Amazon should really discontinue these .
 We paid $ 8 for one of these at a local petsmart . It lasted a week and a half . I thought it was a fluke and picked up another 60 watt Zoo Med blue `` daylight '' bulb for the anoles . The second one lasted two weeks . I am a busy Mom and stuck a 75 cent 60 watt regular bulb in the anoles lamp until I could get around to `` amazoning '' a decent 5 star review bulb . A few months later -LRB- and two anoles happy and warm with a cheap regular bulb -RRB- My husband came home from petsmart again with dogfood and a $ 20 combo pack of Zoo Med brand 60 watt daylight and nightlight bulbs and the blue daylight bulb lasted ... i kid you not ... 3 days . Dont buy this brand !!!
 I bought this for my pet turtle and it lasted 5 days . I kept it on for about 12-15 hours a day . So if you do the math it lasted for about 75 hours . I would not recommend buying these bulbs . If you read the product details it says it is guaranteed 1000 hours .
 I ordered these bulbs for my bearded dragon and the bulbs did not last long at all , two only lasted a few nights ! I pay more at the store but they last much longer .
 It lasted one day . I bought it at a local Petco for about $ 4 and screwed it into the dome -LRB- with a 60-watt maximum -RRB- and it did n't work by day two .
 It burned out in an hour . I was using it in a brand new hood on my turtle aquarium . I replaced it with a plain white incandescent and it 's fine . So it 's not the hood . Do n't waste your money on this bulb .
 These bulbs simply do n't last . My first purchase lasted less than 30 days . I contacted Zoo Med directly by phone , and they did state that the bulbs are warranted for 90 days . After I emailed them a copy of my receipt , they did send me a new one , and I figured what are the odds that a 2nd one will go bad THAT quickly.Well , apparently the odds are pretty good , because slightly over a month after Zoo Med sent the replacement , it has burned out also.The actual glowing filaments on them do n't burn out , but the stiff wire in the glass tube at the base of the bulb melted apart on each bulb . Odd for the bigger wire to burn , while leaving the filament intact.Even though the company did back up the bulb with a free replacement , I wo n't be buying any of these again . It is n't worth the hassle to have to call for a replacement every 1 or 2 months , particularly for a bulb that cost as much as these . They should simply make them correctly from the outset .
 I was disappointed by this item as I was expecting 60 watts , based on the picture for the listing . I really needed a warming bulb and did n't have time to go to the pet store for a replacement .
 this product did not last . the bulb bernt out within 2 weeks of very minor use.lss that 4 hours of use !
 I bought several different bulbs to try out for my tortoise . I only used this one for a few hours at night and it blew within two weeks . A complete waste of money .
 Bulb stopped working in two days . I purchased , hoping to save a little money , and should have just purchased at Petco or PetSmart instead . Huge disappointment as this was the one that I needed most !!! Wo n't be buying from this seller again . Bulb was not wrapped very well . Purchased other watt bulbs , from other Amazon sellers , and they were wrapped very well and still are working.Zoo Med Nightlight Red Reptile Bulb 60 Watts
 I had two options when ordering a red bulb for my chicken coop
 I used this light bulb as a basking lamp for my two yellow bellied sliders . They would enjoy it , so no complaints there . However , after 3 months of discontinuous use , the filament broke . I always turned it off during the night at around 12am and turned it on again during morning . Maybe it would have lasted longer if I kept it on 24 hours like it was designed to do?Bought a second one on Amazon again . This one lasted only a month and a half . If anyone can find a better value with a different bulb please leave a comment .
 My snakes really liked the light and came out of their hide holes to explore more but , the bulb only last 11 days before going out .
 Really not happy with this bulb , bought it for my little sulcata and keep on at night for 8hrs and after the second night of being on for 3hrs it blew . . $ 7 is alot for a bulb that blew only lasting 12hrs . .
 I thought I would give this bulb a chance even though I read other negative reviews . I received this bulb on Thursday . It was well packaged , surrounded in bubble wrap and perfectly boxed . It lasted about two days . It burned out sometime in the middle of Saturday night . I have had several heat bulbs varying in brand and strength over several years . Never have I ever had this problem . I just hope that it was n't off for too long . My Brazilian rainbow boa loves his heat !
 Installed it Friday evening and it burned out sometime Sunday night . Now I 'm trying a Zoo Med Nocturnal Infrared Incandescent Heat Lamp -LRB- also 100 watts -RRB- , but I 've had similar bad luck with that model and every 100-watt red heat lamp I 've purchased from Amazon . Could it have something to do with shipping ? This one was shipped with heavier items but did n't seem damaged . All the lower wattage heat lamps -LRB- including Exo Terra Night Glo -RRB- have worked well , but they 've never been shipped with heavier items .
 lasted 6 weeks then inexplicably went out . not sure if i got a dud or if others have experienced this .
 This leash was a little pricey but when the package arrived it seemed like it might be worth the price , it felt sturdy and had a nice grip . The problem is that the leash does n't retract very well so any quick movements by my dog results is a wrap up that has to be untangled.When the leash gets wet it becomes worse , we have to dry it out to get the leash back in the handle , too bad as I like the feel and it appears well made , just poorly engineered .
 I have a miniature poodle . NOT a big dog , right ? I have the large Power Walker , figured it 'd hold up longer than the cheapo brand retractable leash we were finally retiring after about 7 years . Nope . This thing lasted about 6 months , and now wo n't retract . I tried to take it apart to fix it , but even that is n't cooperating with me . For the money these things cost , you 'd expect it to last a bit longer . Do yourself a favor and get the store brand -- that way , if it only lasts a few months -LRB- which it probably wo n't -- it 'll probably last years -RRB- you wo n't have lost buckets of cash on it .
 I bought this leash for my daughter 's new puppy . I bought it for a large dog , since the puppy is a Lab/Rot mix , but the puppy only weighs 30 pounds now . Within two weeks we had to throw this in the trash . The leash itself broke twice . We had to tie it back together . My husband took the handle apart and fixed it twice . This was a waste of our money !
 The product seemed to be a good quality device . It felt sturdy . But the spring broke at 6 months . I have small well trained dogs . Let one out at my inlaw ` shouse to go potty -LRB- no fense -RRB- . He went to a far bush and I heard a pop . He was walking and sniffing . Wo n't retract anymore and does n't even make a nice Nylon Leash . I was so disapointed . Only lasted 6 months - about 20 uses .
 Bought this leash out of desperation , could n't find the Flexi brand that I had for my other dog . Before one month was up , it stopped retracting unless I slapped it a few times . The spring was weak and pretty ineffective from the beginning . Very expensive and if extended to the limit , it is nearly impossible to retract . Has resulted in my dog coming close to getting into bad situations since I ca n't control the dog properly once the leash is extended if I need to reel her in quickly . Very angry and disgusted with this product . Utter garbage , and I will never buy anything from this company again . Would rate this zero stars if I could .
 I did subscribe and save for these chicken tenders - 2 packages per month . The first two batches were fine and I thought they were priced fairly . The last batch arrived and in both packages the treats were darker brown like they were overcooked -LRB- instead of that light golden color -RRB- and they were hard as bricks . All of my dogs are small - 15 pounds or less . My yorkie nearly choked on one of them I have been giving my dogs chicken tender jerkies for over 2 years . I am going to allow one more shipment of these to see if they improve and if they are still this bad , I will cancel my subscription .
 IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL TO NOT LABEL THAT THESE ARE MADE IN CHINA . Here I am trying to do something nice for my dog , only to find out that I poisoned him . This just makes me so sick and angry !!!!!!
 I ordered these for my pug . You ca n't get more natural than an actual slice of chicken right ? I was very wrong.I immediately noticed how hard and dry these chicken strips were . I cut one in half using poultry shears and let the dog try one . My dog began choking on the piece of Cadet brand chicken . I had to physically pull it from his throat because it would n't dislodge itself due to how hard and dry it was.Then , while checking the packaging , I read the words that every pet owner dreads ... &#34; Made in China &#34; ... which I 'm pretty sure translates to &#34; Pet Killers with sub-standard products &#34; . I immediately threw them out and purchased all-natural treats made in the USA . -LRB- Plato brand -RRB- . I would NEVER recommend this Chinese made brand -LRB- Cadet -RRB- to ANY pet owner . Amazon would do well to create a &#34; Made in the USA &#34; section on its web site to avoid crappy , dangerous products like this one .
 I gave my dog these chicken strips and he choked and gagged and could n't breath because he tried swallowing the piece whole . If I want to give him these treats , I have to make sure they are cut into little pieces before giving them to him .
 FDA Warns Chicken Jerky From China May Harm or Kill Your Dog . STOP USING THIS PRICEY JUNK NOW !! search `` chicken jerky treats china '' on google for more info and SPREAD THE WORD -LRB- some media coverage but way too little ... -RRB- I am `` fortunate '' ... my dog only suffered small amount of kidney damage -- others are not so lucky . TELL AMAZON NOT TO SELL CHINESE CHICKEN JERKY .
 The strips were to hard and like rubber . I bought the strips from another dealer at a earlier time and they were fine . I will go back to my original dealer .
 Two or three months ago , I subscribed to this company for automatic delivery of their dried chicken `` breasts '' each month . When this month 's order arrived , I allowed my Golden Retriever to eat one only . Within a short time he became severely ill and continued vomiting repeatedly throughout the entire night . I am a retired attorney/judge . I do not become hysterical over every complaint that makes a claim that some product or other can kill your pet . Now , I greatly regret my cavalier attitude about this particular item . Had my Golden been weakened in any other way , I do not believe he would have survived this incident.My on-going purchase of this product despite prior bad press and numerous complaints was foolish . But I trusted that the distributors of the dried chicken `` breasts '' would monitor this product more closely after the first recall of this product so that no other animals would be harmed . Such was clearly not the case . In fact , it appears that the only action the U.S. distributors took after the last recall was to print on each package that the product had come from the United States . Closer inspection however reveals that although this product was packaged in the U.S. , it continued to be imported from China.Amazon is by far the best retailer on the Internet by far . My complaint is not against Amazon . But I feel compelled to alert other potential customers regarding the poisoning my dog suffered -LRB- and he did suffer -RRB- . I can imagine other pets who are smaller , older , or in some other way more vulnerable than my Golden , would and could actually die if they consumed even the smallest amount of this product . It 's true that this was not the case every month . Rather it is an intermittent but on-going problem.I can not emphasize enough how serious this problem is . It is absolutely necessary to eliminate the distribution of this product in the U.S. once and for all . Please Amazon , end your involvement in this matter .
 This is made in China . Please do a search on ` china dog chicken jerky '' if you have n't yet learned about these products .
 I just both these because of the 4 star review . I have a boxer that can eat almost anything except for these . He loves chickenstrips but these made him real sick and started to throw up . As soon as I stopped feeding these to him he has slowly recovered and has not thrown up since . If I had know these were from China I would have been more observant . Not to take any further risk I decided to throw all of them out .
 My two pugs love these chicken strips!However , the packaging is so bad I have to move them into another container after opening . The supposed resealable bag does n't reseal . Go figure!Also , in the last year the individual strips -LRB- fresh right out of the bag -RRB- have become too large , too hard , and way too brittle in texture for my two guys.Time to find another brand , of which there are several!Mark
 I stopped buying wagon trail because they fillets got so small and I have chow chow 's . I 'm on auto ship now getting the cadet brand and they were large fillets and thick and now they have become small and thiner . Whats up , you pay the same price for a smaller amount and a smaller item and for large dogs they want several pieces now because they have gotten so small . Not happy I am thinking of canceling my futher shipments unless they fix this issue .
 I had to replace the battery overnight ... . I would n't recommend and I 'm taking it back to the store tomorrow
 I look with envy at the folks who purchased this unit and were able to get a whole month out of a battery . My batteries only last a week . I have tried everything to prolong battery life . I turned the unit off . I took the battery out and stored it separately . Still I got a week -LRB- max -RRB- out of a battery . I even tried adapting the battery holder to use the lower cost -LRB- non-petsafe -RRB- batteries - but the hassle involved with using this collar are so significant that I am just sick of it . I would welcome any advice on other collars that work with this unit - but have longer life batteries . Right now the unit is worthless .
 We bought this collar at a local pet store and it worked at first . But now it does n't really phase him . He does n't like to wear the collar so just showing it to him is effective 25 % of the time . But if he is already worked up by someone in the house or knocking at the door , forget it ! I will continue to try and find a way to train my little dog to stop the barking . He is a Maltese and the high pitched yap that comes out of his little body is enough to make a person jump off a bridge . By the way , the other comments are correct . The battery life is extremely short on this collar .
 I have two collars . The Big one for my lab works ten times better . The little one doesnt react anywhere near as quick as the big one . Plus its ten times more expensive . Since the battery is Twelve bucks a month plus shipping . Since they rigged it to constantly drain the battery so they make a ton of money on the batteries .
 The collar and unit work well , but as everybody else said , it eats batteries . The company said that having it against metal will diminish battery life , so we got a harness instead -LRB- no tags -RRB- . This still did n't work . We turn it off at night when we take it off . It 's too much of a hassle to turn it on only when she is outside . We have gotten to where we let her use it without a battery and she seems to still know the boundaries . Then , we replace the battery to switch it up . Good product , bad battery .
 The only way to keep this collar from eating up batteries is to literally turn it off when the dog is not outside . It has an on/off switch where you insert a coin to rotate it to the off position . They do n't make this clear enough regarding battery , if they had I would n't have bought it . I got it because of the levels of correction . I already had collars and their batteries lasted up to 12 months but one dog needed something a little stronger .
 As with all the other reviews -LRB- which I wish I had read BEFORE I bought this money pit -RRB- the unit is a battery draining hog . It does not work as well as the larger collars either . Due to the units smaller size our dog has to be right up on the wire to get a warning unlike the larger unit which can give anywhere from 3-10 ft of warning . I wish I would never had purchased this thing ... Petsafe needs to make some major changes to make this item worth the money they are charging .
 The collar has a great design and worked great on our small dog for about a month ; however , the company placed a flashing light on the model which eats the battery in about a month . The replacement batteries are specially made by the company to fit the collar and run about $ 10.00 . Therefore , once you buy the collar to keep the collar operating for your dog you are looking at spending about $ 120 a year . The company has a slightly larger collar that does not have the flashing light that we use on our other small dog . Those batteries are also specially made by the company , but the battery lasts quite some time -LRB- over a year -RRB- . Although our other dog is bright and once he got popped a time or two does not come near the boundaries . I wish I would have never bought this product .
 I 've had one of these on our little dog for 3 months now and have gone through 3 batteries . The dog gets close enough to the fence to make the collar beep maybe once a week at the most , and the dog is smart so it has only been shocked a couple of times.You 've been warned . . if you buy one of these you 'll most likely be spending $ 100/year on batteries . You can hack the little battery holder apart and put in a standard CR-1 / 3N battery and save about $ 2/month , but it 's not easy cutting the battery holder apart . I 'm looking for a small 3v rechargeable battery I can sneak in there.Petsafe . . recall these .
 We have 2 small dogs and tried these collars . We were shocked to find that the batteries would only last 3-4 weeks and cost $ 10 each . With 2 dogs , that is over $ 240 a year in batteries . This week one of the collars broke and I called their customer service line . To send a replacement collar for warranty repair would cost me an $ 18 non refundable deposit . I gave them the choice of losing a customer or charging me $ 18 . They chose to lose a customer . Think twice before buying these collars ...
 I agree with everyone else - the price for batteries is totally rediculous ! We have to replace the battery every 3-4 weeks . When I called the customer service line they said the batteries can last up to 6 months depending on how often your dog touches the line . So I asked the representative , `` so you think my dog is shocking himself every day so that 's why the battery is dying so fast ? '' She basically said yes ! I do n't think my dog is that stupid , I think PetSafe is just that greedy !
 This was expensive , messy , and did absolutely nothing for my dogs ' fur . It 's basically a $ 20 bottle of vegetable oil .
 This product does not seem to be what it used to be . . It is an oily , messy product -- and my cat wo n't touch it . Formerly , the cat loved this stuff ; it was almost a treat . Now , no matter how I offer it , this cat wo n't come near it .
 This leash was a little pricey but when the package arrived it seemed like it might be worth the price , it felt sturdy and had a nice grip . The problem is that the leash does n't retract very well so any quick movements by my dog results is a wrap up that has to be untangled.When the leash gets wet it becomes worse , we have to dry it out to get the leash back in the handle , too bad as I like the feel and it appears well made , just poorly engineered .
 I have a miniature poodle . NOT a big dog , right ? I have the large Power Walker , figured it 'd hold up longer than the cheapo brand retractable leash we were finally retiring after about 7 years . Nope . This thing lasted about 6 months , and now wo n't retract . I tried to take it apart to fix it , but even that is n't cooperating with me . For the money these things cost , you 'd expect it to last a bit longer . Do yourself a favor and get the store brand -- that way , if it only lasts a few months -LRB- which it probably wo n't -- it 'll probably last years -RRB- you wo n't have lost buckets of cash on it .
 I bought this leash for my daughter 's new puppy . I bought it for a large dog , since the puppy is a Lab/Rot mix , but the puppy only weighs 30 pounds now . Within two weeks we had to throw this in the trash . The leash itself broke twice . We had to tie it back together . My husband took the handle apart and fixed it twice . This was a waste of our money !
 The product seemed to be a good quality device . It felt sturdy . But the spring broke at 6 months . I have small well trained dogs . Let one out at my inlaw ` shouse to go potty -LRB- no fense -RRB- . He went to a far bush and I heard a pop . He was walking and sniffing . Wo n't retract anymore and does n't even make a nice Nylon Leash . I was so disapointed . Only lasted 6 months - about 20 uses .
 Bought this leash out of desperation , could n't find the Flexi brand that I had for my other dog . Before one month was up , it stopped retracting unless I slapped it a few times . The spring was weak and pretty ineffective from the beginning . Very expensive and if extended to the limit , it is nearly impossible to retract . Has resulted in my dog coming close to getting into bad situations since I ca n't control the dog properly once the leash is extended if I need to reel her in quickly . Very angry and disgusted with this product . Utter garbage , and I will never buy anything from this company again . Would rate this zero stars if I could .
 you are the owner of a D-1 diatom filter.aside from the filter leaking and being poorly designed these bags are a pain to change/clean and pretty expensive to replace.it does what its supposed to but honnestly i dont think its worth more than 3 $
 This leash was a little pricey but when the package arrived it seemed like it might be worth the price , it felt sturdy and had a nice grip . The problem is that the leash does n't retract very well so any quick movements by my dog results is a wrap up that has to be untangled.When the leash gets wet it becomes worse , we have to dry it out to get the leash back in the handle , too bad as I like the feel and it appears well made , just poorly engineered .
 I have a miniature poodle . NOT a big dog , right ? I have the large Power Walker , figured it 'd hold up longer than the cheapo brand retractable leash we were finally retiring after about 7 years . Nope . This thing lasted about 6 months , and now wo n't retract . I tried to take it apart to fix it , but even that is n't cooperating with me . For the money these things cost , you 'd expect it to last a bit longer . Do yourself a favor and get the store brand -- that way , if it only lasts a few months -LRB- which it probably wo n't -- it 'll probably last years -RRB- you wo n't have lost buckets of cash on it .
 I bought this leash for my daughter 's new puppy . I bought it for a large dog , since the puppy is a Lab/Rot mix , but the puppy only weighs 30 pounds now . Within two weeks we had to throw this in the trash . The leash itself broke twice . We had to tie it back together . My husband took the handle apart and fixed it twice . This was a waste of our money !
 The product seemed to be a good quality device . It felt sturdy . But the spring broke at 6 months . I have small well trained dogs . Let one out at my inlaw ` shouse to go potty -LRB- no fense -RRB- . He went to a far bush and I heard a pop . He was walking and sniffing . Wo n't retract anymore and does n't even make a nice Nylon Leash . I was so disapointed . Only lasted 6 months - about 20 uses .
 Bought this leash out of desperation , could n't find the Flexi brand that I had for my other dog . Before one month was up , it stopped retracting unless I slapped it a few times . The spring was weak and pretty ineffective from the beginning . Very expensive and if extended to the limit , it is nearly impossible to retract . Has resulted in my dog coming close to getting into bad situations since I ca n't control the dog properly once the leash is extended if I need to reel her in quickly . Very angry and disgusted with this product . Utter garbage , and I will never buy anything from this company again . Would rate this zero stars if I could .
 This leash was a little pricey but when the package arrived it seemed like it might be worth the price , it felt sturdy and had a nice grip . The problem is that the leash does n't retract very well so any quick movements by my dog results is a wrap up that has to be untangled.When the leash gets wet it becomes worse , we have to dry it out to get the leash back in the handle , too bad as I like the feel and it appears well made , just poorly engineered .
 I have a miniature poodle . NOT a big dog , right ? I have the large Power Walker , figured it 'd hold up longer than the cheapo brand retractable leash we were finally retiring after about 7 years . Nope . This thing lasted about 6 months , and now wo n't retract . I tried to take it apart to fix it , but even that is n't cooperating with me . For the money these things cost , you 'd expect it to last a bit longer . Do yourself a favor and get the store brand -- that way , if it only lasts a few months -LRB- which it probably wo n't -- it 'll probably last years -RRB- you wo n't have lost buckets of cash on it .
 I bought this leash for my daughter 's new puppy . I bought it for a large dog , since the puppy is a Lab/Rot mix , but the puppy only weighs 30 pounds now . Within two weeks we had to throw this in the trash . The leash itself broke twice . We had to tie it back together . My husband took the handle apart and fixed it twice . This was a waste of our money !
 The product seemed to be a good quality device . It felt sturdy . But the spring broke at 6 months . I have small well trained dogs . Let one out at my inlaw ` shouse to go potty -LRB- no fense -RRB- . He went to a far bush and I heard a pop . He was walking and sniffing . Wo n't retract anymore and does n't even make a nice Nylon Leash . I was so disapointed . Only lasted 6 months - about 20 uses .
 Bought this leash out of desperation , could n't find the Flexi brand that I had for my other dog . Before one month was up , it stopped retracting unless I slapped it a few times . The spring was weak and pretty ineffective from the beginning . Very expensive and if extended to the limit , it is nearly impossible to retract . Has resulted in my dog coming close to getting into bad situations since I ca n't control the dog properly once the leash is extended if I need to reel her in quickly . Very angry and disgusted with this product . Utter garbage , and I will never buy anything from this company again . Would rate this zero stars if I could .
 This leash was a little pricey but when the package arrived it seemed like it might be worth the price , it felt sturdy and had a nice grip . The problem is that the leash does n't retract very well so any quick movements by my dog results is a wrap up that has to be untangled.When the leash gets wet it becomes worse , we have to dry it out to get the leash back in the handle , too bad as I like the feel and it appears well made , just poorly engineered .
 I have a miniature poodle . NOT a big dog , right ? I have the large Power Walker , figured it 'd hold up longer than the cheapo brand retractable leash we were finally retiring after about 7 years . Nope . This thing lasted about 6 months , and now wo n't retract . I tried to take it apart to fix it , but even that is n't cooperating with me . For the money these things cost , you 'd expect it to last a bit longer . Do yourself a favor and get the store brand -- that way , if it only lasts a few months -LRB- which it probably wo n't -- it 'll probably last years -RRB- you wo n't have lost buckets of cash on it .
 I bought this leash for my daughter 's new puppy . I bought it for a large dog , since the puppy is a Lab/Rot mix , but the puppy only weighs 30 pounds now . Within two weeks we had to throw this in the trash . The leash itself broke twice . We had to tie it back together . My husband took the handle apart and fixed it twice . This was a waste of our money !
 The product seemed to be a good quality device . It felt sturdy . But the spring broke at 6 months . I have small well trained dogs . Let one out at my inlaw ` shouse to go potty -LRB- no fense -RRB- . He went to a far bush and I heard a pop . He was walking and sniffing . Wo n't retract anymore and does n't even make a nice Nylon Leash . I was so disapointed . Only lasted 6 months - about 20 uses .
 Bought this leash out of desperation , could n't find the Flexi brand that I had for my other dog . Before one month was up , it stopped retracting unless I slapped it a few times . The spring was weak and pretty ineffective from the beginning . Very expensive and if extended to the limit , it is nearly impossible to retract . Has resulted in my dog coming close to getting into bad situations since I ca n't control the dog properly once the leash is extended if I need to reel her in quickly . Very angry and disgusted with this product . Utter garbage , and I will never buy anything from this company again . Would rate this zero stars if I could .
 if you love your pets do not buy this product I gave it to my dog sasha and later started with diareah and puking blood she is not feeling well this is poison for your dog !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My vet recommends HeartGard which requires a prescription and costs a lot more . One tablet contains : Active Ingredient AmountIvermectin 68 mcgPyrantel 57 mgHartz Rid Worm for small dogs contains only `` 22.7 mg Pyrantel base as Pyrantel Pamoate '' . I am not a vet , but I understand that HeartGard treats heart worms that Hartz Rid Worm does not treat.I have used both and my vet says the dog is fine . But I worry that the cheaper product is not as effective as the prescription product .
 Our poor dog continued to scratch for fleas relentlessly , after we dosed her with this Hartz product . You can do better .
 I read all the reviews on this item and it looked like a good deal . I have one long haired cat and bought him a long hair Furminator , but he is n't all that crazy about it . He tolerates it for about 5 minutes and he is gone . When I bring it out , he disappears.Since reviewers stated this was specifically for long haired cats , I decided to try it.When unpaced it , the little metal spines which are to pull hair out looked terribly sharp . They were sligtly curved , but they still looked and felt awfully sharp.Before I could , in good conscience , try this on my long haired grey , I gave it a tentative try on my own hair which is long . OUCH ! It went directly into my scalp and hurt.It did not pull any of my loose hairs out , but then I do not have an undercoat , so I finally screwed up my courage and very gently tried it on the cat.It pulled his regular hair and got a wee bit of undercoat off . I was a little more forceful . Some more undercoat came out , but the cat was not looking happy . At long last , I tried a regular `` pull '' through the hair . OUCH ! The cat was off and hidden . He tried to give the thing a good biting on his way off the bed where I was holding him , but he missed . No matter . He hid.My shourt haired cat is a lot tougher , so I gave it a try on her . With the furminator , she will sit for 20 minutes while I groom her . But with this , OUCH ! and she was gone . -LRB- Now , I realize it is n't for short hairs , but just as a comparison , I tried it.Well , this was a waste for me and my cat family . It hurt the long haired cat who will tolerate the Furminator . It hurt my head.I think it is an accident waiting to happen
 This leash was a little pricey but when the package arrived it seemed like it might be worth the price , it felt sturdy and had a nice grip . The problem is that the leash does n't retract very well so any quick movements by my dog results is a wrap up that has to be untangled.When the leash gets wet it becomes worse , we have to dry it out to get the leash back in the handle , too bad as I like the feel and it appears well made , just poorly engineered .
 I have a miniature poodle . NOT a big dog , right ? I have the large Power Walker , figured it 'd hold up longer than the cheapo brand retractable leash we were finally retiring after about 7 years . Nope . This thing lasted about 6 months , and now wo n't retract . I tried to take it apart to fix it , but even that is n't cooperating with me . For the money these things cost , you 'd expect it to last a bit longer . Do yourself a favor and get the store brand -- that way , if it only lasts a few months -LRB- which it probably wo n't -- it 'll probably last years -RRB- you wo n't have lost buckets of cash on it .
 I bought this leash for my daughter 's new puppy . I bought it for a large dog , since the puppy is a Lab/Rot mix , but the puppy only weighs 30 pounds now . Within two weeks we had to throw this in the trash . The leash itself broke twice . We had to tie it back together . My husband took the handle apart and fixed it twice . This was a waste of our money !
 The product seemed to be a good quality device . It felt sturdy . But the spring broke at 6 months . I have small well trained dogs . Let one out at my inlaw ` shouse to go potty -LRB- no fense -RRB- . He went to a far bush and I heard a pop . He was walking and sniffing . Wo n't retract anymore and does n't even make a nice Nylon Leash . I was so disapointed . Only lasted 6 months - about 20 uses .
 Bought this leash out of desperation , could n't find the Flexi brand that I had for my other dog . Before one month was up , it stopped retracting unless I slapped it a few times . The spring was weak and pretty ineffective from the beginning . Very expensive and if extended to the limit , it is nearly impossible to retract . Has resulted in my dog coming close to getting into bad situations since I ca n't control the dog properly once the leash is extended if I need to reel her in quickly . Very angry and disgusted with this product . Utter garbage , and I will never buy anything from this company again . Would rate this zero stars if I could .
 Ordered slicker brush in a size small , thinking it would be smaller than the brush my husband had purchased in a size large at the local farm store . When I received the brush it was the same size as the large . Will not return due to the shipping charge . Still too large to use on a teacup yorkie . Still looking for small slicker brush . Disappointed in size . Also it claimed to be a soft slicker brush , but the only thing soft was the handle , and it was rubber coated .
 This brush is not worth the $ 12 it cost to get it to me.Design looks acceptable but it is very awkward , hard to find a comfortable position where the brushcan be used properly and does n't slip out of my hand .
 Instead of Blu Streak the seller sent me Starbar Golden Malrin fly bait . It 's similar to Blu Streak but not nearly as effective . I scatered the bait yesterday , around the dumpsters , and still have a lot of flys today . Blu Streak usually takes care of 90 % of the flys within a 24 hour period.I wish I had been contacted about the change in product .
 I wanted to love this brush - I have an old Four Paws brush that `` somehow '' ended up with the handle chewed off . the old brush was my favorite for my tender skinned aussie - and I had it for about 8 years.this new brush is plastic handled instead of wood - which is evident from the picture.The big problem with the new style is the little black safety ends are breaking off the pins after about 2 days of use . this leaves little sharp pins - making my pups & me unhappy .
 it looks like it is a good idea but when my bulldog got ahold of it and we played for about five min . befor the plastic broke in the middle . overall not worth the money . Dont Buy !!!
 A previous reviewer , RT , must be confused with another product -- THIS product is a joke -- EVERYTHING I have EVER purchased from Kong has been of flawless quality -- some might even last multiple generations of dogs -- they are that good ! When I saw this at the store , I thought it was rather flimsy , I really questioned whether the black `` bite down '' ends would last but I literally said `` Hey , Kong makes it - it 'll be good '' and bought it ... Almost immediately my 6 month old dog began to tear the ends to shreds -- and this was adult-supervised activity -- we never once let her chew on it - the rubber is really thin and `` cheapo '' ... within 4 weeks , the product has become completely useless -- it provided 30 , maybe 40 minutes total play time . If your doggy has no teeth , this might be the perfect toy , otherwise you are throwing your money away .
 I have two large dogs who love to play with the kong frisbee so I thought the tug toy would be a great addition since they like to take things from each other but they hate it ... The only part they can put in their mouths is the very end black part . The red part of the handle is a hard plastic and can very easily cut their mouths so I dKONG Tug Dog Toyo not recommend this product at all .
 Unlike the traditional Kong chew toys , this one is easily destroyed in a short time by dogs with moderate to aggressive chewing abilities . It looks tough , but is anything but . Do n't waste your money if you have a `` chewer '' .
 My dog is a pit-bull/lab mix and loves to play tug . He also loves to chew.I was hoping that the Kong Tug Toy would last a little longer than it did . It was destroyed in about two weeks . Oh well maybe someday I will find a toy that can stand up to Buddy the master of destruction .
 the plastic is not very sturdy if your dog has a strong bite . This product is not chew proof .
 The rubber grips were ripped by my medium sized jack russel and the nylon rings were chewed in half by my lab . This toy is not durable and safe for dogs that chew . I recieved it on saturday and by sunday it was destroyed .
 Cheaply made , dog had it destroyed in few hours . Have to watch so dog does n't choke on rubber pieces . Never buying from this company again .
 Our dog loves tug of war and chewing . He liked chewing this more than tugging . Had to take it away because we were worried he would choke .
 My dog did n't understand how to use this . He tries to play tug-of-war with absolutely everything but just did n't `` get it '' with this toy . He did , however , manage to destroy the toy in approximately 20 seconds while I had my back turned . Not what I expected from Kong .
 The black pieces on this were very brittle and did not hold up to any kind of chewing from our english bulldogs at all .
 My english mastiff had chewed through the plastic in 10 minutes . Since this was a kong product I assumed it was going to be the hard rubber like their other toys . I was wrong . The red portions in this picture are just plastic . Only the black portions are rubber . Very disappointed .
 We have had this item for only a few weeks and it is completely destroyed so I 'm very disappointed in kong and will probably never buy any kong products again .
 It 's an attractive product , but simply too fragile to withstand sustained chewing . The black components - the `` grips '' and the center part connecting the two red loops - are made of a flexible rubber-like material . Our lab puppy quickly reduced them to several thousand small granules , strewn from one end of our house to the other , and appeared to take great delight in so doing . The one good thing is that most of them were able to be picked up in the vacuum ... For very small , very old , or toothless dogs , it would probably be ok .
 I guess this would work if the only thing the dog did was play tug with it while only putting the rubber part in their mouth , but come on dogs are dogs . I thought the KONG brand was a brand that I could rely on . The designers really dropped the ball with this one . The ends and center are made of rubber , but the red part is plastic and evidently not very strong plastic . My Golden was able to eat through the red plastic and have the thing in pieces in less than five minutes .
 My medium size pit destroyed this toy in 5 minutes . Overall , it was very poorly designed , and made of poor quality rubber and plastic . Looks like Kong will put their name on any shoddy product these days . Its a shame . I used to think Kong was a reputable brand.westpaw design 's `` zogoflex '' toys have been a great alternative to Kong . check them out instead .
 Take the money that you were planning on spending for this toy , and let your dog chew that instead . The cash will last longer that way.This is garbage . The red plastic is just plastic . I thought I was buying 100 % Kong but just the black handles are Kong . My dog destroyed it in one night .
 My dog ate the black plastic off the handles within minutes of getting the toy . We had to throw it out . Good idea , but should be all once peice .
 I have a lot of Kong products . I have been happy with Kong up until this product . My 30lb dog is a strong chewer , and she destroyed this toy in 15 minutes .
 The rubber that is on the handles is so easy to tear . I 'm so upset i was hoping this Kong toy would hold up . Im wondering if i can send it back . She has other kong toys that she hasnt tore up ... but this one is NOT one of them . Do not buy if your dog chews on their toys .
 Looks to be well constructed , and my dog loves to play tug , however he wo n't touch this toy for some reason . I think it 's because it may be uncomfortable in his mouth . In any event , this might be a great product for the right dog , but my American Pitbull wo n't touch it after trying it once or twice . Odd , since he 'll play tug with just about anything else . I will say his regular Kong is his favorite toy , but perhaps they missed the boat on this toy .
 We only let our soft mouthed lab/pit have this to play tug with us , afterward it was put away from her reach . Even so this toy broke -LRB- the red part snapped -RRB- within a week . Kali loves to play tug but this toy was difficult for her to grab , her teeth would slide off of the red part and the black rubber part was too small for her to get a grip ; which would incite her to snap to get it back -LRB- snapping is a no no , even in play -RRB- . What ever happened to the solid rubber/nylon tug ? That old toy was lost before it was destroyed !
 This tug toy is very poorly made . The black rubber area that is meant for the dog or human to hold on to during the tug of war is very thin and is easily chewed off . My dog is only 15lbs and he destroyed the toy within the first day of having this . We have other Kong toys that have lasted well over a year but this could n't even make it one full day . We brought this particular tug toy because our dog had the uncanny knack of destroying the rope tug toys within a month and the mess from the ropes was something I did n't enjoy cleaning . In hindsight , I 'd rather clean up the mess from the ropes and have the toy last more than a day . And even if you buy this tug toy and it somehow lasts more than a day or two , it 's very uncomfortable to hold in your hand . One side of the red plastic is smooth and the other side is hollowed out with strips of plastic running across for support . The thin rubber handle is n't enough to cushion your hand against the uncomfortable surface . This toy is also a tad on the heavy side and does n't make playing tug of war with your favorite pup very much fun .
 I bought this tug-toy for my dog for Christmas thinking it would be perfect for him . He bit the corner of it to get a better grip and hurt his tooth on the hard plastic . Both ends are soft Kong material , but in between it is hard , not good for bitting or chewing . Beware when buying this product . I would recommend a toy that is made completely of durable rubber instead .
 Okay , so looking at this toy it seemed a little flimsy but based on the Kong brand I thought maybe there was more than meets the eye . My 6 month old pit had ripped the rubber of each end and snapped the toy in half in 30 minutes . The only reason I am writing this review is that the description says for all breeds and sizes . For smaller dogs , this is probably a great toy . For big/strong breeds , this is bound to be a VERY short lived toy .
 Just got Kong Tug Toy this afternoon . My 2 year old yellow lab chewed through center piece within the 1st ten minutes . Would n't recommend wasting you money !!!!!!!!!
 My Goldendoodle chewed through it in one day . We were playing tug-a-war and then I left him with it for a few hours . He is not a destructive type , but he did destroy this one . I wish it was the Kong product all around . That part survived . The red plastic did n't . I have toys all around my house and I do n't want to own one that I have to be sure to put away after every use .
 My dogs loved this toy . Unfortunately the black plastic parts are brittle , and within an hour or so it was breaking apart and they were swallowing it.Disappointing , as Kong makes really good products.Why they would put brittle plastic on a dog pull toy is beyond me.if it had come without the black plastic parts it would have been great .
 I had this toy for about 1 hour before my dog was able to get the rubber off of the handle . He is not a toy destroyer but he destroyed this with ease ! not a good product and definitely not indestructible .
 My 35 pound Texas Heeler had this toy for one day before she chewed the black rubber grips off of it.I found her vomiting up pieces of the grip this morning . The `` Super-strong Kong rubber grips '' were not strong enough for my dog.I would not recommend this toy for a chewer .
 Not a good choice for large , intense chewers . The black rubber material on each end is easily chewed through and taken off in chunks by the dog . My dogs then were able to get chunks out of the harder red material once i took the rubber material away from them . The toy was thrown away in about half an hour because i did n't want them to swallow the pieces . Look for a different toy for aggressive chewers . I have a yellow lab and a doberman .
 This is not of the quality or durability that most Kong products are made of . I bought this for my two year old Lab to play supervised tug with . The rubber handles , shortly after buying it , started to fall apart . It was n't worth the money I paid for it .
 It was an ok product until my Dutch Shepherd destroyed it in about a day after I received it . I ca n't find a toy that he does n't destroy .
 I thought it looked tough but my dog ate it rather rapidly considering the cost of the toy . He is a big dog but not a bad chewer so it needs to be tougher . Give it a miss .
 I have 2 dogs , both about 14 months old . One is a Boxer , the other is a Lab/Staffy mix . This was a great toy when my Boxer was a baby . She would chew on this and it stayed pretty true to the Kong reputation . She learned how to play tug-o-war with this toy . Fast forward a few months , and introduce my then 4-month old LabStaff into the mix . All of a sudden , not so great of a toy ... All of the black rubber material was destroyed within 10 minutes . Then , he worked his way through the rest and pretty much made it look like a chewed-up Bic pen.I do feel inclined to mention that his teeth -LSB- literally -RSB- look like werewolf teeth and that he is part American Staffordshire Terrier.Here 's my experience with this product : For puppies -- its a pretty good teething toy that lets you play with your puppy too . For strong-jawed , sharp-toothed dogs -- this toy wo n't last . In hindsight , it really does n't look like it would survive that type of dog anyway .
 I bought my puppy a KONG Tug about 10 days ago . I am vary disappointed in this product , as My dog has already chewed threw the rubber and I 've had to take it way from her for fear that she will choke on the little bits . It was definitely not worth the money I spent on it .
 I started using this toy with my dog , and in less than two hours , she broke it into two pieces .
 This toy is real easy for a dog to destroy . The rubber holding the 2 rings together can be easily ripped apart by a large dog - I have 4 Goldens and it did n't take long for them to realize that the rubber gives way.Don ' t buy it .
 I volunteer at a no-kill animal shelter , and from time to time bring toys in for the dogs . I saw this toy , and figured it would be great for all the medium sized and large dogs there , for playing tug-of-war with me . Sadly , I was wrong . After a few times with larger dogs , it broke in half . Also , some of the dogs did n't want to play tug-of-war with this toy -LRB- I do n't know why -RRB- , and chose others to play with .
 Bought this tug based on the good reputation of the Kong brand . All other Kong toys have held up very , very well . This tug only has `` Kong rubber '' at the ends and in the middle . The sides are exposed , red plastic . Our dogs immediately went to work on the red plastic and had it torn apart in 2 days . If only Kong had put it 's rubber all over the toy , it probably would have held up for a long time and become a favorite toy with my dogs .
 Do NOT buy this toy . We have a 60 lb lab who loves tug of war . He immediately went to work chewing this toy and was able to chew thru not only the flimsy red plastic but also the rubber , so much so that after 3 days when he played TOW with me , the toy broke in half and snapped back and hit him in the eye with such force that his eye swelled shut . The vet said he suffered ocular trauma and it cost us over $ 500 in vet bills and we were n't sure his eye would ever recover . Contacted Kong , they said they had never heard any complaints about this toy and were completely apathetic to my situation . Normally a huge fan of Kong products but this one is substandard and caused my normally very happy lab huge amounts of pain and suffering . AVOID THIS TOY FOR YOUR DOGS SAFETY !!!
 I bought this toy and spent $ 14 on it . Took it home to my medium size dog , who destroyed it in less than 15 minutes . The reason I bought this toy is because I have another Kong which my dog has n't been able to break at all . However , this new toy is of very inferior quality even though it has the brand Kong attached to it . Do n't buy this product unless your dog is a tiny Chihuahua with no jaw power at all . Otherwise you 'll waste your money .
 This toy lasted 5-6 play sessions with my yellow lab before the black rubber grips on the ends started splitting which results in the sharp red plastic core underneath digging into your hand . Wish I had read some of the other reviews before buying this at Petsmart . Compared to other Kong products this one is a big dud . I 'm going back to the old thick piece of rope with two knots on the ends .
 My lab enjoys playing tug of war , so I thought this would be perfect . He chewed through the red part of the Tug toy .
 My dog is n't even a `` heavy chewer '' and she destroyed this toy in less then 5 minutes . Does not live up the the KONG reputation of durable toys .
 The 1st time with these treats , my experience was fine . My yorkie is amazingly picky about his food/treats , so I 'm always thrilled when he likes anything . He loved these treats ! Just bought another bag and gave some to him over the past few days and noticed he 'd hack after eating one . I figured they were dry Bc he never did this before . I was going to give him one this morning before our walk when I noticed coarse , long hairs all crammed into the marrow !! I pulled 2 strands out of one marrow and examined them . They were thick , light brown/Blonde and about 1/4 in long . No wonder my poor dog was hacking ! He just had a mouthful of hair ! I checked more of them & found more hair . I contacted Pedigree and am no longer buying their products . It was disgusting . Save your dog 's stomach and spend a few extra bucks on something that 's actually quality treats for your dog -LRB- s -RRB- and more nutritious and wholesome ... . not chock full of hairs ! -LRB- The only reason for having 2 stars is due to my dog loving them so much ... ! -RRB-
 My dog loves Marrobones but I am going to switch ever since I started finding coarse animal hair in them . I am disappointed that Pedigree would allow such nastiness .
 My golden retriever also loves these treats but the last bag I bought had coarse light-colored hairs sticking out of the treats . This is disgusting because this says something about he quality control in the factory . I hope the hairs do not belong to rodents .
 I had bought a pack for my new puppy thinking he will love these . `` NOTE THIS WAS NOT THE SELLER '' Little did I know there would be short light brown hair 's all in the treat 's . I know sounds disgusting , But thank god I did on the first treat because after searching the web I later found out how bad the preservative , dye 's and By products are in these and other big box brand treats along with the food 's . I am switching to a natural living food diet and thinking small companies such as Orijen & The Honest Kitchen . MY BABY WILL BE HAPPY AND HEALTH as long as i can help it !! P.S. later I found out that these big box store brands use euthanized animals from the shelter `` By Product '' do your research if it smells like poo and it looks like poo yeah it probably is ... Well POO !
 The photo is misleading since this listing is n't for a bird play yard only the wooden base it 's to sit on . In addition the product description is also for the play yard not the stand as it describes how the rungs are good grip for your bird and the ample areas for them to play on . I am returning the item I received which is a useless stand with four wheels - nowhere in the description is this mentioned . Very disappointed with the entire listing !!!
 It was not specified on this site and I did not know until I received the product . This is something that should be clear on the product page especially since the FDA has specifically warned about chicken jerky products for pets that are made in China . I am going to ask for a refund .
 I purchased this habitat at my local petstore . It was reasonable and looked like it had everything we would need . Problems arose the minute that I started putting the cage together . It is poorly constructed and the pieces do not seem to just `` snap in '' the way the instructions say . After getting the cage together it looks great ! My son 's hamster loved the wheel dispite the fact it is extremely loud and the main part of the cage is really not big enough to replace it with those silent wheels . She loved the wheel so much that she just about spends all of her time in it . . so much so that she pees in and and then runs the wheel which results in her drenching herself in her own urine . Also any `` droppings '' or food that she has in the wheel now make there way out onto the tabletop that she is on . The wheel is also not easy to take on and off as the clip that holds it on , is akward to release.The main reason that I am writing a negative review for this cage is the door . I thought it was strange that once I put the cage together the door did not clip or lock shut but I did n't think it was a concern . That is until this morning when I woke up and the door was on the floor and the hamster was nowhere to be found . We went to bed at 11 and woke up at 7 . . she could be anywhere . Well good news is the hamster was found and the cage door is wired shut but boy , a lot could have been avoided if I had gotten a better cage ! Thanks for listening and Buyer beware !!
 The cage itself is not to bad but if you try to do any add ons it is horrible . You can only connect other Hartz products to it which are hard to find . The ones you can find do not stay together . I bought the play center and it will not even hold together for a dwarf hamster . I had to go buy super glue and glue it together . Now we can not move any of the pieces but at least my hamster will not fall again when the whole thing comes tumbling . Awful design and product . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This thing is a piece of garbage ! It was broken before I could even get the hamster in it . The plastic door latch hook snapped off when I was putting it together . It was also missing a spigot for the water bottle . It 's not hard to put together but it 's very small and wobbly ... not stable at all . I felt like I threw my money away . : o -LRB- Disappointed grandma
 This is very low quality . One of the plastic tabs broke during assembly . We also could n't get the wheel apart to clean the feces out and when our hampster hung out in there his long hair was matted with poo . We took it off and threw it away . Now we have a wheel inside of the cage which leaves very little room for the hamsters -LRB- we have two -RRB- . I need to join it to another cage to give them more space but do n't know if I want to spend more money on Hartz products -LRB- also need to order online b/c the pet stores do n't carry hartz -RRB-
 This cage was IMPOSSIBLE to put together !! After an hour of trying to put the thing together , I finally had to just rig it . It was less than ideal and our dog just had to paw the green `` breeding box '' once and it fell off . We snatched up the hamster just in time ... before our dog made her a chew toy ! To clean the cage , you have to take the blue bubble lid off . To change the water , you have to take the blue bubble lid off . To get the hamster out , you have to take the blue bubble lid off . To give the hamster food , you have to take the blue bubble lid off . AND IT 'S IMPOSSIBLE TO GET BACK ON !! There are no platforms to hide under or use to get into the wheel . The food bowl must go in with the bedding -LRB- and the poop -RRB- . We bought the extra add-on pieces , but OH MY !!! ... there was no way we were ever going to get those on !! The hamster never used the wheel . It was stiff and awkward for the hamster to crawl into . After getting a different cage , our hamster seems much happier and much more active than she ever did in this cage .
 We 've had this cage for about six months . Up until today , we 'd had no problems with it for my son 's dwarf hamster . We like how the top comes off . It makes for very easy cleaning . The wheel is a little annoying and the vent holes in it leave room for poop to fall out of it when the hamster is running on it . We solved that by placing an empty Swiffer pads tray underneath it to catch them . But it 's still something that you should n't have to fix on your own . The wheel is definitely poorly designed.The big problem we had happened this morning . I woke up and went into the room and found the hamster 's right rear leg caught in between two cage wires . This was in the front near the bottom right where the center piece links with the other piece . I do n't know how long she was like that because I was asleep , but when I found her she was frantically trying to get out . Her leg was awkwardly stretched completely straight and she was trying to bite her own foot off.It took me a few minutes to get her out . Not that she could , but she 's not making any noises and seems to be going about okay . The problem is , she is not using her right rear leg . It is stretched out abnormally and just drags along . I think it 's either broken or dislocated . I 'll probably have to take her to the vet soon.This may have been a freak occurrence , but be warned . *** Update January 2012 . The hamster got caught again and severely injured her leg , which may have contributed to her eventual demise . I would not buy this cage . Stay far away !
 I bought this cage in a pinch because our 2 gerbils suddenly began fighting -LRB- violently -RRB- and I needed to permanently separate them based on the vet 's recommendation . I went to Wal Mart and this was one of 2 cages available so I bought it . Simply put
 I bought this cage in hopes to buy the assecories to go with it . After weeks of searching online I find two tubes here on Amazon that will fit this cage . I contacted customer services and was informed that the additional pks for this cage had been discountiued . If you think your hamspter will be happy in this cage alone then it is a nice cage but if you need -LRB- or would like to expand so your hampster can be happy and have plenty of room -RRB- This is not the cage for you ! I was very dissapointed and let customer service know . I would not have bought this if I knew it could not be added onto but the box clearly shows 3 small houses that can be bought seperatly and attached with tubes . Weigh your options here and know what you are getting .
 I own several cages for hamsters . All of them , with the exception of the Hartz cage are all Habitrail.This Hartz cage is the biggest piece of trash I have ever had . Difficult to put together and parts do n't fit properly . It , absolutely , positively is not interchangeable with Habitrail.The running wheel does n't fit properly and is so high up on the cage that a small Russian Dwarf hamster can not reach the wheel to use it.We bought this at Walmart for $ 23 , hoping to get a cheaper alternative to the more expensive Habitrail cages . It was a very poor choice.If you hate your Hamster , do n't mind poor fits , can do without an exercise wheel , this is the cage for you.On top of all of this , it did n't even come with a food bowl . First cage I ever bought that did not .
 I 've used this for about 10 days now for my Syrian -LRB- Teddy Bear Hamster -RRB- . When I bought my new friend , I did n't know a thing about hamsters . As soon as we got home and I settled him , I saw why this cage would n't do . It 's way too small for a Syrian . And its cornered shape just further limits the space as compared to similarly priced items . I joined an online forum and discovered that these cages are too small for even dwarf hamsters . So I thought I would buy some Hartz tubing and connect it to some of the other playpens they show on the back of this package . I can find the proprietary tubing which is way too expensive , but exists in T-style and straight -LRB- have n't found any elbows yet -RRB- but I can not find the pens they show on the back anywhere , even on Hartz own website!I 've since had a change of mind -LRB- and after reading one of the reviews here in which a poor little hammy got her foot caught and eventually died in this cage style , cemented my decision -RRB- and have made a bin cage . If you search for DIY bin cage , you 'll see that they are cheeper , safer and provide loads more space . Anyway , this cage has been nothing but a headache!I will agree that it is easy to clean , and that my hammy has not been able to explore on his own -LRB- escape -RRB- but those are the only positives I find with this product.To sum : * Cage is way too small * Connectors and tubing is hard to find and too expensive * Additional play areas listed on the back of this one are hard to find if they even exist * Cage may be unsafe for its intended use and less safe than a well constructed and cheaper DIY bin project
 very fast in shipping , cost of shipping to much.and it has a very hard time getting it to squeak.so if you can find at a store just buy it there .
 Pet stores sell this , but they do n't know that it 's bad to give your hamsters bedding fluff . They may choke because the fibers in the bedding sheets will get stuck in their mouths when they try to make their beds . An easier and safer alternative is to use ordinary tissue paper . They can shred it up themselves and there 's no danger involved.Please do your research before buying animals and animal supplies ! It will be beneficial both to you and your new critter friend !
 i agree with the first reviewer , and ontop of what she said . . cedar and pine is toxic to rodents and results in liver failure and deadly respiratory problems . . dont kill your babies by buying anything like this stuff
 The carpet was a great size and fit my tank well . However after a week it needed to be washed . I sprayed it off then hung it to dry . Once dry it was warped and misshapen . When I put it back in the tank it seems to have shrunk too ! I have used the eco carpet in the past which held up much better to a washing .
 Just received this item , and like other customers feel that it is an extremely poorly constructed item , not nearly worth the price point at which we purchased it . When we received it , the item was EXTREMELY light , weighing just a couple of ounces . Its actually difficult to take the lid off without moving the box around , i imagine , even with items inside -LRB- doggy toys not likely to weigh enough to stabilize this plastic shell on my wood floors -RRB- , the box will be sliding around for the duration of ownership.However , the primary reason why I 'm giving it a 1 is because its extremely poor construction . The inside edge of the lid is jagged , not smooth , and very sharp . Moving it around could very well result in cuts from handling it . It 's very noticeable that the product was poorly built , almost as if the inner lid area was cut by hand with a saw or something , definitely not machine cut . The whole thing feels like a piece of cheap plastic and any item in the $ 25-30 range should have been built to more detailed specifications .
 I looked forward to receiving this as away to clean up the clutter of my puppy 's growing toy collection . I was very disappointed when I received it . The first thing I noticed was that it was dirty and had a line of pen ink across part of the top . Then I went to take it out of the box and I was shocked by how flimsy the plastic is . This is really a piece of junk . I 'm returning it and for what I paid I can get a sturdy Rubbermaid container . It wo n't look like a cute dog bone but it wo n't be a cheap piece a plastic either . Consider yourself warned .
 I was excited to receive this item and replace my wicker basket which my dog had been chewing up and leaving all over the house . I was disappointed when I received it though . First off , the material was cheap and flimsy . I felt like the bottom and top did n't join together perfectly as they should . The way it 's designed also makes it hard for my bichon poodle to get to his toys . If it were a little cheaper , maybe I would n't mind as much , but I felt like I was paying too much for such a cheap , poorly made product .
 Like anyone reading this we spoil our dogs rotten after all is there any other alternative ? In fact i do n't think a week has gone by that I can remember NOT buying dog toys for our Bulldogs who rip open anything the UPS m an dem or elivers regardless if it 's for them or not.This said , our house can often look like a dog toy factory after an industrial accident , they 're virtually everywhere . The floor , Beds , dressers , stairs etc etc. ... Yes we have adorabable wooden toy chests with adorable wooden lids and adorable pictures and cut outs . But our ever expanding inventory is no match for these adorably over priced chests . We need large capacity industrial sized containers for those quick clean ups when company stops by , well , there 's that and avoiding a law suit when someone unintentionally trips over a super sized Nylabone treat filled `` thing '' . So I ordered the Large , does it hold dog toys ? yes . But so does a card board box.To say it 's disapointing is an understatement . Terrible build quality and it 's VERY flimsy . The color ? a murky Grey . Afterall why make a BONE the color WHITE . Everyone want 's some horribly made piece of plastic that 's both the size of a Volkswagon and the color of a cadaver as the focal point of their living room.For us , we spent more time finding a place to put it that no one could possibly ever find even if we gave them a map then we did putting toys inside of it . If you 're looking for storage and you despise quality , decent design or even a hint of whimsy , elegance or style - then this Doggie Toy Box should delight you no end .
 was a little smaller than the picture and too deep , the dogs ca n't reach in to get their toys . the plastic also made a great chewing toy for our lab puppy so it is a mess now : -LRB-
 Our older dog has bad breath and I thought this would help . Unfortunately , sprinkling less than half the recommended usage on her food resulted in her not wanting to eat it . The powder does have a very strong -LRB- and not pleasant -RRB- smell coming from the bottle , and since it 's bright white , it 's easy to see on top of the dry dog food . Since we had to completely empty her bowl and replace with new food , I ca n't rate this product highly - if our dog wo n't eat it , it does n't do much good .
 Either this stuff does n't work or my dog has super bionic kibble breath . My guess is the former , not the latter .
 I 'm not one for brushing pet 's teeth and my dog is no fan of anyone fussing around or in his mouth . We 're PERFECT candidates for using this product and I readily volunteered to test it . The convenience and ease of use definitely got my attention . Simply sprinkling it on his food -LRB- kibbles -RRB- is easy , breezy for me BUT he wo n't touch his food . Mixing it in did n't help either . Hiding it with gravy or broth got him to eat it.My dog 's rumbling stomach was unnerving . When he asked to go out I did n't stall at all . Cleaning diarrhea and/or vomit takes my breathe away as I dry heave my way through the task . Perio-Support for him = Life-Support for me if those `` rumbling tummy results '' were in the house!Although it did n't work for us , I suggest getting a sample to make sure your pet will consume it without tummy upset or other issues .
 I have a 12 year old Maine Coon that has had serious periodontal disease since age 4 , despite yearly dentals and monthly pulse therapy with Clindamycin . So I was excited to try this , but once I saw that it contains Yucca Schidigera Extract I wo n't be giving it to her . This Yucca Extract is also found in many higher-end cat and dog foods and it 's used to keep the poo from smelling bad . There have been recent studies that Yucca can raise blood urea levels that can contribute to kidney disease , more likely to happen in cats than other species this is intended for . So I 'm not taking any chances ; if further studies come out that reverse these findings , I 'll reconsider this supplement at that time.NOTE
 I bought this item due to its excellent reviews and I added this to my dog 's food and used it for a whole month with no luck . It did not help with his bad breath and tartar . This is not worth the money , it is going in the garbage .
 I shop carefully , comparing products , sizes of packages , and who fulfills the orders . Somehow this time I was taken for an expensive trip down the pet treats aisle.I like Nutro . This review was written on the page of and about the vendor `` eeLe LLC '' selling the product.I was certain that when I clicked `` Proceed to Checkout '' that I was ordering two 60 oz boxes of Nutro Natural Choice Sensitive Stomach Adult Dog Biscuits . They were a good price -LRB- within reason - I thought this was $ 13.95 for a 60 ounce box -RRB- . I normally pay ~ $ 14.95 for a 60 ounce size box.Imagine my surprise when a small Amazon box arrived and two 23 ounces boxes of the dog biscuits were inside . This makes these very expensive - I can buy 32 ounces at my local Petsmart for $ 10.99 . Of course to return these would cost as much as I overpaid in the first place , so I 'm stuck with overpriced biscuits from `` eeZe LLC '' aka `` lindasproperties . `` The only thing I can figure is that the weight was wrong in the listing , or it was concealed in such a way that I did n't realize this was a little box for the big price instead of a big box for the reasonable price . And since I 've looked at the seller stats , this makes bad review number three in a row . It looks like I 'm not the only unhappy customer who expected better service through Amazon and feels put upon by the inability to simply send it back and make it right . Fool me once , Shame on you , eeZe LLC and lindasproperties . I wo n't make that mistake again!However , I will happily share this review on my twitter feed and on my facebook page , and perhaps place it a couple of other sites , just to get the point across to Linda that gouging by bait and switch is n't a nice thing to do .
 Do not buy this water bowl ! This is obvious not heavy duty electrically constructed . Worked fine for ONE month only then stopped working . Worked just long enough so I can not get a full refund . That 's so bad . This purchase was no laughing matter .
 I plugged it in and it did n't get warm so i put water in and it did n't freeze because it 's not cold enough yet , but the water was ice cold . Is it broken or is it only supposed to make sure the water does n't freeze ?
 I bought this to use for my six chickens as an alternative to an $ 80 heated poultry fountain . So far it is working perfectly . My dog 's water dish has been frozen every morning this past week or so -LRB- she 's an indoor/outdoor dog though so she gets water inside also -RRB- but the chicken 's water has not frozen at all . I am very happy with this product so far . I will come back and write more about my experience with it as the winter season progresses . * update 1/16/12 - The temps have been in the low 20 's to upper teens overnight for the past week or so -LRB- not counting wind chill -RRB- and the water in the heated bowl has been frozen every morning for at least a week now . I do n't know why it is freezing since it was designed to keep the water thawed , but regardless , it is not doing its job and as is , it is completely useless to me . Guess I 'm going to have to buy that $ 80 heated poultry fountain after all . * sigh *
 I bought this for our ducks during the winter I was very excited to find a heated water dish for such a low price and saw that it had good reviews . I was very disappointed that ours does not keep the water from freezing . It does slow it down so they have water longer during the day but I still have to go out daily and remove the ice from the top and add more water . I only gave this 2 stars because it really has not worked for us . .
 This container looks pretty enough , but you 're going to be caring for a living creature that needs more room and places to hide.having a bowl or tank that 's 1 gallon or larger would make your betta so much happier !
 Words really ca n't describe how I feel about this awful product . First of all , bettas requires air to breathe . Having a plant in the bowl takes up too much surface space for the little guy or gal . Secondly 3/4 gallon is completely inappropriate . Bettas are tropical fish who requires to be in heated water with temperatures ranging from 75 to 80 degrees . There is no room for even a Hydor 7.5 W mini heater . Third , ammonia can easily build up within a few hours . Bettas are sensitive fish who requires in pristine water . You would have to be changing his or her water like 2-3 times a day . Yes it may be stressful but eventually the fish will settle down . I would rather have a stressed yet healthy fish in clean water than a happy yet unhealthy fish in dirty water . Long story short , do n't buy this item or anything that is this size of a bowl . In the end , the fish ends up paying for its owner 's ignorance .
 My cat never scratched this . He turned it over a couple of times . I would not recommend this .
 This is not at all a scratching post it is cardboard with holes in it the only reason my cat looked twice at it was because of the cat nip . This was a HUGE waste of my money
 We initially received this product and one of the legs was broken . Therefore you could not raise or lower the product . The company that we received the product from was great and they sent us a replacement feeder at no cost and paid for shipping . The second feeder was worse than the first . The screws that held the legs onto the feeder were rusted and several of them were not screwed all the way into the base . The black color was peeling off of the product which I am sure had it gotten wet from filling the water dish a few times would have completely peeled off . I was very disappointed in this product . I was very satisfied with the company that we went through to purchase the product . Great customer service .
 I have 4 retired racing greyhounds . They weigh about 80lbs . This is not the table for bigger dogs . The legs on the table are extremely flimsy when extended all the way and even though there were other reviewers that discussed the same thing , I bought two anyway . I tried to figure out a way to stabilize the legs once they were extended but the way the fitting is on the legs I ca n't really do that . This table would be fine if you did n't have to extend the legs . I could n't believe how much some of the other feeding tables were and thought I could get away with cheaper ... guess not
 This one 's a leaker ! This hummingbird feeder is very , very pretty , but has a major functional design flaw . The removable plug makes it convenient to fill the feeder . However , the plug ends up at the bottom of the feeder when the feeder is hanging , and herein lies the problem . The normal temperature variation over the course of the day -LRB- up to 20 deg difference between the high and low temp on a normal day -RRB- causes expansion and contraction of the plastic parts . This makes the plug move just enough to cause the feeder to leak . Bummer , because I really liked the way the feeder looked . It is well made otherwise , but sadly this design flaw caused my feeder to drain within ~ 3 days from the constant dripping -LRB- not from hummingbirds -RRB- . I decided to throw out the feeder one week after I received it .
 I bought this last year and hung it up and the Hummingbirds never used it . They went to my conventional feeders instead . I thought it was pretty but I do n't see a Hummingbird being able to sit and drink . The swirly part they would land on is n't positioned just right . I may give it one more chance this year but I 'm not too optimistic .
 I really thought this was going to be red . The picture shows that it is red and there is no type to say it is n't . However , it is clear glass -- I guess the picture assumes that you will fill it with food coloring . The flowers are n't red either , more of a pinkish color . And it is very heavy -- seems like it would fall and break very easily .
 I have an almost two year old lab mix named Ares . I willingly admit to spoiling him and didnt mind getting him these over priced treats . His vet told us that his joints were in need of attention so I took it upon myself to buy Greenies treats that support joint care for large dogs . I started with a small bag to see if he liked them which he did . He was in love with them . I noticed he had a bit more gas than usual coupled with some less solid poop , but I didnt really read to much into it . After giving him these treats he farted almost constantly ! He also had diarrhea on a regular basis.Within a week of feeding him these on a regular basis he would stay in the squatting poop position for about three to five minutes every time he pooped trying to get more out . Once he got to the point that he was leaking diarrhea onto my floor it hit me . I called his vet who advised me to discontinue use of this horrid product . After which I looked up reviews and was horrified at what I read . This stuff is posion . Its killing dogs and cats . DONT LOSE YOUR BEST FRIEND OR WASTE YOUR MONEY ! Find a better product . Your best friend deserves it .
 I 'm a fan of Greenies for dogs . However , this size is just too small and almost immediately snap in half . The issue with that is they end up chewing each 1/2 down to a size that is easy to gag and choke on . Part of the advantage to Greenies is that they 're supposed to break down to tiny bits that are easily swallowed . These breaking in half defeats the purpose.For puppies and even for grown up tiny dogs I recommend going one size up .
 Had to buy another box of the same thing at Petsmart . She eats those . Must not be fresh . How can you tell when they look the same .
 Our dogs liked them OK ... but ! ~ ... Greenies Dental Chews for Dogs , Teenie Pack , 96 Chews ... they are pricey and our two pooches love ... Veggi Dental Chews ... that 's all we buy them now on Amazon of course ! ~
 I am writing this because this product KILLED my in-laws 2 year old YORKIE . They have been breeding Yorkies for 18 years and this was the first product they have used , that KILLED one of there dogs . They started using this product this past summer . Sweetie -LRB- the dog -RRB- was chewing on the GREENIE chew in front of both of them , when she started convulsing . They immediately took her a 1/2 mile to the vet , by the time they arrived there , Sweetie was DEAD . The Greenie had Pierced her TRACHEA . Please be aware od how dangerous these could be to small dogs .
 Consumers Beware of Greenie products for dogs or cats . It contains a very toxic ingriedant called , Menadione Sodium Bisulfite -LCB- MSB -RCB- , which is a synthetic -LCB- man made -RCB- form of Vitamin K3 and causes cancer , organ damage -LCB- kidneys , lungs , liver , and mucous membranes -RCB- . It is also in almost All dry and canned pet foods . Chech your ingredients on All of your pet treats and foods . This will kill your pets . Check to see if BHA , BHT , and propylne glycol are listed in your treats and foods , both dry and canned . These Will Kill pets .
 They dont seem to work with our 5 month old shiba . Perhaps we 'll try them when he is a bit older since we got the bigger size and our little Yoshi is still a pup .
 My dog was on a bland diet -LRB- boiled chicken & rice -RRB- so his poop was usually solid but a few days after eating 1 Greenie a day , his poop became more liquid-y and green . Not sure if Greenies was actually the cause until I googled and read on various dog forums about how Greenies have affected other dogs . Stopped giving out my dog Greenies and have thrown them away . BEWARE , Greenies CAN be bad , so watch your dog after giving them out .
 My dog loves these but I 'm not impressed . They smell funky , they 're super expensive , and my dog 50 lb dog can eat one in 3 seconds . They definitely did not improve her dog breath and made my pantry smell funky .
 I was all set to buy these thinking they 'd be great for my dog . Then I found : `` At least 13 dogs have died after being fed the top-selling pet treat in the country , owners and veterinarians have told CNN . The problem comes because the treats , called Greenies , become lodged in a dog 's esophagus or intestine and then some veterinarians say they do n't break down . A CNN investigation uncovered 40 cases since 2003 where a veterinarian had to extract a Greenie from a dog after the treat became lodged either in the animal 's esophagus or intestine . In 13 of those cases , the pet died . `` The directions also tell customers to monitor dogs to ensure the treat is adequately chewed and to always offer water after feeding . `` Gulping any item can be harmful or even fatal to a dog , '' the directions say.Some vets and pet owners say the directions are unrealistic . `` These things tend to be wolfed down , '' said Dr. Brendan McKiernan , a board certified internist at the Wheat Ridge Animal Hospital outside Denver . `` They are meant to be chewed carefully , but that 's like giving a sharp knife to your 2-year-old . Dogs ca n't be controlled that way . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- Even though the info from these links may be BEFORE they improved them , and considering the following quote
 Just opened Greenies Joint Care -LRB- individually sealed -RRB- in December 2011 and found small worm crawling all over it . Next one looked fine , but really supposed to trust these now ?
 Greenies tries to position itself as a healthy treat , but I 'm not so sure.My dogs love them , but buyers should be aware that one of the main ingredients in Greenies is wheat , which , according to my vet , sticks to teeth like glue . In my mind this makes the product as deceiving as lip balm companies who put alcohol into their products . Buyers should also be aware of how much sugar is used in these products , which probably contributes to the high caloric value . I also take huge issue with the high cost and wasteful -- often non-recyclable -- packaging.Overall , dogs love them , but they really are n't very healthy . You 're better off giving them a cheaper rawhide stick , which does a much better job of cleaning teeth .
 Not the best product for the price . I got these for my dog that has plaque problems but I have n't really seen any improvement since we got them . They are okay to give as a treat but as far as helping with plaque I do n't think they work at all .
 Do not buy these for your dog ! I made the mistake of not researching Greenies Dental Chews online before buying these . If you Google the Greenies and how sick it may make your dog you will be shocked these are still on the market . Dogs have died eating this deadly poisonous treat.I saw the reviews on this product and I bought the teenies for my Yorkshire Terrier and gave it to him at night after his dinner . I figured since its for 5-15 lb dogs and his first time , I 'll give him just half of the teenie . The next morning he did n't eat and he threw up bile and some of the food he ate from the night before . And remember I only gave him 1/2 a piece ; imagine if I gave him an entire piece , it might get obstructed in his intestines.I complained to Amazon and they wanted to send me a replacement . Seriously ? Like after all that for making my dog sick , you think that I should try it again ? Plus they wanted the Greenies back . For what ? To resell this poison ? They would n't even mail me a box to return it . Eventually they just decided to send me a refund and that I can discard the Greenies.I just want to warn pet owners of this danger . There are plenty of similar complaints on this product if you research online . Please take care of your pets !
 Why are n't there more negative reviews on the site ? Greenies are known for the harm they 've caused many dogs ; just look it up to see for yourself.Years ago , my Pomeranian died due to biting off a chunk of a Greenie bone and having it obstruct her intestine.It was a painful and horrific death and I found out the same thing has happened to many other dogs due to the fact that they are full of cellulose fiber . There are many other types of teeth-cleaning bones out there that WO N'T seriously injure your dogs . They 're probably cheaper as well .
 I 'll admit , I am reviewing a product I have not used . The reason is that wheat gluten is about the # 1 cause of allergies in dogs . When wheat gluten is broken down it gets very sticky , so it coats the cilia of the digestive tract . This can cause irritation , and cause the immune system to actually destroy the lining of the intestines . This means that your pup might not be able to absorb all the nutrients he is eating.Often allergies show up as ` hot spots ' where the dog gets itchy and possibly scratches fur off . The problem with food allergies is it 's possible that they wo n't be obvious because all the damage will be internal.So , I have not seen a problem with this product , but I have known dogs who have had terrible reactions to wheat . It 's the same things as `` gluten intolerance `` in humans , but it 's much more common in dogs who are not quite as good at digesting grains . Wheat flour can be bad enough , but including concentrated wheat protein is much worse - because that is what causes the allergies .
 Bought the big box to be economical . . bad choice . My dog ate one reluctantly and then never ate another -- and this was over months . I gave them to a friend . My friend who owns a dog store said that many dogs have digestive upset with these , so I 'm not sad that my dog did n't like them .
 I made the mistake to give a Greeny to my puppy without reading reviews about this product . It was a bad idea . The poor puppy got very sick after eating a Greenie . He vomited and had diarrhea.I took him to urgent care and the Vet 's verdict -LRB- informed on the X-ray -RRB- was
 Bought these for my little shih-tzu a few months ago and he just will not eat or even chew on these things . And he 's a chewer ! Chews on everything else in the house , anyway . I tried coating it in peanut butter and he ate the first one , but the next time I tried he knew I was trying to trick him and would n't go near it .
 It 's not the product I do n't like it 's the Nutro Company . The first canister arrived as a solid ball of Greenies . I contacted the company and they talked as if they were a tad interested and would take responsibility but in the end they did nothing . After a month they 'd sent me a mailer to return some samples that I 'd pried off to test if the product was safe for my dogs . They said they never received anything and maybe the mailer was lost in their mail room . That was the end of their customer service .
 I had good results with this product six months ago . However , a second purchase that I just opened caused all of my three dogs to vomit within minutes of eating the product . I removed other items from their diet to be sure and it did it again , instantly . I contacted the company about it and they have claimed no other problems exist -LRB- suggesting I must have tainted the product or have exposed it to an environment making the dog snacks unstable , or the company I purchased them from somehow did something to the product . Hmm
 The packaging was intact and all but when I opened the box I found that the greenies were stuck together and would n't break apart -LRB- even when I tried smashing them against the concrete -RRB- . At some point they must have been moist that they had become so cemented together . It is a struggle trying to pull one at a time out of the bag and they break apart . Not exactly what I wanted .
 This is my second box of greenies that I have been quite pleased up until today . I pull out on greenie and found a WORM along with larvae !! This is horrible . I had this box for 3 months . I emptied the box and found about a dozen more worms and was disgusted . I could n't believe greenies product was contaminating my dogs . The expiration date is dated 2013 so this clearly shows that there is something wrong with this product . I hope someone from the greenies department will give contact me to fix this . I will be posting these comments on every doggy treat review forum/website until I hear from someone so I know that they are trying to fix it and shows how much they value their customers and product . I do n't know how long I have been feeding greenies with worms in them so my two pups will now have to go to the vet .
 We have two St. Bernards , one of whom is close to ancient , and last year she developed a dental problem . Someone mentioned GREENIES and off we went to find our old girl something to help her age gracefully and hopefully without pain . Well , she just loved them - as did the younger Saint - and here we are a couple of thousand dollars later wondering how to wean at least the younger dog off these obviously addictive green hard gel bones that do n't have a single expensive ingredient in them . The packaging , however , is nicer than that of most department stores but just how many of those boxes do I really want?I have calculated that the most expensive dentist around here would have cost less than the dent Greenies have made in my pocketbook . So this is a warning to first time browsers - move on to another product that might well do the job for a third of the money . A stop at your local butcher 's shop could be cost saving compared to these overpriced pieces of strange green . Someone should tell these folks that we are inching toward a depression because to date their reaction to what must be declining sales is to just keep upping the price .
 I ordered 3 packs of 27-count greenie dog chews from Entirely Pets and have ordered this product from various sources for many years . I have now opened the 2nd pack and both were the same
 I bought these as a treat for my dog and he started vomiting about an hour later . I thought it was something specific to that dog but when I tried giving them to my other two dogs - they both got sick too . I think they eat them like a treat rather than chewing on them and then they block their digestive tract . Whatever is going on , I would n't purchase them unless you do n't mind dog vomit .
 I expected to recieve a box of Greenies , which is why I ordered this . I thought that it would be a nice and neat way to store them . Instead what I recieved was a bubble bag full of individually wrapped greenies . Not neat and easily stored at all . The picture of this item shows a box , but I did not recieve a box of greenies . I wish I would have just ordered the bag of greenies , with the ziploc top , at least that is easily stored . My dog also has a sensitive stomach and food allergies , even though greenies do n't have corn in them he still pukes them up and does n't seem interested in them when I try to give him one . My larger dog has the bigger size and he likes them just fine , so I guess it just depends on your dog . My main complain about this purchase was that I did n't recieve the box of greenies that is described . Maybe they ran out and just threw 45 individually wrapped greenies in a bubble mailer , either way , that was disappointing .
 My pug almost died from this product . A piece did not digest and got stuck in his intestinal tract . He had to have emergency surgery and 3000.00 later is now OK . Any knowledgeable pug breeder will tell you not to feed these to your pug . All the company did was refund me 25.00 for the cost of the product .
 This product , I love !! However , the product pictured on Amazon showed a package of 12 Large Greenies for $ 14.99 and what arrived was a package of 8 . That price I can beat at several of my pet stores . I had ordered 3 packages based on the 12 Large / $ 14.99 and since they were n't as advertised , sent all 3 back .
 My dog wo n't eat these things . I can offer her nothing else to eat all day and she still will literally turn her back and walk away from these things . I tried gifting them to another small dog owner , only to find they are warned against as a choking hazard . Turns out they are so gummy that they sometimes get stuck in a dog 's throat and choke the poor thing to death . Maybe my dog knew something I did n't ... or maybe they just do n't taste or smell that good to some dogs . Buyer beware . -LRB- Message me if you want an almost full 96 count box for just the cost of shipping , since if you are going to buy them , I hate to throw away something someone else can use . -RRB-
 Supposed to be for cleaning their teeth - right ... well - that would assume they held up to some for of chewing ... our little Border TERRIER -LRB- not Collie -RRB- `` eats '' one of these in about 5 minutes ... too fast to be of any use to the teeth and almost too fast to cause concern in the digestive tract . Bummer too because these are supposed to be great for pups teeth ... just an agressive chewer defeats Greenie ... that 's all .
 My dog was on a bland diet -LRB- boiled chicken & rice -RRB- so his poop was usually solid but a few days after eating 1 Greenie a day , his poop became more liquid-y and green . Not sure if Greenies was actually the cause until I googled and read on various dog forums about how Greenies have affected other dogs . Stopped giving out my dog Greenies and have thrown them away . BEWARE , Greenies CAN be bad , so watch your dog after giving them out .
 I have bought greenies for my dog for 7 years -LRB- since she was a puppy -RRB- . She has always had digestive problems , but we did n't know why . While googling greenies a couple of weeks ago , I found that several dogs have died because they were not able to digest greenies . Please do some research before buying this product again . It could save your dog 's life . Since switching to another dog treat , my dog has not had any problems -LRB- although it has only been two weeks -RRB- .
 Please read this , it might save your dog 's life and/or health.This was on CNN and Veterinarians cautioned against giving these.I know , I liked those too , but our dog 's health is more important . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Half way through the supply , I noticed that there were tiny white worms boring through a greenie so I checked the remaining greenies and they also had worms . Please empty the contents of the box and check the greenies when you receive your order before giving them to your dog . This may have been an isolated incident but it would only take a few minutes to check the contents for freshness .
 I 've ordered Greenies two times now and both expire within a week of receiving them . I sent the first one back and wo n't see my money for 4-6 weeks . Guess I have to do the same yet again . Spend the extra dollar at the grocery store to be sure they are n't going to expire before you can use them . I do n't plan to feed my one dog 30 greenies before they expire on the 4th .
 Purchased the first box of the Greenies over the summer for my girlfriends Chihuahua . Dog liked the treats but then began to vomit . Took dog to the vet and nothing found . Soon after , the box contained small worms and larva yet had been kept sealed . Threw this box out.A few months later , ordered another box . Once again , shortly after giving the dog the treat , the dog started to vomit . Took the dog to the vet -LRB- again -RRB- and this time vet suggested the dog had a stomach infection and gave us antibiotics to provide to the dog.Today , upon opening the box of treats , once again , worms and larva were found.Two boxes , two thrown away . No more Greenies in our future . The manufacturer for certain has a quality control issue on its hands if worms are developing in the product . Both boxes were ordered from Amazon.com.My recommendation ? Absolutely find a different treat . Dangerous product - and costly !
 Bought the big box to be economical . . bad choice . My dog ate one reluctantly and then never ate another -- and this was over months . I gave them to a friend . My friend who owns a dog store said that many dogs have digestive upset with these , so I 'm not sad that my dog did n't like them .
 I made the mistake to give a Greeny to my puppy without reading reviews about this product . It was a bad idea . The poor puppy got very sick after eating a Greenie . He vomited and had diarrhea.I took him to urgent care and the Vet 's verdict -LRB- informed on the X-ray -RRB- was
 Bought these for my little shih-tzu a few months ago and he just will not eat or even chew on these things . And he 's a chewer ! Chews on everything else in the house , anyway . I tried coating it in peanut butter and he ate the first one , but the next time I tried he knew I was trying to trick him and would n't go near it .
 Read the stories online ... dogs have died from Greenies . I gave my 50lb pound dog Greenies for the first time 2 weeks ago , and she became very very sick for more than a week . She was vomiting and having potty issues the entire time . These cause blockages and do not allow the dog to fully digest . I ca n't believe these are still on the market.From one loving pet owner to another - DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE GIVING YOUR DOGS GREENIES ! TRUST ME .
 My dog loves greenies and they work great . My problem is I ordered small size and they sent me large . Very disappointing .
 I ordered the Teenie pack of Greenies that was supposed to come with 96 teenie sized chews . I ended up receiving a pack with 52 teenie sized chews and 8 large chews . I returned the product because I did not receive what I ordered . Amazon could n't replace my order because they could n't guarantee I would get the right product if ordered again .
 I ordered the large size but received the regular size for dogs 25-50 lbs . My dog is 75 lbs and needs the other size .
 The ad says 30 regular greenies , but the package I received says27 greenies .
 I bought these without first doing some research . I was giving these to my dog for a few days , her breath was great and I felt good that her teeth were also being cleaned aside from brushing . I noticed she was getting diarrhea didnt really think it was the greenies until I did research and found alot of dogs have digestive issues over this stuff and some small dogs have even died . My dog is 60lbs not small but it was affecting her stomach . I stopped for a week and her stool was back to normal . The other day I gave her one greenie to see how she would react and 12hrs later the diarrhea is back . She had it all day yesterday and some this morning , hopefully tomorrow it is all gone but these greenies are now in the garbage and I am in search of other dental chews .
 Our vet asked us to not give our dogs these because they can not digest them . Whatever they are made of does not break down once eaten , made my dog sick and when I cleaned his potty I saw entire chunks on the treat . They claim the new formula is digestable , but it was n't for our dog at least ...
 The reason why I say this is that our 9lb ShiTzu has been eating these once a day for a couple of years but on at least 20 or so occasions she has been vomiting and gagging after she eats them . Generally about an hour after ingestion.I switched from giving them earlier in the day to after a hearty meal but she still has a problem . We could not figure it out till we kept her off them and she is OK lately.I called the makers of Greenies about 6 times today , because it happened again earlier , I took a chance and wanted to see her response after a week of no Greenies and she started to gag again , anyway could not get through to the makers in TN , surprisingly enough.Just a message we are out on a group meeting.I hear about other complaints some in legal with this food and I strongly recommend you ask your vet.It may be possible it is only my dog 's sensitivity but thought I would give you my opinion in case others may have experienced the problem.My suggestion is to stop giving it and see if the stomach upsets stop if any one else shares my experience.I am giving 2 stars since she loved them but my own experience has been negative ... hope they are or found to be 100 % USDA safe and my dog is a rare example since I feel bad not giving it to her but then again her health comes first .
 A word to any dog owner out there
 We 've used this product for 2 weeks now on our puppy ~ twice a day . They say to wipe it on and wipe stains away . Does n't happen , did n't change anything at all . The one star rating should n't be there , but this ca n't be submitted without it .
 Seriously does n't work . I 've found the following to be the best solution :1 . Angel 's Eyes , regularly , then a very tiny amount daily .2 . Every few days wipe the tear stain areas with a puppy wipe .3 . After Step 2 , Dry with a Kleenex , so the red yeast does not have any moisture to work off of .
 I have n't used this product yet ... It just came in the mail today and one whiff of this stuff is enough to turn your stomach . It smells like strong ammonia mixed with something else ... like Windex ?? The ingredients are not listed on the bottle . I ordered mine from a different web site . I wish I would have come here and read the reviews first . Just from the smell of this stuff , there 's no way I 'm going to put it around my babies delicate eyes/nose/mouth . -LRB- I might clean my bathrooms with it though -RRB- I 've been reading reviews on Angel Eyes and there 's a lot of good ones . However , I 'm scared to risk it . I think it works but could cause serious side effects . -LRB- read the 1-2 star reviews -RRB- One reviewer mentioned that her vet suggested Peroxide . I tried it last night just before bedtime and woke up to seeing my babies face as white as snow ! I was amazed and I did n't expect such a huge difference just from using it one time ! My Maltese 's tear staining is from teething so it 's not as bad as some dogs . I used the peroxide full strength on a cotton ball -LRB- careful not to get it in the eye -RRB- and then I poured some on a small cosmetic/eyebrow/eyelash brush and combed it through around his eyes and mustache . -LRB- make sure you clean the dried up stuff first with warm water to soften and comb out with a cosmetic or flea comb -RRB- He looks so beautiful !
 I just rescued a chihuahua mix and although she 's in excellent health I was n't too thrilled about her tearstains . I did a little research online about the issue and after trying some home remedies -LRB- warm water , vaseline , etc -RRB- with no success I picked this up at my local pet food store . My poor pup is already hesitant to let me work on her eyes , but when I tried to use this product she actually seemed to be in pain . Her eye looks to be a little red and bloodshot now . I will ask my vet for a better recommendation this week and will not use this product again .
 I used this on my shih-tzu 's face every day until it was gone , and it made absolutely NO difference whatsoever . Save your money , this stuff is worthless .
 Used this product twice a day for a month on my Lhasa . It did nothing . No clean hair growing in , No damage control on the stained hair either .
 does n't help much at all for removing my dogs tear stains . understand that it would n't keep them away , but it does n't even remove much .
 I have a miniature poodle with a white coat and I have been trying to remove her tear stains with every product out there ... I bought this stuff and after the first use I was n't impressed . . I used it for about three days in a row . . Made a slight difference but . . I 'm sorry I just do n't have the time to use this regularly and you have to wipe really hard to get the stain to lift and by the time I was done ... I could see a lot of redness under her tear stains ... I just decided to stop using it because I did n't want to irritate her skin or cause it to burn by continuously using the product . The product smelled medicated ... It says you are supposed to use a cotton ball ... And it did not work with that at all ... So I used a cloth instead . . Ok product if you want to do this everyday to your dog but I do n't like it ... My search continues .
 When I first bought this online I was very excited all of that changed when I received it in the mail . The package was very small and I paid almost $ 10 for it . Plus the picture online dose n't even match what I recieved in the mail . Plus My hamster wo n't even eat it . Honestly I think this is the worst product I ever bought online and will never buy from this person again .
 Our puppy has to have these due to her age - but they are hard for her to eat as they are hard and we have to wrap in cheese to get her to eat them .
 The product was alright in the beginning but then it started to smell of urine , even after the wet saturated material was removed . I had gotten it because one of my cats has urinary problems . I 'm not sure if this product caused him to get ill , but he has passed away now . I have switched back to my old litter and will never buy this product again .
 These were hard and stale looking and almost all of them in the Jar were broken in half or some in pieces YUK!AWFUL !!!!!!
 Maybe these work for other dogs but we followed the instructions closely they did nothing to reduce the size or duration of the brown spots left by our dog 's urine . We went through 4 , 8 ounce wafer packages -LSB- ... -RSB- before throwing in the towel . After our efforts failed , we asked our vet for advice . He said he 's never seen any of these products perform as described . Check with your Vet first before making this investment .
 EXPERATION DATE WAS ONE YEAR OLD.CONTACTED AMAZON , IT WOULD COST ME MORE TO RETURN IDEM.HOW COULD THEY SHIP AN IDEM ONE YEAR AFTER THE EXPERATION DATE . I WAS A STEADY CUSTOMER OF AMAZON , BUT AM VERY DISAPOINTED.WATCH THE EXPERATION DATES.THEY SHOULD OF CONTACTED ME AND REPLACE THE IDEM . OTHER SELLERS DO .
 When I first starting ordering these i tought they said made in the USA -- then I saw on the pck '' China '' -- so I do n't know if there was a change OR if I misread at some point . I have made it a policy to buy NO treat from China -- esp snce reports of dog illnesses and death . I have 3 little dogs that love these but after feeding one of these my tiniest dog developed a partial intestinal obstruction anf suffered great pain , he required major vet assistance -- just short of surgery -- so I have to say I can not make a claim that these treats were the reson and my othre 2 dogs had no problem -- but with an abundance of caution I will feed no more
 The dog likes these treats , but they make her sick . It 'd be worth it to spend another 5 $ to avoid all the by-products in this .
 it did n't really work for me , tried it for my chinchilla and they just licked it off the things i sprayed it on
 Why gamble with your dog 's health ? These are made in China.Since Chinese manufacturers have proven that they do n't care if they make Chinese children sick and die , why would they care about American dogs ?? I would n't have checked even ONE star but this review would not postuntil I checked one.Check out Nature 's Variety Brand products instead .
 2/6/2013 These are made in China , which have been found to cause liver damage.They are great as treats . The only thing that I thought was kinda weird was the fact that there seems to be some kind of red coloring or something . At first I thought my dog 's gums were bleeding or something but it seems that its just a part of the product . Otherwise , he goes crazy for them so I 'm glad I got these .
 My dog loved these and ate one every other day for some time . She died last year of pancreatic issues . These treats are sourced in China and although the thick , chewy texture and shape , with the rawhide stick in the middle make a great , long-lasting chew that my dog loved . However , under the current suspicious of adverse medical issues relating to Chinese sourced dog treats , I would not allow my pet to consume these .
 The clicker type training did n't work nearly as well as just giving a treat at the time of obedience .
 This is a cute idea that has gone terribly wrong . You are told how to use a clicker to train a dog , ... and then you have to train them again with the words . It takes twice as long to teach them a trick with the clicker as it does to just use a hand motion or word to teach them . The `` tricks '' taught are , `` Here girl , Hide and seek -LRB- how easy is that ? -RRB- Gim me five ... -LRB- come on -RRB- , Fun with a box -LRB- put your dog in a box -RRB- Find the Keys , sit and down -LRB- okay , there 's one majorly lengthy idea that could be accomplished by pushing their butt down -RRB- ... need I say more ? If you want to pay a large price , plus shipping to learn how to teach your dog to sit down , this is the book for you . Otherwise , look farther . Not impressed .
 Be advised that some dogs LOVE this stuff and will happily lick it up . My puppy will lick this even while it 's still wet -- in fact , I think in his case it works as an attractant , not a deterrent . I had no luck with different brands either , such as Bitter Yuck . We were discussing this topic in obedience class and I 'd say it did not work for 60-75 % of the puppies whose owners tried it . And the people who said it did work complained that they had to re-apply it every day . I think it is still worth trying , but do n't get your hopes up that it is some sort of miracle spray .
 The product may work fine for other dogs , but unfortunately I have a female Lab that will eat or lick most anything . She made a face and shied away from the product at first , but was soon lapping it up .
 Our trainer and vet suggested we use this stuff , and other dog owners I know have had great success . My pup , however , is one stubborn little boy . He continued to lick everything we put it on . He would scrunch up his nose and make a face , but keep going . He would sneeze , but keep going . He was so determined to eat the objects with the spray on them , he chewed until he threw up . We stopped using it and simply correct each time he chews , distract , and replace with an object he IS allowed to chew . We are having much better success ! -LRB- Chocolate lab 4 months -RRB-
 First of all , I purchased this item , and did not receive the one pictured here . Instead I got the smaller version.When I called , the woman in `` customer service '' said that I WAS WRONG and that this page IS advertising the smaller feeder.The product is described as being `` 24.0 x 16.5 x 11.5 inches '' , and I do n't see anything about 8 inches . The measurements are off by several inches -LRB- as many as 5 on one side ... -RRB- . As for the quality of the item ... the main complaint that I have is that it is very difficult to remove the bowls from the feeder to get to the food . If you had water in one of the bowls , I am sure it would spill everywhere.The return was a hassle and they did n't refund the shipping costs . I wo n't buy from them again ...
 I 've been buying these for my dogs for about 3 years and of course , they had to go and change them . Now they are much smaller and twice the price.Heading to Costco . They have a huge box of dog bones for just a couple dollars more that the cost of this box.Will not order these again ! :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 I could hardly wait to give this toy to my pet for x-mas . He did enjoy it while it lasted . As of Feb it no longer works and I do n't see a way to possibly check the battery -LRB- if there is a battery -RRB- as the unit is contained inside . It was not handled roughly as I have a toy Brussels ' Griffon . For whatever reason , it decided to stop working over night , and unfortunately , without the sound , my pet is n't interested it in .
 I bought this as a gift for a good friend who has dogs . Within minutes , her dog had removed the hair from the tail and head , and he had started choking . She had to reach in and manually remove the `` feather '' from her dog 's throat . The dog still plays with it -- but not until AFTER she cut the remaining hair/feathers off the rooster . With that removed , the dog can safely play with his new toy , and he loves the sound the rooster makes.I would advise that anybody giving this to their beloved pet trim the head and tail hair real short before giving it to your dog .
 I wanted the sound of a rooster , that is why I bought this dog toy , but the sound was not loud enough for what I needed . I wish I could have heard the sound first before I bought it . I did n't returned it because it 's to much hassle . I gave it to my daughter for her dog to play with .
 If you 've read the reviews , MamaBear007 wrote that she sent this to a friend . I 'm that friend . I have 6 Greyhounds so they are large dogs with more toys than I care to count or pick up each night.This rooster was one of 6 fabulous toys MamaBear007 sent as Valentine 's Day gifts for my pups . At first glance , this rooster was a hit
 Got this for my chihuahua because she had a toy rooster that she loved . When you picked it up , or moved it at all , it would crow , and it lasted for over a year . Just ca n't find another one like it . This toy lasted for one hour before she had chewed a hole in it . Would not recommend .
 My 60 pound , 1 year old , Lab/Great Dane mix - that we have had for less than a week - managed to bust out of this crate . The end pieces do not properly latch on to the main frame of the crate and she was able to push the edges open far enough to squeeze out of the crate . We have attached the divider piece to the outside to strengthen that end of the crate and will see if this manages to contain her.I am doubting the durability of the construction of this particular crate and will probably need to purchase another crate in the near future .
 This crate works OK , just have to make sure you use a snap or clasp to keep the doors locked , as vibration will wiggle the latches open . I would not buy this crate if you have white coated dogs , as the finish will rub on the dog 's coat . I found this out while traveling to a dog show with my dog in the crate . When I got to the show , my dog came out looking like a zebra where she sat up against the side of the crate . I use midwest kennels , always found the fine for the shows , but I only purchase the black coated crates now .
 I 'm glad that the others who bought this enjoyed it , but my experience was horrible . I am buying a different brand because the first one shipped to my house with rust all over the bars and the box was ripped open on one side . The doors were clunky and hard to open . I ordered a replacement and this one was sealed perfectly , bars still rusted and doors clunky , hard to latch . I do n't want my puppies licking rust , plus it does n't look nice on the mostly silver bars . The hinge for one of the doors is broken on the new one also , so now I am just getting a refund and buying a Midwest / iCrate .
 Purchased this product after reading great reviews and certainly looking at a high quality product . I am an individual that believes you have to spend for a great product . Well it was n't . It is incredibly poor made , the quality is cheap , and on top of everything the instructions are in the worst written english ever , no diagrams , makes no sense . Then it is offers it in a different language.EXPENSIVE AND A TOTAL PIECE OF JUNK !
 I bought this item from another store for about 1/3 the price . Upon first use , the hose came off and would not stay back on . Also the pressure from the bathroom sink faucet blew the connection right off.If it stayed together and stayed on the faucet , it would be great . Otherwise , bad product , cheap product .
 Broke as soon as I turned the water on . The quick connect tabs broke off under barely any water pressure leaving the whole thing useless . Not to mention that when it says `` for indoor/outdoor use , '' by `` indoor use '' they forget to mention it will only attached to a sink faucet style threading , not a shower . WHO THE HELL WANTS TO WASH THEIR DOG IN A SINK UNLESS YOU HAVE A CHIHUAHUA !? This leaves you to use some kiddie tub/pool inside your house -LRB- if you so dare -RRB- or go to the hardware store and buy an adapter to convert 1/2in showerhead pipe thread into garden hose thread . You can stop there and use the very cheap plastic garden hose adapter for `` outdoor '' use or continue and purchase a garden hose to faucet adapter at which point you can connect the supplied metal faucet adapter which seems to be the only sturdy part in the whole package . I 'm hoping to get a refund and use my money to buy a simple 10ft section of garden hose and standard spray nozzle to attach to the above mentioned adapter that I already had to buy for this piece of junk . I 'll probably wind up with $ 20 leftover after that which I would gladly light on fire rather than give 1 cent to this company again .
 I bought one of these at a local store and will be returning it today . The first time I used it I was n't thrilled with it but it was better than the hose in my backyard . Yesterday I hooked it up to use it for a second time . When the water was turned on I quickly realized that something was very wrong . Water was spewing out of the bottom of the handheld unit in every direction . I turned the water off , disconnected everything and then tried again only to find myself being sprayed again . By this point I was wetter than the dog and she was n't very happy either . I had high hopes that this would make bathing my dog easier but it is obviously not well made so instead of easier it was a mess . I called thier customer service but was told that they could n't help me since I did not buy it from them . Thankfully the store I bought it at stands behind the products they sell since the company wo n't . This is also sold under the name Handy Groomer but it 's the same product/same company .
 After the second use , a piece broke that screws the hose to the unit . It is very difficult to get enough shampoo dispensed from the unit for the wash . I hardly get any shampoo to come out at all .
 this product is designed to make washing a pet easier , yet the faucet side leaked so badly the human would be the wet one.otherwise , i think the product is good concept .
 This item is a piece of junk . The design for the connect between the hose and the unit could n't be worse . As you are washing your dog the nozzle and the hose separate and water sprays all over the place . It 's very aggravating .
 I was getting ready to give my dog a bath , but after I hooked up the pet jet to the sink and turned on the water , it not only leaked , but shot water out all over . My husband is going to see if he can find a better connection to replace the cheap plastic one ... I hope it works !
 This product was very cheaply made . Instructions were near to nothing and when we got it hooked up to the spigot outside , the end popped off from the water pressure and if you tried swiveling it under the dog to wash his belly the darn thing popped off again . I was wetter than the dog by the time I got done . Would not recommend this product to no one . I then purchased the Rapid Bath and it is worth every penny . Sure you have to buy the shampoo for it but you surely stay drier .
 I wanted a sprayer that could be easily turned off and on while bathing the dog . I liked that you could use your own shampoo unlike the rapidbath system . First off , this will only fit your sink . It wo n't fit the shower head . I took my shower head to Lowes and tried several adapters , connecters etc and the guy working there kept telling me I would n't find anything . After about an hour I believed him and gave up . So I thought I could hook it to the sink and just pull it to the tub , it was close enough and the hose was long enough . Then after 2 uses , it started leaking , everywhere ! It was leaking at the connection to the sink , it was leaking at the connection to the sprayer and even from the sprayer itself . I just gave up and threw it away . It 's a great concept and if I could find another one that is better made and would fit my shower I would definitely buy it . It would also be nice if they made one with two chambers so you could put your shampoo and conditioner in it .
 This is a great product , before it starts falling apart . After about a dozen uses ... bathed the dogs , shampooed my hair , watered the plants ... the plastic compression ring that holds the hose onto the sprayer broke . The sprayer is useless without it since the water pressure pops the hose off of the sprayer without the compression ring to hold it in place . Several hardware stores said that it is a proprietary piece and they had nothing that would work . I emailed the manufacturer ... M2Pets ... 8 times ! I sent them my address twice and was told that a replacement piece would be sent , but after over a month of trying to actually get the piece ... to no avail ... I emailed them today and told them that I could not in good conscience recommend their product or their company . So I am out the $ 40 AND have to purchase a different sprayer.09-23-08 update
 this would be a great product but it does n't hold up under even minimal use . I had to replace three and then gave up . It leaks or does not dispense . Good idea - badly made .
 This thing was a waste of money . It leaks at the faucet connection . Pressing the button does n't always dispense soap , even when I put in the correct amount . I do n't really see this working better than a shower head . Worse yet , my unit shipped with instructions in a different language ! I did find the English instructions online but by then , I was already ready to toss this thing .
 The `` soap dispenser '' does n't work -- the water pressure is slower than a regular nozzle . Would NOT recommend -- waste of money .
 I found this product of no benefit at all . The shampoo dispenser does n't dispense well and the spray is less effective than a water hose on low . I 'd send it back , but I 've passed the 30 day timeline . I 'll just chalk it up to a lesson learned .
 I am very disappointed in this product . It does not work . I had a male cat that pottied on my carpet and I can not get the odor out of it . I bought this product because it said it would take it away . Wrong , I have used almost the whole bottle . The odor is still there . I do not recommend this at all . Thank you !
 This is a low quality bed . It is basically just an oversized pillow . Also , it looks nothing like the picture . The one I got was black -LRB- not red -RRB- .
 It was nice when we got it , the dog liked it but its 3 months old and flat , i was hoping it would last a little longer.Have the large size and hes a 90lb GSD .
 I anticipated a great reaction from my dogs . Much to my dismay they did n't go near it except to sniff ! The problem is that it is too full ! It 's like a huge , grossly overstuffed pillow . It does not have a zipper on the cover making it difficult to keep clean -LRB- even if they did use it -RRB- . I plan to open it up and remove some of the stuffing . A hassle since my fingers do n't work well .
 The dog bed is not comfortable for my dog to sleep on the filling is much to loose , calling the product a bed is a big stretch . I bought the extra large for a big dog and she just sinks through the bed provides no padding
 This bed is so , so . Yes , it 's a decent size , but it 's nothing to rant or rave about . My wife actually found a better bed -LRB- same size , plushy with a removeable outter shell -RRB- at PetSmart for cheaper . So now our dog as 2 beds . One for the crate -LRB- this bed -RRB- and one in the living room by us.The company is great , and the bed arrived in no time at all . Super fast shipping . I would buy from them again .
 Too much money for a pillow that is lightly packed . My dogs flattened it out in a matter of days .
 I was disappointed that there was no removable cover to wash . I have two large dogs and they did love them at first but now they are very lumpy and we have to keep shaking them to try and move the filling around . We can already see that they are n't going to last long even though we covered them with blankets and try and protect them . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This thing is terrible - returned it immediately . It 's essentially a king-sized pillow with a dollar store-looking cheapo case on it . If you want something like this , buy a king pillow and standard case . You 'll save big bucks and have the same outcome .
 The groomer at our vet used this product to remove skunk smell from our dog and within hours , the skin on his back was hairless , purple and beginning to scab - and the dog was scratching like mad . We 're on our second round of cortisone , plus antibiotics . The good news is that since the problem is along his spine , he ca n't reach it to scracth . The vet said he would have mutilated himself if he could reach it.This might not happen with every dog , but I would definitely use a tiny bit of it and wait before pouring it full-strength on the dog .
 This product did not get rid of the skunk smell . I bought many bottles of this and my dog still has the smell of skunk on him . I even tried the shampoo . I would not buy this again .
 It is little more than a cover for dog odors . It may work on skunk odor . My dog rolls in dead fish and the Skunk off covered the fish oder . However , the odor of the skunk off was very strong and I had to use soap to remove both the fish odor and the odor of the skunk off . I will just use soap and wash the dog and forget using the skunk off . -LRB- there use to be a product that I thought was called skunk off . It was an enzyme and really worked on all dog oders -RRB-
 This stuff may get some of the skunk odor off my dog but not as much as I hoped it would . What really bothers me though is the awful scent of the spray itself ! It smells just like the same deodorizer chemicals used in a porta-potty . Or when you first step into a camper , you can smell that awful chemical odor which is permeated throughout the camper no matter how clean it is . So I threw the stuff out and am going back to the X-O spray which has a much nicer scent .
 Unfortunately the product does not keep skunks at bay as promised . I sprayed this on my body , then went hiking in the forest but skunks still squirted me with their noxious fumes . I was stinking so bad I had to jump into a river to get my sinuses to work again.I do n't know if I got a bad can of the stuff or if it just does n't keep skunks away.Either way , ` Skunk Off ' really stinks .
 I wanted to love this brush - I have an old Four Paws brush that `` somehow '' ended up with the handle chewed off . the old brush was my favorite for my tender skinned aussie - and I had it for about 8 years.this new brush is plastic handled instead of wood - which is evident from the picture.The big problem with the new style is the little black safety ends are breaking off the pins after about 2 days of use . this leaves little sharp pins - making my pups & me unhappy .
 I know , I know . I 'm the only one posting a negative review . Listen , I was excited about this product and wanted to love it . Sadly , the smell is worse now.When we first applied the stuff , we thought it had worked . The cat pee smell seemed gone , but there was also an over powering `` soapy '' smell . In time , the annoying soapy smell went away and the cat urine smell returned . We then had the carpet professionally cleaned , which made the smell was even worse . Oh well , so much for this stuff ELIMINATING urine smell.If you want to try it , I wish you well ! I just know it did not work for us at all .
 It is a lot smaller than what is shown , obviously . there 's no navy piping around the edge , and the color is a dark cool taupe , not a light khaki.We did order this in large after we realized how very small the medium is , and the large looks exactly like as advertised .
 I wanted to love this brush - I have an old Four Paws brush that `` somehow '' ended up with the handle chewed off . the old brush was my favorite for my tender skinned aussie - and I had it for about 8 years.this new brush is plastic handled instead of wood - which is evident from the picture.The big problem with the new style is the little black safety ends are breaking off the pins after about 2 days of use . this leaves little sharp pins - making my pups & me unhappy .
 Arrived ont ime and in condition was good . Unfortunately the odor was not to my cat 's liking and she stayed far away from it . May work for some but not for Ms. Tulip !
 I bought all 3 of these products , the spray , the paste that they eat , and the room diffuser . My cat does not care for the spray , she wo n't go anywhere I spray it . As far as the room diffuser , I ca n't tell if that did anything for her or not , and it is not very strong like some reviews say , it has a light citrus/herbal scent . As far as the paste , my cat LOVES that stuff , she starts to meow and comes running when I get the tube out and I put it on my finger and she licks it right off , but again I do n't know if it does anything to help calm her down . I bought all of these in preparation for moving to a new apartment and wanted to use them at the new place , I did plug in the diffuser on the first day and had been giving her some of the paste every night starting before the move . It took her a few days to get used to the new place but I think that was just her . So I dont know if these products really work .
 We are not sure if this spray would calm down our cats . We have 8 of them . Some are restless , some are gentle .
 I recently bought this product with the assumption that bathing and nail clipping my new kitty would go much more smoothly . This was supposed to give me a somewhat calm and tranquil kitty but instead she would n't go near anything that I put it on and was just as unruly during grooming . I guess if I bought it to keep her away from things then I could say that it worked but I did n't for the intended purpose . Maybe it might work on someone elses cat but for my Persian and Himi kitties it did n't
 My cat is very aggressive towards guests coming to my house . I was hoping that this spray would help make him less agitated . But it did absolutely nothing . Although the smell is nice . But save your money and buy a cheapper air freshner .
 I think this spray smells really nice . I actually like spraying it around the house because it leaves a nice herby fragrance . However , I have n't noticed that my cats pay any attention to it whatsoever . I was using it to try to prevent the cats scratching on my couches . The couches smell nice now , but the cats are still scratching . It is a bit expensive to use as a fragrance spray or I would keep buying it to spray around the house just for the scent , but change cat behavior it does not.I was also having problems with my one cat spraying his territory in the house . He is an anxious sort . He has the most obsessive love for my daughter and me , and also feels that the house and all its contents are constantly in jeopardy of being claimed by another cat . He sometimes loses his marbles and sprays directly ON me , by the door , my side of the bed , and my daughter 's bedroom furniture . This calming spray does nothing to help with that , but the cat attract cat litter certainly helps cut down on that behavior . It is expensive , but I have had a lot of success with it . I hope that helps some of you that have a similar possessive feline at home . Since I got the litter , he mostly just rubs his face against my daughter and me , which we like . He can mark us as his property that way anytime he wants . The spraying right on me and near our beds , not so much.So , like I said , this is a lovely product as far as smell and ease of use , but I think I would only buy it at a lower cost to use as an air freshener , not buy it at a higher price for what is supposedly does but does n't do .
 Did n't seem to do anything ... my cat did n't want to go near the area for a while after using it ... rather disappointed
 The towelettes were not perforated very well . That made it hard to get them out of the container . For this reason I do ot recommend them .
 My dog had it 5 minutes and had ripped a hole in the plastic . Thought it would be more durable . Would not recommend to a dog that likes to chew . Very disapointed .
 Unfortunately , these thinning shears did not work for cutting my dog 's fur . Most of the other thinning shears available seemed quite pricey , but maybe you get what you pay for .
 Mixed as directed on label 1 and 1/3 oz per gal of water to use in hand spray bottle to spray my carpets/floors . It seemed to work for about 3 hrs , then the fleas are eating me up again in every room I sprayed and dog has n't been outside to bring more in yet . Seems it just put the fleas to sleep for a few hours and that was it . They 're just as bad as before I sprayed . $ 25 down the drain .
 It did not work for what I needed it for . It might make a nice air freshener , or work for other things , As fair as cleaning them up go 's . -LRB- more mild things maybe -RRB- but I was disaponted with it . And I would not buy it again for cleaning . maby as a fabress like thing . -LRB- But it did not clean it up , or get ride of the odor -RRB- but from what I have read it worked well for others cleaning things . So maybe its great for some things but not others . sorry about my spelling
 I bought this to remove an appallingly strong perfume odor on an eBay jacket , and it flat did not work at all . Had to donate the jacket to Goodwill . Bummer . So do n't buy this to remove synthetic odors , cos it wo n't do the job .
 There is nothing special about this product . It does n't really mask the smell of cat urine . However , it does not produce a nasty smell that some products do after being mixed with the amonia smell . If you are hoping that this odor neutralizer will get rid of the smell so your cat will not urinate on the furniture then do n't buy it . My cat just kept coming back . I had to buy a new couch . There has n't been a problem with the new couch yet .
 I read the reviews on these clippers.I have two different nail clippers.I have two dogs about 20 # each.Theyhave dark nails.The last time I clipped 1 dog I cut into yhe quick.I ordered these clippers to use on bothdogs.But I tried them on both dogs and can not get any light but Red.I will go back to my dremmel tool andgrinder wheel it works perfectly.The dogs do not like the noise.But it works Great .
 I was very leery so I tried this out on my dog with light nails first because I could clearly see the quick . It consistently indicated that part of the nail that contained the quick was `` safe '' to clip as indicated by the green light . If I had used it on my dog with dark nails this would have resulted in a disaster . I followed the directions exactly as written so the problem was with the device not with how I used it . I wish I had read the reviews on here first , but at least I was able to get my money refunded . I purchased a Dremel and am very pleased with its performance . Save your money and do not buy this !
 This sounded too good to be true and it was . It does n't work at all.It does n't detect the quick -LRB- or absence of quick -RRB- . For one nail out of 20 -LRB- 2 dogs , all with longish nails -RRB- it indicated it was safe to cut , and then the blades were so dull that the nail tip did n't come off and I had to use scissors to finish the job .
 Amazon should not assist this product to be sold with so many negative reviews . The pain and anxiety the pets have endured ; -LRB-
 This is a nice little concept , but it is definitely not as great as it sounds . I think most people who trim their dogs nails will agree that time is a big factor . Even a well behaved dog does n't really want you messing with their nails for a long time . This thing has to `` read '' where the quick is which requires holding it over the nail and waiting for it to tell you if it is ok to cut . No such luck in my household of four dogs . About the time it would think about reading ... they would wiggle just enough to have to start over . The other problem is the style of clipper . This style tends to splinter the nail leaving rough spots or potentially breaking it off shorter than you intended . I use the scissor type clipper and love the cut - very clean . I guess this type would work with little nails , but all my pooches are large breeds with heavy duty nails . In fact , it would n't cut my bloodhound 's nails at all . Needless to say , I returned it for a refund .
 I agree with the other three reviews . This is a piece of JUNK . Somebody should use these clippers on the people who wrote the instructions for use and see how they like it when you cut their nails into the quick ! OUCH !
 Do not buy . Super dull . Super bulky . Shatters nail instead of clipping . Save your money . My dog hates me now .
 My dog has never been so traumatized as when I trusted these clippers to tell me where the quick is in her nail and cut it way too short . We were both crying and there was blood everywhere ! The styptic powder only slowed the bleeding after five frantic minutes . It completely stopped after ten minutes . I thought we were going to have to rush her in to the vet for an emergency cauterization . Save yourself some money and trust your own judgment ; you ca n't possibly do a worse job .
 Does not perform as advertised . I could see this being used by the CIA as a torture device . It does not cut the nail but more like shatters it and can cause your pet pain . Avoid at all costs .
 I could not believe this item existed . I thought it was a life saver as both of my dogs fear nail clipping , actually I fear it more than they do as I have cut a quick in the past and felt guilty for years . Followed the simple instructions , but the green light would turn green too early , any common sense person would know that this would be wrong , but what about if it was someone 's first dog and did not know better about the quick , they would cut the nail too short and hurt the dog . The light would turn red where there was no quick.in brief
 I bought the Quick Finder to use on 2 dogs , A 40 pound black lab mix & a 55 pound Shepherd . Both have black and white nails , and the groomer does a horrible job on the dark ones , so I thought I 'd give the Quick Finder a try , so I could finally get all of their nails trimmed evenly . The first thing that I noticed was the awkward way you have to keep the handles partially squeeezed , to keep the sensor in the trimmers powered up , really awkward whey you 're trying to steady a nervous dog with one hand.After squeezing the handles , the red light came on and I inserted the dogs nail as shown in the video , I went to the base of the nail , and then slowly moved toward the tip of the nail as instructed , but the red light stayed on , never changing to yellow or green -LRB- safe to cut -RRB- . I checked the directions , and it said to let them turn off and try it again , but the same thing happened . Well to make a long short short . . this was the routine for over an hour , never once did any of the other lights come on , nor did it behave as is stated in the directions.After giving up on the electronics , I decided to try to use it as a standard trimmer , and clean up the dog 's nails . . that was a huge mistake , when I went to trim a nail , the blade did n't shear the nail , it dug into it , and the blades seperated and it basically gouged and crushed a spot on the nail -LRB- at which point I was bitten -RRB- . I finally had to find the old standard trimmers to clean up the mangled nail , and the Quick finder found it 's way back into the package for a prompt return.If you value your money , and more importantly . . if you value your pet , you should n't even consider purchasing the Quick Finder . This product needs a lot of work before it should be allowed on the market . I 'll never trust my dogs nails to the Quick Finder again .
 I did n't like these clippers either . Just wished I would have read the other reviews before ordering . Never could get the sensor to recognize the difference between the dead nail & the quick . Do n't want to chance hurting my two schnauzers . I 've learned from my mistake , but stuck with a $ 20 piece of junk .
 Not even close to being accurate . Buy the regular clippers because that is all this is good for anyways and this cost way to much !!!
 Cut nail jagged and had to file it after done . Found it hard to handle . If it was n't for the shipping charges I would just return it .
 This was the biggest waste of money i have ever spent . Does not work properly !!!!!!!
 Quick Finder Medium DogsDo n't waste your money - returning for a refund .
 I would not recommend this product to anyone , I used these clippers on my 8 month old beagle and they could barely cut his nails , his nails were still small and soft for the most part and when I went to clip the nail the red light would be on where I knew I could clip and the green light would be on when I could clearly see the quick in his nail . They made his nails crack because they were so dull before I even used them . I would love to get my money back for these , as they do me no good might as well bought an old fashion pair , and they would have done me better than this garbage !
 The concept of these is awesome . If only it actually worked . I read through the instructions which seemed simple enough . Start at the base of the nail so that the light is red and has a base for where the quick is , move slowly up it will flicker yellow , continue up the nail until it turns green . Great , my husband had a good hold on the squirming dog so that I was able to do all of this . The light meter did exactly as it had described it would do . Green ... go ! Unfortunately it certainly did n't detect properly and my dog bled all over the place , poor girl . Not only did we feel horrible the dog had to deal with the pain . DO NOT PURCHASE . Gives you a false sense of security .
 I 'd give this a 0 if I could .1 -RRB- Hard to use the detector . After about 15 mins of trying , I could get the sensors to work most of the time , sorta ; you have to have the dog 's nail positioned just right in the clipper , have it `` on '' while inserting the nail , and move the clippers slowly up the nail .2 -RRB- It ca n't cut ! This is ridiculously hard to use to cut the nail . My poor German-Shepherd mix was going nuts ; I had to cut some of the nails approximately 5 times to get the nail off . She 's only around 60-65 lbs , well within the limit . I 'm not sure if the leverage/torque -LRB- whatever the proper term is -RRB- is poor , or what , but it just would n't cut cleanly through the whole nail.In short , I have the same complaints most other owners had . I 'm going to attempt to return it to where I bought it , and hope to get my money back.I 'd list a positive if I could , but I do n't have any .
 Not only does the `` quick finder '' not work , but the blade even sucks !! It would n't even clip the nails ... only crushed and split the nail . This product should be pulled from the market for misleading advertising . A total waste of money . AMAZON , YOU NEED TO PULL THIS PRODUCT FROM YOUR WEBSITE !!!
 I should have checked the Amazon reviews before I plunked down the $ 35 for these . Free DVD made them seem easy enough to use . I was able to clip three of my Boston Terrier 's nails in about 10 minutes . You must keep the clipper handles depressed to keep it on , so you have one free hand to hold the dog and put its nail in the correct side . The lights are on the other side from where the nail goes in , so it was impossible for me to hold the dog and see the lights . No matter , the lights are never right anyway . A few of her nails are clear , so I can see the quick and the clippers were no where near it and the light was still red . When it was green , it was clipping so little of the nail , you could not even clip it . The blade on mine seemed very dull and it took a lot of force to get them to clip . Also , when it does clip , it makes a pop and scared my dog to death , who was already a nervous wreck because it was time to do nails . This may be worth it if you have an animal that will let you hold its paw forever . My dog kept jerking her paw away just before I would try to insert it . They are going back to the store ASAP .
 I have a 45-pound Norwegian Elkhound who is skittish when I clip her claws because I 've hit the quick twice over the past few years . I bought this new clipper hoping that it would solve my problem . The idea behind the clipper is good
 Save your money . Generally does n't work . I cut one nail with the green light but was so far the quick it was barely worth it . On the next nail I started the cut after getting the green light and the blade was so dull and I was so close to the quick my dog nearly jumped out of his skin . that was it for me . Essentially you are playing the same guessing game you play with any other nail clipper , although I have much more confidence in myself than I would this piece of junk . You are much better off spending the money on a high quality , sharp trimmer . Thank goodness I got a refund .
 When I first saw this item , I HAD to have it . I own 5 Doberman Pinschers and am TERRIBLE at clipping nails ! I bought the largest size because my dogs have very large , black nails that are hard to cut through . I used it on one dog and the batteries had already died . You have to restart it many times in order for it to work correctly and the blade is so cheap that it could n't get all the way through the nail without me having to use both hands to squeeze it . And , by using both hands , I was not able to hold the dog resulting in crappy cuts . I believe this was a very good idea that many could have benefited from but it needs to be made more compact and with higher quality construction .
 I bought this pet tool and tried it on several ofmy dogs . It does not work . It would turn red when I just barely got it on the tip of the nail and it would not cut at all ! I tried it on one dog that has white nails and I could see the quick , but it would turn red way before I even got to the quick.I should have just thrown the money away instead of buying this . Very disappointed .
 I tried a number of different ways to get this product to work . It always kept the red light on until completely off of the nail . I returned the product with great difficulty
 We bought this product so we would n't have to take our dog to the vet every time we needed her nails clipped . She only has one clear claw -LRB- the others are black -RRB- and we could see the blood supply in her clear claw while we practiced trying to use this product . The lights did n't register properly when we moved it over her claw . We tried for about 15 minutes , both my husband and I , to figure out the magic position to make it work correctly , but we never felt comfortable with the readings it was giving . Our dog was incredibly patient while we played with this thing and moved it over her claw trying to get it to register appropriately , but we finally gave up and we still bring her to the vet to get her nails clipped . And it sounded like such a good idea ... tricked again .
 I am very disappointed in this product . It is the nail clipper for pets that is suppose to show when it is safe to cut the nail . It does not work ! Not only did the safety lights not work , but I could not even cut through the nail of my miniature Schnauzer . Sounded too good to be true and it was .
 I bought this clipper for our cocker spaniel and paid about $ 30 for it at the pet store . The red light goes on at the very tip of the nail and then when you try to clip it , the clippers are so worthless that they just chew up the nail without cutting it . So your dog is already in for a horrible experience . I took the small size clipper back to the store to return it for the larger size . I just got it home and had the exact same experience with the second pair - I could only get it to cut through one nail - it chewed up another one before I quit . DO NOT BUY THIS CLIPPER ! It 's horrible and a total rip-off . Our poor dog is now traumatized by this thing .
 I bought this item a while back and was excited at the prospect of it helping me detect the quick so I would not hurt my dog . The problem is you need such a perfect touch for it to work right . You squeeze the handles to get it to work . But -- do it too far and it does n't work . Do it not quite far enough and it does n't work . All the while the dog is sitting there , not to happy about the situation . And the result was I probably cut off less than I could have because I did n't really trust the electronics . And if that is the case , do n't bother buying this - just get a really good clipper with no gadgetry and be done with it . So wait for version 2.0 - or buy one used a a cheap price so it 's okay if it does n't work well .
 Bought this thinking it would take some of the worry out if doing nails but it only created more . Do n't trust the sensor . It might turn red at the very tip of the nail and green at the base . Would love it if this great idea worked .
 Blade was dull , green light seemed unreliable , was a horrible clipper all in all , action was n't smooth and tended to crush my dogs nail ... Junk x 2
 The order did arrive very promptly but product was not what was expected . Do n't waste your money ! I have 2 dogs with black nails . Every time I went to clip their nails , the light would be green until I started to squeeze handle to clip nails . Then the light would turn red . The blade was not very sharp either . I would rather use regular nail clippers and just keep clipping the very tips of black nails -LRB- as done at Veterinary -RRB- until the nails are short enough without clipping into the quick . Big waste of money .
 sorry to say this product did n't work for me at all . I ca n't even get it to clip my dogs nails even ignoring the light . Which also does n't work like it 's supposed to .
 the quick find lights do not work as advertised and the cutting of the nail takes some effort . It does not cut very easily ,
 I saw this product and thought it would be a very helpful tool . My dog is a small mixed breed dog with black nails . She had one bad experience at the groomer where one of her quicks was cut and she 's terrified of getting her nails trimmed now . I thought this tool would help me do the job at home , quick and painlessly . The concept is nice , but the product itself is awful . I put the tool at the base of her nail as instructed and the green light -LRB- meaning
 I looked forward to a easy and safe way to clip my dogs nails . What I received was the complete opposite . The lights on the unit never worked , even after replacing the included battery . It is clumsy to hold and you need a minimum of three hands to operate . Waste of time and money .
 These nail clippers are made cheaply and wont even cut the nails of my 12 pound bichon . I am sorely disappointed in them , and would never recommend them .
 If you can get close to poochie to watch the green or red light AND then take his nails , good luck.Perhaps I just am not coordinated enough to use this high tech tool on my dachshunds ...
 It 's absolutely worthless ! The indicator systems seems to work completely randomly , not reliable at all .
 My dogs have mostly black nails and I thought this would alleviate the concern of cutting the nails too short . I did not think this gadget worked and the only reason I did n't send it back was the shipping was almost as much as the item . Not happy .
 This was a complete waste of money . I bought it thinking it would be great having light sensors to monitor how close to cut . It does n't cut , it crushes the nail . Very awkard to hold and see what your cutting . I went back to my old nail clippers .
 Just tried it out , and it did n't work very well . Lights were inconsistent , and the overall device was not sharp enough to really cut very well . I will probably try it again , just to make sure , but so far I could n't recommend this to anybody .
 We bought this to use on our pets and it was horrible ! The light would turn red no matter where on the nail it was , and the clipper would n't even cut the nail . I would not recommend this to anyone !
 I have to agree with most of the people here that this tool is a complete piece of poo . The reason for buying this lighted tool is to help give a pet owner piece of mind when clipping their pet 's nails . Assuming that your pet will sit absolutely perfectly still , it still just does n't work consistantly -- inconsistancy with the lights then causes you to doubt if the reading is accurate . One attempt caused it to light red the second it touched the nail . The next attempt caused it to glow red well past the quick . There must be a magic touch to using this but my pet refuses to sit still long enough for me to play delicate touch games with this instrument . And the lights at that point tell me absolutely nothing . I 'm still playing beat the clock guessing games.I too experienced the light going red at the inappropriate time , and in some cases not lighting up at all . At that point , on the first day of use , I realized this is an overpriced scam aimed at pulling your guilt strings at the possibility of harming your pets paws . It Simply Does Not Work . I can close my eye and take a stab in the dark and be just as accurate as the lights on this junk product.I am going to try the rotary tool that has recently showed up on tv and hope that technique works a little better . I consider this lighted tool a rip-off gimmick that is a complete waste of money . Contact me and I will send you my used Miracle Quick Finder tool free of charge ! I just want to get rid of this piece of poo .
 I have had dogs all of my life -LRB- 38 years -RRB- & this is by far , THE WORST PET CARE PRODUCT I have ever purchased . Not only did it not detect my Chocolate Labradors quick , but it would n't even cut through the nail . Furthermore , It felt very cheap . All my other trimmers have had weight to them . This one felt like it was going to break everytime I tried to cut one of my dogs nails . I will be returning this product tomorrow !!!
 Do not like this item . Difficult to use , especially on dogs that are n't cooperative in getting their nails clipped . A big bungly to use , at least in my prospetive . Could not always get the light to show me when to clip . I really would n't recommend this product . Sorry .
 I purchased this at petsmart while on vacation and did n't look at reviews first . Boy am I sorry !! It 's awful ! It makes this big noise when clipping that scares my dog , so it makes it a struggle when she was never scared before . Then the quick finder flat out does not work . This is going back !!
 I made 2 big mistakes to buy this so call quickFinder clipper.I rated one star for this review is far too much for it.I myself have 7 dogs , it did not work for any one of my dogs , the RED light keep on lighting regardless of the clipper blade position related to the nail of the dog.Some other times , the green light shows up even I moved the blade past through the middle of the nail , -LRB- I could see where the quick is , I just could not imagine what would be happened if I 'd close the clipper -RRB- . the 2nd mistake I made was , I 'd bought it from upco.com instead of Amazone , because I had to order some other items from them.I 've sent an email to upco for refund on the date I received the parcel , that was about 2 weeks ago now , but still no response yet .
 My wife is nervous about clipping our spaniels ' nails and bought this at petco today . These reviews are consistent ... the red light stays on , even when you can clearly see that it 's in a safe zone -LRB- I 'm actually good at nail clipping and would never have bought this thing . -RRB- And , true to other comments , it 's not sharp enough to actually function as a clipper , even if you know what you are doing without the lights working.Don ' t waste your money . Instead , find a clear nail with the quick easily visible , get some good quality clippers -LRB- read
 I have for dogs of various nail sizes and thickness and this product did not detect the quick nor cut the nail very disappointed .
 Like the other reviewer , this is a great concept that does n't get close to meeting even the barest of bare bones claims . Once I got my lab into a comatose state by petting him for 20 minutes , I then was able to manipulate the device to where the green light would illuminate for more than 2 milliseconds & then when I actually went to clip the nail it would crunch it -LRB- no cutting going on here -RRB- rather than actually clip it and he would jerk out of the contraption so you get to start all over again . Great clippers if you want to just smash your dogs nails!Also , this product is actually made or distributed by PETCO ; they are apparently using pseudonyms because of their Darth Vader customer service . PETCO rarely gives a refund ; `` Sorry , our 48 hour warranty has expired on that item , '' or `` oh , that 's a gift ? Sorry we have to credit it to the card that it was purchased on . If you could come back with your grandmothers Visa card , then we can go ahead and refund your $ 22.22 . '' And my fav under the ` Thats never happened before Dept , ' `` Oh , your puppy chewed the leash in two ? Sorry , misuse is n't covered under our return policy . `` Petco has huge product credibility issues ; and this economy has made them morph into a Scrooge style merchant .
 After trying , and trying , and trying I found that the product does not work as claimed . After following the instructions , and watching the `` how to '' video at the website , the LED detectors went from red to green , but the clipper was still on the quick -LRB- of a white nail -RRB- . The product does not perform as advertised . Unforutantely , Amazone does n't offer returns on 3rd party sellers , and the seller does n't issue refunds since the manufacturer does n't offer a guarantee that the product works . Do n't waste your money . The concept is good , but the product sux .
 We bought this product very excited to finally not have to be stressed when trimming our dogs nails , the idea for the product is great to bad it 's a junk , the balde is dull , the sensors do not work , and it did not cut my dogs nail it split it in half l , my dog is in pain now . DO BUY THIS !
 I bought the medium size -LRB- for dogs 40-75 lbs -RRB- for my 27-pound beagle . She has an extra toe and due to her not letting anyone touch that foot , it became infected a few weeks ago . Our vet cut it and treated her and said not to let it grow again . This product was recommended during a PetSmart training class I took my other dog to a few years ago , so I got it to try for her . First of all , her nails are literally over an inch long right now and the light turned red when I got near her paw ... not even had her claw in it . I obviously know her quick is n't that long , so I decided to ignore the light and cut her nails just a little . I fought this product to cut her first nail and it barely dug into the second nail . The point of this product is to NOT make cutting the nails painful by cutting into the quick . This product barely cuts at all and started to split her nail because the blade was so dull . Major thumbs down ... dissatisfied does n't even begin to cover it .
 I would give this item negative stars if possible because now I have to drive all the way back to Petco to return it . Bought it thinking it would help me find the quick and take the worry out of nail clipping but THIS PRODUCT SIMPLY DOES NOT WORK . As soon as you insert the nail , even before it gets to the clipper part , the clipper goes from green to red . I made sure my own fingers were n't in the way and I also made sure to follow the instructions exactly regarding nail and sensor placement . Thinking its a fluke , as per the instructions I turned the unit off , waited 30 seconds , turned it back on - same problem . Took the batteries out , waited 5 minutes , put them back in - same problem . And then I got a small steel rod and inserted it in the clipper and guess what -- > THE CLIPPER TURNED RED even though a steel rod obviously does not have a quick in the center . Tried this with a rolled up piece of paper too and the clipper also turned red indicating that the piece of paper has a quick . This product is ridiculous . How can a company keep selling a product that fails as miserably as this one ?
 i used this with my dog , thinking it would be a fantastic way to avoid cutting the quick and hurting him . boy was i wrong . do not trust this product and its lights - i clipped when the light turned green , my dog yelped , and started bleeding : -LRB-
 I bought the clipper for large dogs . I have two german shepherds , and the blade was so crappy it would n't cut the nails at all . My poor dog screamed when I tried to cut . Then I tried it on my cat , thinking it would be easier , and it would n't even clip my cat 's nails ! I 'm returning the product . Save your money .
 This is a rather expensive nail trimmer that does not do a good job of cutting my dog 's nails . First , I think the blade is geared for a smaller dog -LRB- even though the one I own is supposed to be for a `` mid-sized '' dog -RRB- , it takes a lot of hand strength to cut the actual nail . Then , it shatters the nail rather than cuts it , so you end up with splinters , rather than a clean nail slice.On top of that , this trimmer is supposed to find the quick , well the only time is gives you the green light is when the trimmer is away from the dog 's nail . Even when I placed the trimmer on the very tip of the nail , it still glowed red.Bottom line -- great idea , bad product .
 Lights are not correct . We have a dog and two rabbits . The rabbit 's anils always showed red , did n't matter where you were . The dog would turn green only when you were at the very end of the nail , cutting much too little off . Also the blade seemed dull and was hard to cut , and the top and bottom blade were not held together firmly , so when you put the small amount of the nail in that the lights indicated and tried to cut , the two blades would separate and not cut.Not worth it . Get a good quality pair of cutters without the gimmick and a small LED flashlight and you 'll be better off .
 It just cracks the nails and does n't cut them-not sharp enough . I emailed the company and got no reply .
 The lights take turns flashing and are inaccurate . Actually hurt my dog using it because I trusted the green light . A great idea , but it does n't work well at all .
 Blade was very dull and split my dog 's nail rather than cutting it . Also , the light indicator is not very easy to use . I would not recommend this product at all .
 This item did n't work at all . It cuts the nail but the lights never work right . I would have given it 0 stars if I could have !
 I was excited about this product as it seemed to address every pet owner 's worst nightmare - cutting the quick when trimming your pet 's nails . Unfortunately the product simply does not work . I tried using the method shown both in the product manual -LRB- which was n't very good to begin with -RRB- and thought that maybe I was doing something wrong . I then watched the instruction video on the product website and followed the directions exactly . The device always showed red and never displayed a safe to cut green light . I tried it on all three of our dogs , two with dark nails , one with light . In a nutshell , do n't buy this product . I would recommend looking at the Dremel nail trimmer instead . We 've had a much better experience with the Dremel -LRB- also available on Amazon for a great price -RRB- . Dremel 761-03 7,000 / 14,000 RPM Cordless Pet Nail Grooming Rotary Tool
 We were made to purchase this food from our breeder in order to pick up our puppy . We had hopes of just keeping our new puppy and switching our yorkie to this food . Unfortunately , our puppy was pooping close to 5 times a day and was always SO hungry . We also noticed our yorkie scratching a lot more pooping a lot more . Our vet told us it appeared that the reason our pups were pooping so much more was that they were n't absorbing what that needed to from the food and it was a being flushed out of their system . Our yorkie actually LOST weight on this food and our new pup demonstrated allergies and we were afraid of resulting malnutrition . Please do n't waste your time on this food . Dogs need completely different nutrition than humans .
 Do n't bother with Life 's Abundance dog food . I was swayed by all the glowing reviews that I researched . Here are the cold hard facts I experienced . 1 . -RRB- My dogs did n't like the food . 2 . -RRB- One of my dogs had an allergic food reaction to the chow which resulted in expensive vet treatment . 3 . -RRB- The satisfaction guarantee and free sample have yet to be seen . 4 . -RRB- Good luck getting off their mailing list . 5 . -RRB- The auto-ship process is a real pain to extract yourself from . 6 . -RRB- Food is expensive . 7 . -RRB- You pay shipping each time . I was disappointed and I 'm still waiting to receive refund after a month . Take your money elsewhere ; your dog , wallet and headache will appreciate you for it .
 this is supposed to be the new and improved x-o . i mainly tried the new one for odor control in bathroom , etc. as with the earlier formula , it really does not help bathroom odors , and it leaves behind a strange smell . they should at least have added some citrus scent to the stuff .
 This product does not prevent my dog from making again in the same spot . It is as if it has the opposite effect . It does not clean at all , it stains more the area , it is as if it does not penetrate the tile because it is greasy . Besides the dog goes to the spot I cleaned with this product and makes again on the same spot . I am totally dissatisfied with this product . I want to return it but I used it already . It was a waste of my money !
 I was given this as a house warming gift , and it was cute and charming and we did enjoy watching birds coming to feed right outside the window . We had to remove it within a month because : - Birds hovering around it kept flying into the glass and injuring themselves . - Squirrels kept jumping into the glass at high speed to raid it . - Bird body waste kept accumulating on the window.It seems like a good idea until after you pick up a dead bird or two from the ground below it , and you realize you really are n't doing much for birdkind with this feeder . The squirrels attacking it hit the window with enough noise to make everyone in the house jump , and it 's just luck the glass did n't break and we did n't have a squirrel in the kitchen . Maybe if you have smarter birds and dumber squirrels it will work for you .
 It is nice that it sticks to the window , but it has been up for 3 weeks and we have yet to see a bird land on it .
 The birds took to this feeder quickly , but I was concerned about the thin walled plastic that was used . I had the feeder a little over a year when the squirrel started investigating this feeder.They started by enlarging the slot hole and eventually made it a large gash that the thistle seed would pour out of.One thing to note is the diameter of the feed tube . The thistle feeder diameter is only about 3 '' . I have another Droll feeder that hangs alongside this this thistle feeder -LRB- for larger bird with sunflower seeds -RRB- , and the due to it 's much larger diameter -LRB- ~ 6 '' -RRB- , the squirrels have been unable to chomp on it -LRB- thusfar -RRB- . So now I 'm looking for a new feeder , and probably one with a larger diameter .
 The bird food is not protected from moisture . Therefore , the seed gets wet and hardens so that the birds can not get to the seeds ,
 Holes were too small for typical finch feed mix of thistle nyjer millet and small sunflower hull pieces . Switched to nyjer seed only and finches who had given up came back . So did woodpecker which promptly enlarged hole , followed by squirrel who gouged out a huge hole . Cylinder should be glass . Wasted my money .
 My credit card was charged for this item the day of the order - May 3rd . This is June 12th and I still have not received the Thistle Feeder . If Amazon is going to allow these vendors to sell their merchandise under their website then they should back these purchases . But they indicate that they only back purchases using Amazon Payments . This is not right .
 it 's hard to tell if it 's working , so i sometimes feed the fish . of course , this negates the purpose of the automatic feeder . i would not recommend it .
 i purchased a dog off ultrasonic dog trainer.i have now returned it as it is useless , i have tried the dog off button on a total of 27 dogs and not one of them gave any reaction too the so called ultrasonic waves.i then asked my local dog trainer what he thought of it , he said the idea is good but this product is not
 First of all , the strap and belt holder parts fall off . Next , the switch to turn on the flashlight goes defunct and drops into the unit so you can only turn it on with a fingernail or object . I 've had it maybe 5 months.Does it scare off loose dogs ? I do n't know because they seem to ignore it totally . I think it 's not nearly strong enough . It certainly is n't sturdy enough to withstand being carried around!Plus it 's bulky/big and is n't small like a cell phone or other device to carry .
 i bought this product because i work as a residential building maintenance tech . , and ive had many close calls with aggresive dogs.a month ago i finally got bit by a doberman pincer . the day after i recieved this product , i used it on every dog i came across . it had no effect whatsoever.the only thing it would be good for if an aggresive dog was coming at you would be to throw it at the dog ... and even then its such a cheap light weight plastic ... useless
 I installed the battery and then pressed the button that is suppose to help repel a dog or get him/her to stop barking . I immediately got a terrible pain in both ears and then got an awful headache . I rarely get headaches so was surprised to get one so quickly right after I pushed the button . Now I am afraid to use the Dog-Off since I do not want to have that pain again . It is now 30 minutes later and my ears are still in terrible pain .
 I was looking for a sonic dog training device and this thing has so many features I did n't seek out , none of the features then I dropped it and the siren alarm would n't stop , carry the device . It has a belt clip and a lainer , but while wearing it I lost the battery cover , duct tape only went so far . I need another , but will not be buying this brand again
 I bought 2 unit of this becouse I found it cheap in Amazone but it seem to be made of very pure quality the advirtisment said alot but It 's not worthy at all .
 Do n't buy this . Had no luck with this at all . I ended up throwing this away . Not worth buying , select something else .
 Purchased this to help quiet an annoying ankle biter dog that a typically oblivious owner has failed to property train and control . Attempted to use for 1 month with absolutely NO effect what so ever . Complete waste of money . The manufacturer obviously takes advantage of the frustrations of pepole in order to make money from an ineffective product .
 I have bought this product and its not worth any cent i have paid for because none of my dogs reacted to it they seem like they here something but they do NOTHING and only a few cats responded to it so please do not buy it find some other brand .
 This product worked for about a week , then I noticed that my dog was not reacting to it anymore . Humans can not hear the noise it makes , so the only way for me to test it is to wait for when my dog is n't doing anything and push the button . Nothing . The flash light works so it 's not the batteries , it just does n't work anymore . Spend the money for a more expensive trainer .
 My dog trainer recommended this product to help train my puppy . It worked for 1 day , after that she became immune to the ultra sonic sound . Not a good training device .
 Item does not work at all for what it is intended for . The flashlight and personal alarm work great.The portion that is supposed to be for a dog does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING . It does not matter how close you are to the dog either . You can put this thing right up to a dog and they think its a chew toy .
 I can not review the Lentek PD01C dog trainer that I ordered . I was sent a different type of dog trainer/repeller without contacting me . The unit I got does n't even have a strap , is smaller , and does n't work against barking dogs . This review is for Amazon.com . I am unhappy . I should have been contacted before I was sent a substitute . Now to send it back I have to pay shipping and a 20 % re-stocking fee . So I have to spend more money for something I did n't order to get back part of my money . Amazon.com you suck .
 Not enough volume to catch or keep a dog 's attention . Dogs can hear it as indicated by a perked ear , but will not show any aversion to the noise .
 Does n't work on my dogs -LRB- dachshunds -RRB- even though my friends with dachshunds ranted how great it was . No clear instructions on how to use - so I just pointed it and pressed when they were barking excessively - no response at all . Probably try to resell it to get some of my money back . So back to yelling at them to SHUT UP !
 This dog trainer is WORTHLESS !!! I purchased it hopes of somehow stopping the continual barking of the dogs next door and NOTHING !!! I then tried the product on over a dozen dogs in the area , and again , no reponse . The trainer is cheap plastic , and the belt holder piece has a fake screw on it . The toys in McDonald 's Happy Meals are of higher quality than this item . If you truly want this item , just stand in the wind and rip up your dollars one at a time-it will be more effective at stopping barking .
 I liked this cute little tag when I got it , though I ca n't speak to its reflectiveness as I never let my puppy out in the street at night . However , in little over a month my puppy managed to chew it beyond recognition . The letters are no longer readable and I 'm going to have to order a new tag . This time I 'll go for a metal one .
 This was our puppy 's first ID tag -- the plastic coated version . She hated it from the start and managed to give it many good chews . Eventually you could n't read the inscription at all.We then found a stainless steel tag that slips onto the collar instead . Works great ! Should last and last .
 Received Squeaker ball today . It is too big for her little mouth to squeak . If this was available in TWO SIZES it would be # 1 squeak toy . Dog is 7 pounds . Would be great for Medium sized dogs and larger.1-1-10Looked at all Squeaker toys . I wanted a ball to help exercise our dog . If anyone knows of a Squeaker ball that is SMALLER and this quality PLEASE reply . THANK YOU.1-7-10The dog just chewed a hole in the `` Quality material . '' I really thought it was more durable . Star rating changed from 5 to 1 . If you buy this ball use if for `` fetch '' only , do n't let dog hold onto it .
 I bought this for my 6 year old cocker spaniel who only weights 19 lbs . She is not rough on toys at all , she only played catch with it , she does n't actually chew on it and it still fell apart . We played with it as soon as I got it , and it started to fall apart immediately . The seams are not sewn together well and stuffing started to come out of the seams . After a few days , we had to throw it away because we were scared she would swallow some of the stuffing . It is a cute toy , but not durable at all . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This shampoo takes a while to work . Do n't be surprised if you do n't have a snowy white dog the first time around . I used it on my white toy poodle and he still has some staining after the 5th bath . -LRB- After following directions exactly for each bath -RRB- The staining on his fur does look better - but I think a few of the people writing reviews on this product are over exaggerating a bit if they tell you it 's perfect thing for whiting your dog . Let 's just say it helps ... but it 's not a miracle worker !
 I have used this on my Westie about five times in the past two weeks , trying to remove the brown stains from her feet & mouth . I have used it as directed -- it 's a pain to follow the instructions -LRB- no , I did n't dilute it -RRB- and so far I see no difference . As a challenge , sometime try applying a warmed-up shampoo to the feet of an active terrier , putting little baggies on her feet , facing electrocution while further warming up those feet in the sink with a hair dryer ... and timing it for 6-8 minutes before you rinse her . It is n't easy -- I had really hoped it would work . So far , nothing . Perhaps it works for easy facial stains from tears , etc. but it does n't do much for the tough ones .
 I 've tried changing my dogs food to food with no coloring and no chicken or beef products , tried treating my house for microscopic bugs -LRB- the two other dogs do not itch at all so this was most likely not the cause -RRB- , and tried several other home remedies . The vet said that it is probably just natural allergies just like humans get , combined with a habit of scratching that dogs get can used to.Well after having the only thing that works for my dogs itching be a cortisone shot , I cant afford the $ 50 every 2 months so I tried this . I got my dogs hair cut very short , which in itself seemed to help a little with the itching . When using this product , it seems to work a little but nothing very noticeable . He still itches and the only thing that helps him are cortisone shots . This shampoo also makes him smell like a combination of garbage and used fireworks , but it is a minor complaint since it is only noticeable if your nose is very close to him . So unless youre constantly making out with your dog , this is not so bad .
 My pitbull suffers from seasonal allergies and overall dry/itchy skin and this shampoo not only smelled AWFUL , but was so harsh that he now has flaky skin to boot ! My vet described a much gentler Epi-Soothe shampoo and conditioning rinse combo so we 'll see if we can correct the damage done by sulfodene . If your dog 's coat is sensitive and already quite dry , a strong deodorizing shampoo may prove too aggressive .
 Save yourself a ton of money and search for `` rainbow ball golf '' on Amazon . You can get 50 or 110 of * firm * rainbow foam balls for much less money per ball -LRB- same size as Peek-a-Prize or Smart Cat balls -RRB- . BTW , the firm foam balls last longer & do n't disintergrate as easily as the dimpled soft foam balls -LRB- personally I wonder if the last could cause digestive problems -RRB- . I 've reviewed the rainbow golf balls tooA99 Golf Rainbow Foam Ball Practice 50 Pcs with BucketA99 Golf Rainbow Foam Ball Practice 110 Pcs with Bucket
 Cat behavior varies , of course , but our cat took one whiff of these Sponge Balls and walked away , totally uninterested in having anything to do with them . They have an industrial chemical smell that probably takes awhile to off-gas . By comparison , our cat loves theHartz Pom Poms Cat Toy , which have no discernible odor .
 After feeding this cereal to my Maine coon who was 6 , for only 8 months , he died of bladder stones . URI After his tragic death , I decided to research what caused his demise.l I found that dry cat foods are in now way suitable for any cat because of plant based proteins , not animal based . Cats ca n't digest plants they are carnivores . high usage of grains , high levels of carbs and of course no water . Do Yourself a favor and feed only wet food to your cat . This stuff or any dry food is nothing more than meat flavored cereal , made the same way as Capetian Crunch . If you do n't beleive my review , do your own research . My other cat who is just a year will only eat wet food now which is low in all the bad stuff and roughly 75 % water . Hydration in cats is everything .
 what a waste of money , does n't do what it is supposed to . I 've spent to so much money on these products only to find they do n't work
 This worked better than the shampoo . But ONLY for hot spots . Even then , it still only reduced scratching of those spots by 50 % , if that . When I applied it to general small areas where he is digging with his back feet -LRB- sides , sides of face and chin -RRB- it did nothing . The best way to apply it is only to hotspots -LRB- rashes from digging -RRB- or to a bigger yet still smallish area , in which you would have to have your dog have a very short haircut . This is the last resort after I have tried everything else -LRB- changing food to non-color , non-chicken & non-beef , treating carpets for mites/bugs , and a dozen other things -RRB- . The only thing I havent tried yet is herbal medicine that the vet said would help a lot , but it is expensive . Only cortisone shots work , and they are expensive and last about 2 months . Its a shame I was hoping this would work at least half as good as all the other reviewers have said , but it doesnt for my dog .
 This product did nothing to help my dog stop licking his paws . I 've tried medicine and a calming collar and nothing works .
 I love our vet I just keep in case of emergencies also keep in may car in my dogs first aid kit
 I have a rough collie with a little hot spot on his thigh . I applied this on a cotton ball to the area gently . My dog was in so much pain from the sulfadene he looked at me wide-eyed and was shaking , it must 've burned a lot so I immediately stopped , put some aloe on the hot spot & petted him until he relaxed . Unfortunately , this product does n't work on my dog so I give it 1 star . I 'll have to keep looking around for a natural hot spot remedy for my dog ...
 If your dog is an aggressive chewer do not purchase this product . I feel it is only recommended for a puppy or small dog . It is not as durable as the orka .
 my dogs did not show any ecitement over this treat . not saying there is anything wrong with it my chihs just do n't care for them .
 Rabbits are like 2 year olds . They will pick out the yummy treat bits and eat less of the pellets . Rabbits should NEVER be fed peanuts and only FRESH carrots and banana should be given and only SPARINGLY as a treat . This rabbit `` food '' will lead to an overweight and sick rabbit . This would be like feeding you child fast food every day . Sure , they will devour it because it tastes good , but is is HORRIBLE nutrition for them . A timothy based pellet with NO extra goody pieces with a high fiber content is much better for your rabbit . They should only receive a small amount of pellets . My 7lb rabbit only gets 1/4c . of pellets a day , but does n't even finish that because she is fed UNLIMITED timothy hay and plenty of fresh greens every day .
 First off , I will say that I am a very big fan of Petstages toys . We have a 4 month old 20lb English Setter puppy , and have had great success with their two other toys -LRB- `` soft toss ring '' and `` rag rope toy '' -RRB- . We bought this thinking it would have the same quality as the other two - not so at all.First , the product description says the toy `` incorporates various sounds '' ... I wish they had gone ahead and said that one ball has a bell inside , and the other side is a squeak toy . We do n't give our dogs squeak toys , on account of the fact that we also have pet birds -LRB- whose voices sound exactly like the squeak toy - get my drift ? -RRB- . So had I known , I would not have bought the toy . Not a big deal - just spent 20 minutes killing the squeaker inside the toy.Second , and this is really the kicker - both balls have textured bumps on them , in the shape of triangles and circles . I understand that these different textures are to engage and stimulate the dog . But YOU NEED TO MAKE A TOY WHERE A PUPPY CAN NOT CHEW THEM OFF IN 5 MINUTES . Literally . And so I was forced to decide between letting this dog keep chewing on these little rubber pieces -LRB- which would end up being a trip to the vet 's office -RRB- , or to trash the toy . Chewing off the pieces also meant little holes all over the toy , which meant both the squeaker and the bell were next down my dog 's throat.If I had a stronger breed , or an older dog , this would be one thing . But this is the first toy that has n't made it - almost every other toy she has , she 's had since we got her and they are not destroyed.Playstages , you need to up your game . This is the first rubber-type toy I 've bought from you , and it will be the last . I 'll stick with the cloth and rope toys from you , and the Kong toys if I want something that lasts . Very disappointed .
 I purchased this collar end of 2009 . Now it is in tatters . The exctremely thin outer leather is too fragile and tears up easily .
 I 'm not sure how this product can be as bad as it is . When the litter we were happily using -LRB- Field Fresh -RRB- stopped being manufactured , we tried this . It smells okay until a cat actually uses it . Then the smell gets progressively worse over the next day . Their claim that it eliminates odors is ridiculous . I even tried scooping it every day -LRB- which they say you do n't have to do -RRB- but it made almost no difference . The cat urine soaks into the flaky bark material , and just makes big wet clumps that reek . The only way it `` works '' is to completely dump it 2X per day . Not exactly cost effective ! Go with something else -LRB- we found Feline Pine to be okay but our cats did n't like it ; the corn husk or corn cob stuff seems to work well , and our cats like the texture more -- so we 'll look for something else like it -RRB- .
 First of all , it does n't stand up on its own , you have to use duct tape ! Otherwise it 'll collapse on your cat . Secondly , my cat only used the litter for 3 days , it smelled good and all but he would n't go near it after that .
 I tried to use this litterbox but it failed miserably . Like other reviewers have said , the cats did n't like the smell . Cats dislike citrus smells , and a good cat deterrent for problem spots are citrus juices or oils ! . But the biggest reason is that after I finally got the cats to use it , urine soaks straight though the cardboard ! The cardboard is not even coated ! If it was made of a foldup plastic , or even a plastic coated cardboard and used a better litter It would be fantastic . As others have said , great idea , poor execution .
 We bought this product with high hopes to keep in the room with one of our cats who is a bit antisocial . The idea of a low maintenance , inexpensive , disposable litterbox was very appealing . The best thing would probably be to shell out for a Littermaid or similar product , as this one suffers from design flaws.The assembly instructions are not that great , and seem to have been designed to make it look simple , where greater detail and better illustrations would have helped . The poor design rears its ugly head when attempting to unfold the front and rear panels . While this is n't difficult , there is an unneeded fold at each corner of the front and rear panels that causes them to sag outwards under their own weight , thereby compromising the integrity of the structure . I would also like to see a better way to keep the litter contained within the box . It seems like the present method would allow for leakage through the bottom of the box itself . The instructions call for removing some kind of seal , but there 's no seal to remove . The litter 's in a plastic bag , which must be removed from the box.In order to get the box to stay together , we had to supplement the assembly with duct tape.This product has a great deal of potential , but the execution here is poor . I may be expecting too much , but it just does n't seem to work at it is presented .
 I purchased two CitraMax Pop N ' Toss boxes several months ago and set them aside to use later . Recently I 've begun to notice an abundance of tiny beetles all over my house , and quickly discovered the CitraMax Pop N ' Toss boxes were the source of the infestation . The shrink wrap on the boxes had been punctured and there were bugs everywhere.Apparently these are beetles that commonly infest natural products such as grain , dried leaves , dried plants , etc. and typically they are already in the product upon purchase.They are very difficult to eradicate . Now I have the gargantuan task of eradicating these bugs from my household and have to hope they do not damage my linens and clothing where they seem to love to hide.So , be very cautious of this product if you decide to try it .
 I tried this litter when they were having a `` try it free '' promotion . Thank goodness I did n't have to pay for it . After two days of use -LRB- and removing the solid waste daily -RRB- , the smell was unbearable . It was as if 10 cats had been using the box for a month without it being changed . I liked the idea of a natural product , but this is not the solution . I will keep searching for the ideal product . In the meantime , it 's back to clumping litter .
 We got this ball for my 1 year old Aussie/Border Collie mix and she loved it . The treats inside did not come out simply by licking or squeezing , as she does with all the Kong products -LRB- highly recommended ! -RRB- , so it was fun and different . But , after a few times with the ball , she easily pulled the red soft rubber apart . If you have a puppy or someone who does not like to chew , but will simply try to get the treats out of the ball , this could be a fun toy . For us , it lasted about 3 days .
 My little 10-pound dachshund destroyed this toy the first day . The soft rubber side is easily chewed through to get at the treat . The plastic around the middle can be chewed off in pieces . The fabric loops can also be chewed off . Dogs could potentially choke on all the pieces that can be chewed off this toy . For us , is was n't worth the money .
 Hi , My name is Mort and I am an 8 month old lab and New Foundland mix . I love to chew . Santa brought me this for Christmas . I loved it ! Mom was not happy that the ball and the treats lasted less than 8 hours in the house . Mom says I need to take better care of my toys ! Not a toy for a puppy that LOVES to chew !!!
 Product was destroyed by a 20 lb mini schnauzer in less than one hour , would not reccomend for the price
 This is not crystal litter , which is what I wanted . I noticed that others have said the same , but I did not notice these reviews at the time I bought the litter or I would not have bought it . I think the advertising should be pulled and more truthful advertising inserted . I normally use crystal only litter and this is some type of clay litter with micro crystals added . I am going to have to scoop liquid and solid , which I do not want . I had to use it because I was totally out of litter and I trusted Amazon . Mistake !
 This litter is gummy . It sticks to EVERYTHING ! The scoop , the bottom of the box is a gummy goopy mess every time I clean it . Cleaning takes longer than it should because of this . I had used this several years ago and it was great , but I think in the effort to get it to clump harder they have made it more difficult .
 I received this item I or according to the picture it supposed to be bllue crystals not grey gravel . I called the company and said send it back . I am going to pay to have it shipped back . It going to be alot of money to ship it back . They also say it is not their fault , but it is the manufacture . Well they sell it . It is garbage and it does not look like the picture on Amazon . Garbage . It is the color grey like regular gravel would . They are desiving the customer . Terrible .
 I followed directions for use in both the clothes washer and in the carpet cleaning machine , but noticed little difference in removal of urine odor ... I 'm not impressed with this stuff .
 people recommended this and i had high hopes i have used it in many different ways and on many different things - havent noticed any differance
 I have 3 dogs and one is a golden doodle who eats anything but swallows everything as soon as he can get it down his throat which means no more round rawhide . My picky dog said no right away even though I was hoping the peanut butter flavor would help . The oldest dog just took hers to guard for a few hours than abandoned it to the puppy who just could n't wait to have two now -LRB- puppy greed -RRB- . 3 hours later they are still around and almost caused a fight since the older dog just wanted to check again to see if maybe I 'll give it another go -LRB- only because the puppy now had it -RRB- . If your dog likes these types of chews than I say go for it . It seems mine do not . This is my 2nd flavor -LRB- different brands -RRB- and none of them seem to overly enjoy them .
 These treats made both of my dogs sick . . I have a 75 lbs dog and a 49lbs dog . Both of them were vomiting & had diarrhea after eating this product .
 So far I have not had success with this product . I have used it on old spots that I used other products on and that may be the reason . Thankfully , I have n't had any new spots .
 BOOOOO !!! Bad product that leaves a film on your floor !! this is more like an attractant than deterrent !! my dog still pees in the same spot and I have been using this junk for 4 months !! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !! Vinager works far better than this crap !!!
 The poop without this product smells better than with the product . Th Odor remover also gives me a throbbing headache . You might try it and see for yourself .
 Guess I should have known not to order 36 ' light bulbs on line and expected to recieve theme in one piece , I know better now ! No prob , Still Love Ya Amazon !!!
 My brother and I have each purchased this product for our dogs . The range starts out excellent -LRB- several hundred yards -RRB- but after 6 months or so both of our remotes saw a huge decrease in both battery life and range . I am going to purchase a replacement battery for the remote , but this is the second sportdog product I 've owned and they have both had serious issues with battery life and remote range .
 I just got this and the Add-A-Collar since I have two dogs , and if I 'm reading the manual right , all three buttons on the transmitter do the same thing , shock the dog . I want to be able to train them with the tone and use the shock as a last resort , so if I want to do that , I have to buy another transmitter ? How stupid is that ?!?
 I initially thought this trainer was a good buy . However after about 6 months I noticed -LRB- nearly too late -RRB- thatthe trainer was failing at distances over 30 ft. It was originally good for around a half mile . It was completely chargedbut just not working.At the price this is just not acceptable.I have contacted the company but have not received a response as yet.A big disappointment .
 I purchased this item for my 5 month lab , and it worked great for 2 days . I read the manual and followed the directions and it was exactly what we wanted to further train our puppy . Yesterday while in the kitchen my dog yelped , and then several seconds later another yelp . then it was constant panic and yelping . I went into shock trying to get the collar off my dog because i realized that the collar was shocking my dog for no reason . It was on tight and in order to get the collar off i had to grab some scissors to get it off . He is now spooked and wo n't even go back into the kitchen . So what I was trying to establish , has now went into the wrong direction and I 'm extremely upset for this . I kept the remote on top of a counter with nothing around it to set if out . I thought this was a great collar but it only takes one mistake to ruin everything . Please use with caution , because it could have happened in the water or somewhere you could n't get to him fast enough .
 After using the SD-800 collar four times in the last year , the transmitter failed . SportDog will NOT honor the warranty because I bought from an unauthorized dealer thru E-Bay . Would not recommend this product at all based on their failure to honor their 2 year warranty no matter where it was purchased .
 The SportDog 800 is the first training collar that I have ever used so I have nothing to compare it against . The problem with it is n't in its performance in the field , the problem is that the transmitter has a continuous drain on the battery even when not in use . You can fully charge the transmitter , take it off the charger , and in under 6 or 7 hours the battery will be dead even if it was n't used ! Additionally , the user manual says that after the initial charge , it is detrimental to the batteries life to leave it on the charger for more than 12 hours . So essentially you have to plan every use well ahead of time so that you can charge it for it 's 8 hour charging time and then use it within a 3 or 4 hour window before the battery dies.If you were to pack this along on a trip 200 miles away , your transmitter might be dead before you even reached your destination.I could n't believe that the product was meant to perform this way and contacted SportDog for a replacement battery . After 3 weeks of agonizingly slow customer service they informed me that I had purchased from an unauthorized SportDog retailer and there was nothing they could do to help.I then purchased a 30 $ replacement battery and installed it . It still performs the same . I guess I will just leave it on the charger until I feel like using it despite what the owners manual says , and if I feel like taking it on a trip away from an electrical outlet I will just be out of luck.Bottom line is do n't waste your money . After further research I have found other customers experience the exact same problems that I do . The SD-800 works wonderfully when the batteries are charged but keeping them charged is a constant hassle that could have been easily resolved with a simple on/off switch . And should you ever need assistance from SportDog customer service , Good luck to you , you will definitely need it .
 Seller was quick , package came as described ... Power level on this collar is entirely too strong for my black mouth cur -LRB- 50 lbs -RRB- , had it on level 1 and still caused too much stress on her . Switched to dogtra 280NCP which is amazing and very close to the same price . If your dog is n't a police/sar dog than I would advise to stear away from this product.Pros
 The system works , but I am disappointed in the collar . Before I bought this , I knew the collar sensor was going to be big . When I received it , however , it also had 2 terminals sticking out almost an inch . It did n't seem to bother the dog much , but it bothered me knowing that it had to be uncomfortable . A few weeks into wearing it , we found a major problem with it . The terminals poked through the skin and caused a deep hole/cut in the neck . The orange collar also rubbed against the skin and caused a thin cut around the neck -LRB- like paper cut , but larger -RRB- . At first I thought the neighbor 's large dog must have come over and bit my puppy in the neck , but upon axamination , the injury is consistent with the orange collar and the zapping terminals on the collar . The fence does keep my dog in , but this injury is not worth it , and it 's due to the poor design of the collar .
 We have had a pet safe wireless fence for 3 years now and were happy with it -LRB- with the exception of the collar battery life -RRB- so when we moved to a much larger property in the country we purchased the pet safe SportDog in ground system which is supposed to work for up to a 10 acre enclosure.We installed our system around one acre and everything appeared to be working when we tested the perimeter with the collars . Yet , an hour later one of our dogs -LRB- who were already trained for this type of system -RRB- walked right through it with no beep or anything . We checked on the system and it was behaving as if the new wire had a break in it which after double checking and hooking the wire up to a meter we determined it did not . We reset the transmitter by unplugging and replugging and the same thing happened after a short while.While we were trying to figure out what to do about the fence situation one of our dogs escaped from our enclosed porch ran to the our neighbor 's . Since he 'd only been exposed to our family and our pets , we were surprised when he attacked their dog and chased our neighbor into her house , not letting her out . Because of this incident , our dog had to be put down . While I would n't have kept an aggressive dog knowingly , this incident never would have occurred had our system worked as it should have . It was an awful experience for both our family and our neighbor.For the $ 350.00 I spent on the fence and extra collar I expected to receive a product that was not defective out of the box . Especially for a critical pet safety item such as this.To the company 's credit , they have refunded the cost of the system and did express remorse at the loss of our pet ... I would rather have had a quality , working product and my dog .
 My crickets do n't like this gutload much ; wetting it does n't seem to make it more appealing . I ended up making my own gutload for the crickets to feed to my chameleon - which was insanely time consuming , but it was fun to hunt in the health food store for the ingredients and it makes quite a ton of gutload -LRB- there 's a wet and a dry that you can mix -RRB- and the rest you can freeze till you need it
 I read about this on Amazon but bought it locally . My cat dislikes being groomed at all , and of all the brushes she dislikes , this is the most disliked . The only one she tolerates is the Rubba Scrubba from -LSB- ... -RSB- , which costs a little more but is surprisingly similar . The Rubba Scrubba `` bristles '' are longer and thinner -LRB- probably softer on her back . -RRB- She will sit for that for maybe 10 minutes . When I try the Kong brush , I get in one stroke before she up and leaves the room . I was expecting the Zoom Groom to make her love being groomed . Wrong-o !
 My Items never came and the seller only refound the price of the items descounting the sending price , BUT HE DIDNT SEND IT
 The seams are well sewn and did not come apart . However , the sound chip inside broke within just a few hours of playing with it . You can hear the plastic parts crunching and it does n't moo any longer . Although the toy has stayed together -LRB- except for the sound chip -RRB- I still had to throw it out , for fear some of those crunching plastic parts inside would poke through . Very disappointing -LRB- and expensive -RRB- for just a few hours of play .
 I only used this product for 2 days . I gave it to both of my dogs -LRB- yorkie & chihuahua -RRB- and it gave my yorkie immediate diarrhea . I did n't make the connection until the second day when it happened again right after he ate it . My chihuahua did n't seem to have this problem but she did have to go a lot more in the past 2 days . I returned this and ordered berry blend which was suggested by an organic nutritionist .
 It did n't work ;--LRB- my pet Molly has been on this for about a month and to be honest there was no change . Molly is also on antibiotics to help with the UTI she has but I thought the Cranberry relief would aid in helping her as well ... Needless to say , Molly had to go back on antibiotics because the natural way just was n't working . I had high hopes but I may try the capsules instead . She did have better results when I did 2 full capsules a day in the human form .
 This was strongly recommended to me by a breeder but I think , but can not prove , that it gave only slight relief to urinary incontinence for the large schnauxer .
 When I got home from work today I opened the box and the jar had no seal on it , and there was no scoop inside the jar . I would have had to ship it back today to get a replacement and UPS was already closed -LRB- I work until 9pm -RRB- so I just opted for a refund . Im not sure why Amazon insisted that I return the item the same day it arrived . Since the product was n't sealed , I do n't want to give it to my pets - plus the dosing instructions are by scoop , and without a scoop I have no idea how much to give anyway .
 I used this on a carpeted rug that could not be washed in the washer . I used as directed and was not able to remove the odor . I wonder if it works better on certain types of rug materials . In any case , it did not work very well for me .
 Our Pomeranian puppy had no interest in this item unless I was waving it in her face -LRB- which I could do with a paper towel and she 'll be interested -RRB- . Also , the ball -LRB- which absorbs water to freeze -RRB- was too big for her to fit in her mouth , so she did n't chew on it while teething . I ended up just freezing a wet hand towel folded in half for her to chew while teething . One of our other -LRB- larger -RRB- dogs then chewed the streamers off this toy , so it 's also not very durable.I probably should have looked at the dimensions more closely before I ordered the product but I just assumed that it would be smaller since it was for a puppy . * sigh * Money wasted .
 I purchased this toy for my three month old Rott/Lab mix puppy . He seemed excited when I gave it to him and he ran into the other room to play with it . I threw the packaging away and followed him -LRB- it was less than a minute -RRB- and by the time I got to him he had six of the knots chewed off the ends of the strings and I could only find four . This would be ok for supervised play , but definitely should not be advertised as a `` teether '' as it will not stand up to a lot of chewing . The two missing knots did turn up the next day as a colorful surprise during our morning walk .
 this was chewed up in minutes !!! would not buy again !!! i have a 1 year old puppy . was n't good at all .
 My ll lb . Shih-Poo loved this toy because he loves to chew . However , he destroyed a lot of it in less than 24 hours .
 The reviews are spot on - I would not recommend this for teething puppies or strong chewers - In fact , just do n't buy this toy . The Nylabone puppy key rings lasted much longer -LRB- 1.5 months so far -RRB- compared to this toy . My 4 month old whippet started biting off the spikes of the blue-spiked ball after 2-3 minutes with the chew toy . I was able to grab a few of the plastic pieces but he ate a couple of them.Update
 The toy does have different textures but if your dog is an agressive chewer do not purchase . I will only purchase Orka toys from Pet Stages . These are the only ones to really hold up over time for my dog .
 I had high hopes for this toy for my 6 month old min pin mix . He really loved playing with it ! But not only were the spikes on the blue ball chewed off in a day , he 'd also chewed off a chunk of the ball!It 's a mistake to advertise this as a chew toy - it 's not going to withstand any level of chewing unless they replace the plastic material used for the balls with something much tougher.I can see that it might work as a tug toy used for well supervised play .
 6 month old German Shorthaired Pointer broke this toy within 5 min.I do n't recommend this toy for big breeder even though puppy .
 First of all my pup really did n't like this toy very much . It kind of makes a crunchy sound . Mainly I 'm giving this toy 1 * because I came home one day to find my pup 's head in the middle of it and this thing around his neck ! He 's lucky he 's so small and it did n't choke him as he struggled to get it off his neck . Beware leaving your pup alone with this toy as it can get stuck around a little pup 's neck . Maybe this is fine for big dogs , but NOT for small dogs - I have a Maltese . I 'd ONLY buy this for big dogs .
 I ca n't comment on the quality of this product , as my now 12 week old Labradoodle has absolutely no interest in this toy . Since she 's been teething , and will pretty much bite on anything and everything , I thought this would be great for her . She nudged at it just once and never looked at it again .
 Bought this for a teething 8-week-old border collie puppy . She really likes things that make a `` crinkle '' noise , so I figured this would be fun for her . She played with it for about 30 seconds , put it down , and never looked at it again . And this is a puppy that will bite and chew ANYTHING she sees . I tried to play tug-of-war with her with this , and she was very disinterested with it.The `` crinkly '' noise is very slight & soft -- definitely nothing loud enough to keep a high-energy dog like a border collie engaged.Might be fun for extremely young pups -LRB- maybe 3-5 weeks ? -RRB- , or very sensitive/easily-scared dogs , but if you have a pup that really likes gnawing on stuff and making a lot of noise , look elsewhere : -RRB-
 This was a nice toy , but it is made for small pets . It was too small for my 73 lb dogs , but it stood up to their torture .
 I purchased this bone for my 6 month old black lab and he loved it when I gave it to him . Kept him busy for a long while but did I pay for that the next day . He had DIARHEA that was pure water . I will not be buying this type of bone again . I should have read all the reviews before I purchased it and then I would have known better .
 The quality of this bone has left me disappointed . It is also smaller than advertised , only about 12 inches.This is the second bone of this type that I have purchased . I will exclude the brand name of the first because I can not remember it . It 's been that long since it was purchased . Granted , I bought that bone when the dog was still teething , it has lasted for close to 10 months now . At one point , I sawed it in half and gave a piece to my sister 's dog because she loves it.My point is that the previous bone has withstood much more heavy chewing than the Smokehouse brand . It arrived not even 36 hours ago , my dog chewing on it for about 3 of those hours , and she has already worked off one of the ball joint ends -LRB- about 3-4 inches -RRB- . She 's a Pitbull mix and she is just shredding through this thing.I should add that it has not made her sick and she does enjoy it greatly . However , if you are under the impression that this bone will last for a while , you will be disappointed .
 This was an X-mas gift for my dog and he loved it . Then a couple days later he stopped eating , threw up bile everywhere , and became very lethargic . I took him to the vet and there in his intestine was a nice chunk of the bone . The medical bills cost two and a half times the dog but he recovered after quite a bit of worrying on my part.This product is purchased for the express purpose of a dog chewing on it , but unlike rawhide it is not digestible and can cause serious problems including the need for surgery . I 'm sure this is very rare , but do you really want to risk it ? Babies tend to chew on things , would you give a baby something that you knew might cause it to choke?If you buy this product , at the very least , watch your dog like a hawk or you could be dealing with a very sick and expensive pet .
 I have an 8 month old Black Lab and she chews on everything , especially shoes . I was buying her some of those rawhide strip things , however she finishes those off in a matter of minutes . I wanted something huge which would take her months to get through . This is absolutely the perfect product I was looking for.Upon opening the shipping box you can notice a strong smell of the bone which is wrapped in plastic . The bone was very greasy and still had some meat on it . I unwrapped it and put in on the kitchen floor . My dog -LRB- Ripley -RRB- looked at the bone , then back at me thinking , `` really ? Is that actually for me '' . It took her a while to get going on it , as I do n't think she knew where to start , but after a few minutes she was really going to town . She stripped off all the meat first , and then just started gnawing on one of the ends.There were little bits of crap all over the floor , however she cleaned most of them up pretty quick . I did notice some greasy lines on the kitchen floor and the smell is still quite strong , however it makes her happy , and that is what it 's all about.Over-all it is a huge bone for a great price . My dog loves it and I 'm sure any other dog would as well . Recommended . *** UPDATE *** After my dog ate all the bits of meat off of it and started working on the bone I noticed she seemed to not feel well . She went through a week or so throwing up and I took the bone away , however she seemed to keep away from it as well . I have heard other reviews say this , so I do not think it was just this bone or my dog . I can not recommend this product anymore . Review rating changed from 4 stars to 2 stars . Be careful !
 I bought this item prior to christmas 2011 , and once it arrived i gave it to my dog , who -LRB- of course -RRB- began slobbering all over it . He spent the next 2 days , after i threw the bone away , vomiting all over everything . I dont know if i got a bad item , or if they are all like this , but i would strongly recommend going elsewhere for your pets chew-toy needs .
 Big dogs , love bones but wo n't touch this thing . Not sure if it 's bad or what but it is not a hit and not worth it . They love the stuffed bones but not this thing . Strange would have thought this would have been a huge hit .
 And by haunt you , I mean in the form of vomit all over the place . Though my dog , a 150lb . Newfoundland , absolutely loved the bone but even after just a few minutes chewing it , he had managed to gnaw off some bone slivers and swallowed them . Shortly after that he was throwing up , not just the bone slivers , but everything he had eaten for what seemed like days . So , while it seemed great to give him a treat that he loved so thoroughly , the aftermath just was n't worth it .
 This is a dead cow bone painted with greasy gravy . Sure it appeals to big dogs , but my vet advised me highly against feeding these to my dog as they will A -RRB- upset their stomach and B -RRB- chunks can break off during chewing -LRB- 80 lb german shepherd puppy -RRB- and become lodged in the dogs ' throat requiring surgery . It 's not worth it - buy the rawhide chews that the dogs ca n't bite off pieces . Each bone is random here - the rawhides are predictable from experience . I returned this to amazon after it came up in a search for large rawhide bones .
 While my dog really enjoyed this for a few hours before going to bed the next morning she threw up all her dinner . This did not sit well with her tummy . So I do n't think she will be getting it back to finish it . It still has quite a bit on it . Buyer beware if your dog has a delicate stomach . I really wish this would have worked .
 dogs played with it for a while , I wanted to order another one when i stumbled on the same bone at raleys for way less than what i paid here . will deff not get this stuff again , I suggest to get a real raw meaty bones , they will cost less , plus they are way better for your dogs , not only for their teeth but they have vitamins in them .
 This bone made my dog very sick . She is a Greater Swiss Mountain dog and although she enjoyed the bone it gave her terrible diarrhea . Make sure you monitor you dog if you buy this . I will not be buying again .
 The product , which I have been giving to my dogs for the past year or so is great - however , the vendor that Amazon recommends - I bought it through Amazon cause i was in a hurry , but never again , this is not the first time that this happens - sells the product for twice as much as any other vendor online - for the price $ 27 I could have bought twice as much -LRB- a bottle with 60 instead of 30 pills -RRB- . Bottom line , the product is great , the vendor , including Amazon sucks - worse than Goldman Sachs .
 I am a fan of pellets for most parrots , but this is one species of bird that should NEVER be given such food . Fresh , organic foods and birdie bread only , please . Even this product , which is supposedly made specifically for Eclectus parrots , does n't keep in mind that these birds have very efficient digestive tracts . The nutrition that is packed into pellets overloads the Ekkie system . My Eclectus hen was toe tapping and wing flipping within a week of being fed this brand . It took a few days of milk thistle extract and aloe detox before she was well again . I would recommend pellet for any parrot , but NEVER an Eclectus .
 i had to take a lot of time cutting a schnauzers hair . and the same thing for two himalayans . i didnt notice this clipper was not advanced or pro , my bad , though / . chao , BARRO . COMBATE Fight Club . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We bought this product new . On its initial use , this product ran well , but failed to remove pet hair , meaning that it does not perform the task it was intended to do . We have a shih-tzu , and have used various clippers on her over the years . This product did not clip the hair at all , and we found that even after removing the length guard and holding the hair up between our fingers , the clippers made no effort to cut . This product fails in every important respect . We would have taken it back to the store , but became so frustrated with it that I destroyed it . I 'm sending the broken pieces to Wahl with a very nasty letter . No more Wahl products for us .
 I was dissappointed with these clippers ... some other review said it was great w persians ... I did not have good luck w the clippers going through my elderly persian 's long white hair I got very choppy results and it did not seem like the clippers were cutting too well
 I tried these on my Maine Coon cat and THEY DID NOT WORK . I gave them to my neighbor for her poodle and THEY DID NOT WORK ... . Do not buy !!!!
 These clippers workED great - until they broke . I have been clipping my two cats avery 6 - 8 weeks since I have received them . UNTIL ... . I was clipping my cat last week . I usually do a few swipes , turn off the clippers and roll the cat over to the side , get hiim situated , and then turn the clippers back on and do a few more swipes . This works well because I am able to clean the hair from the clippers , keep the clippers cool , and my cat 's temper cool as well . I had clipped half of the second cat when I turned the clippers on ... . and they ignited - a flame shot out from behind the blades
 DO NOT buy if you will use on a long-haired or soft-haired cat . This trimmer sucks by all accounts . It would only cut the fur on the back of my 2 cats since -LRB- almost as if it was butter , but only the first time i used it , after that it started to have trouble -RRB- the skin around the spine is more stretched than the skin on the chest and sides ; just like in humans the skin on our backs is more tightly pulled than the looser skin on our chest and belly area . It would take like 2 hrs . to finish trimming each cat . Do not waste money on this junk , just invest in a more expensive model , TRUST ME it will save u from a lot of stress.You 'll get what your money is worth w / this cheap trimmer
 These clippers were so loud that I could n't even use them once . They sound like someone turned them on and put them on the ground . Maybe I got a defective pair I am not sure but the ones I have a horrible .
 I used this product on a maltese/yorkie -LRB- 5-8lbs -RRB- and it was not useful at all . I was better off using a scissor . Her hair is low and it did not pick up hair when clipping .
 I thought these were exactly what I wanted but I was disappointed in these canisters . They were thin and flimsy . The lids were difficult to remove . When attaching the knobs one of the screws stripped out the knob and made it unusable . I returned my set .
 Do not buy this item . The lid is so tight you can not get it off and on . I bought it for a gift but had to get rid of it because it was cheaply built .
 My 2 catnip-loving cats ignored these - they supposedly have catnip , according to the advertisement , but the box that they came inside of actually says nothing about catnip - so I have my doubts . I am very disappointed .
 Bought this box of mice thinking my 4 indoor kitties would love them . When they arrived , all the mice have paper tags which have to be cut off , and that 's a lot of cutting . Cut tags from 6 of the mice and none of my cats would play with them . If you have purchased different mice in the past and your cat likes it , stick with that , do n't waste your money on these .
 Buyer beware . I purchased Zanies mice because I was looking for a real rabbit fur product -- that 's what my cats prefer . Unfortunately , these mice are no longer made of real fur , even though the item details lists them as such . Although the rattle is cute and the mice are nice , they 're not good enough to get my cats off the couch . I 'll be returning these to Amazon . If you 're looking for real fur mice , you might want to look elsewhere .
 My 8 cats are not large , none is over 12 pounds , so factor that in when making the decision to buy or not . Even small cats can get these stuck in their throats.Most of my cats went bonkers over these , throwing them , chasing them , hiding them , pouncing on them , eating the tails off ... all was well for the first week and about 15 mice.As the mice got mangled each day or so , I would throw them out . I thought they were the greatest things ... inexpensive and fun ... HERE 'S THE ZINGER : Week two of giving these to my cats , I just happened to go into the kitchen when one of my cats was hunched over , panicked and pawing frantically at her mouth . When I got to her , I found one of these mice lodged head-first in her mouth-throat , where she had tried to swallow it whole . I managed to get it out , with difficulty , as she had been really working hard to get it down in one piece.I get heartsick to think what would have happened if I had n't been there.Robin has a slight build and weighs only 9 pounds . If she was a larger cat , she could probably have gotten this far enough down her throat so I could n't have yanked it out.An aside , since these have a plastic rattle inside , when you step on them , they flatten . The mouse Robin was choking on was full size , it had n't been stepped on and made smaller . If you leave these around and they get squashed , they would be an even greater choking hazard to a cat -LRB- or dog or child -RRB- inclined to swallow one whole.Give these a miss .
 At first I thought this was a great deal but once I gave them to my cats it was n't long before they started gagging . The mice are very poorly made . . eyes come right off and the ` fur ' also comes off when they have it in their mouths . I would not reccomend this product .
 I am wondering what animal was skinned to make these toys . Is is disgusting as fake fur alternatives are available . I would never buy one because nothing should be killed just for toys especially .
 These little mice are colorful and cute and made as a cat toy . However , in a child 's hands or if picked up by a dog , they are potentially very dangerous . They are very small and covered with real fur . They are about 3/4 '' in diameter , about the size of a child 's or dog 's throat . I 'm not crazy about the fact that they are made of real fur either . I am by no means an animal rights person , but I find it senseless in this day and age to make a toy out or any kind of real fur .
 I ordered the product , received an email confirmation , was notfied of order shipment , item was n't in the box , went back online and was told the product was discontinued . Still waiting on refund .
 My cat LOVES mice that rattle . For that these were great mice . They rattled very well . The mice have a couple problems though . First , their tails come off within about a minute of playing . Many of the mice barely have the skins attached too . Those are n't the reasons that I decided to throw them away.One of the ways that my cat plays with her mice , is that she loves to try to drown them in her water dish . Although I did n't notice with the first one that we gave her -LRB- a yellow one -RRB- , the next one -LRB- a red one -RRB- turned the water bright red overnight . I was very concerned that they would drink the dyed water or even worse ... she would ingest the dye off of the mice . So they were tossed .
 the fur is not real like it used to be and the glue is thick and exudes from the miceI sadly ordered 2 boxes -- a waste of moneymy cats will not even touch them -- they sniffed at walked awayI donated them to a shelter and they told me that the dye is coming off on everything including bedding and in the water bowls so they threw them away when they saw the dye on cat faces and tongues and pawsthe company says the dye is not dangerous but can not supply the type of dye and my vet was not pleasedI wish I could find the ones that are just plain grey and white
 I would have given these a 5 star rating , except for the fact that I had to cut off 60 TAGS - EVERY MOUSE HAD A PLASTIC TAG ATTACHED TO IT WHICH I HAD TO CUT OFF ... . very tedious and time consuming and I did not want to leave them on . Might I suggest to the company Zanies , when you are selling these 60 to a box , please sell them without individual tags!The photo should have shown them with all the tags . Very misleading . I would have returned them if I hadnt already cut some of the tags off.The other problem is when cutting the cat tags off , if the tag isnt cut close enough to the toy it leaves a very sharp point that could hurt the cat!To the manufacturer , please stop putting tags directly on these toys , they are not safe .
 I bought this treat for my 2 small dogs , and neither of them liked it . They are extrmely fussy though , so it may be a great treat for other dogs , just not mine .
 I bought these for my dachshund , and he wants nothing to do with them . I tried to give them to a friend 's dog , and he rejected them as well .
 This raincoat , size small , was listed as for an 8-12 inch dog -LRB- base of neck to rump -RRB- . My dog is around 14 inches and this coat was huge on him . They will take a return , but charge $ 5 -LRB- you pay the return shipping , and they dock you $ 5 for the shipping you got free on the way out -RRB- . Since the item was only $ 9.42 , it makes no sense to pay to ship it back and then be docked another $ 5 -- that 's right around the cost of the coat . So make sure you get the right size the 1st time.The coat itself is cute , easy to get on the dog and a decent value if you can get the right size .
 I bought this and it smells repulsing . so I left it outside overnight to see if it was just because of the way it was packaged or whatever , but nope . I then sprayed it in febreze and left it hanging up . but still nothing . so then I washed it in the washing machine and still the same smell . It smells so bad that there is no way I can put this on my dog . I have to throw it out because it is not worth the hassle of returning it : -LRB-
 I have a 2 years old Havanese , and this `` small '' raincoat does not fit him . At all.I mean the hood wont go over his head ... the bottom does n't cover his body all the way ... and the rubber straps at the end of the raincoat broke off.Yes the product smelled like `` raincoat '' and I can see many people complaining about it , but it 's not a big deal if you air it out on the little hanger it comes with.If you want to buy this raincoat , buy a size up .
 Happy with the product , but it took 3 months and 6 emails before I recived the shiped item . So I have not made up my mind if I will give this company another chance .
 We ordered a small for our puppy and it was huge ! I do n't think he will ever be able to grow into it !
 I have a 10Lb Maltese/Yorkie and this raincoat fits him a little to big . He keeps stepping on it as he goes outside for walks . Needless to say , he does n't wear it . If you have a bigger dog , it would be the perfect size . Wish I would have purchased an XS , but he fits small/medium in every other type of dog clothing .
 I got the XS after reading the reviews . It 's big around , but too short down my 10lb min pin/chihuahua mix 's back . She 's tall and skinny . Also , after taking her out into a steady rain -LRB- not a downpour ! -RRB- , water leaks in around the seams of the pocket on the back . So , her Vibram fleece coat she was wearing under it got wet also . She HATES rain and hates to be wet , so I 'm not too impressed with this coat . The quality is in line with the price I guess , but I really did n't think it would leak like that . Not blown away , quite frankly .
 This jacket looks to be made well and the fitting guide was correct , but I can not get past the TERRIBLE gasoline smell that it has . Once I opened the package , the smell went through my whole house and I had to take it outside . I washed in the washing machine , thinking that would get rid of the smell , but it didnt . I have had it hanging outside for a few days and it still hasnt gone away . I would NEVER put this on my dog JUST because of the smell . Its a shame because I think this rain jacket would suit my dog perfectly . I am going to return it .
 Did not like this rain jacken it was not blue but turquoise and the smell was so bad that my dog and I did not like it . threw it away after one wearaired it washed it put it in vinegar water ; nothing helped !!! The smell was still there
 I bought this thinking it would be good for my new bunny , but afterward I read the fine print , which states that the bedding material inside the tube should not be eaten ! I removed the material and am going to use it just for the tube , but I saw the same sort of tubes filled with hay and I wish I had bought one of those instead .
 Got this and it was very cheapy , thin and junk . The guinea pigs would n't even go near it . Wasted my money on this one .
 I have not noticed any difference in my dog since I started giving him this product . I do understand that different calming products do n't work for every pet , it 's a matter of trial and error . This was an error for my dog and I 'll be trying again with a different product this month .
 This dog food has a strange , bad odor to it . My dogs wo n't eat it . Other dogs must like it becuase Merrick is a very successful company , but I wo n't be buying this again .
 It just did n't work for my particular dog . The sizing was wrong . It fit fairly well everywhere except the important part stuck out the top on my boy dog -LRB- if you know what I mean ! -RRB- A smaller one would n't work , nor would a larger one . I was unable to return them .
 the hole for the tail was huge . I doubt it would have prevented her from leaking since it is the same area she would be leaking from !!
 It just did n't work for my particular dog . The sizing was wrong . It fit fairly well everywhere except the important part stuck out the top on my boy dog -LRB- if you know what I mean ! -RRB- A smaller one would n't work , nor would a larger one . I was unable to return them .
 the hole for the tail was huge . I doubt it would have prevented her from leaking since it is the same area she would be leaking from !!
 I bought this to shear my angora rabbits with because plucking them is too painful for me -LRB- arthritic hands -RRB- . I bought this on the recommendation of other French Angora Rabbit breeders . It does cut their fine , fine hair very nicely , however , it is made of plastic and will not hold up very well if you ever drop it - even on soft ground . Also , it is a little too small for me to grip comfortably , probably why I dropped it when one of my bunnies was moving.So , no , this is not for me . I have Oster A-5 Turbos that I use on my Angora Goats , and have dropped them numerous times while shearing , and they keep on going . I think I need to figure out what blade size is best for the rabbits and use the heavy duty Oster clippers instead of an overly expensive plastic clipper .
 I am a pet groomer and groom every day . Very good clipper and was very quiet for the first month . After that , the clipper started getting louder every day . The reason being that the housing is made of plastic and seeing that the blade goes at 5000 strokes per minute , everything that keeps the housing together starts breaking . The last Wahl Arco SE clipper I bought , fell apart after three months . In all my years of grooming I have never seen anything like it . Lovely clipper while it works , but at the price tag it comes with , it is impossible to replace it every three months . I do n't think I want to buy another one of these and I can surely NOT recommend this to any other groomer .
 Disappointing ... I was looking forward to giving my Maltese a good trim but these clippers did not do the job very well . The hair constantly got jammed up in the blades so I resorted to using scissors . I consider this a waste of money .
 I have a 6 month old maltese and he has gotten tired of eating his dry food so I have been searching for other foods to give him some variety . When I opened this can up , the first thing i noticed was the terrible smell . When I layed it out in his platter , it smelled like a combination of dog poop and cat food . I nearly barfed . When I heated it up a bit , it smelled like medicine . Needless to say , after a few bites the puppy lost appetite.He will only eat it when I mix it with Cesar Dog Food -LRB- any type really -RRB- . Its such a shame that such ingredients were put together in such a messy manner . There are also quite a few big chunks in there so it does n't seem like the makers really put much thought into this .
 Too large of chucks for puppies . Whole foods can cause choking , also this food caused diarhea in my puppies .
 I did not realize that this actually had the bones in it . Not something that I would give to any dog let alone a Yorkie and a Poodle . The bones take up a lot of room in the can . The rest of the can contains little cubes of meat , a few vegetables and lots and lots of gravy . I usually split half a can between the two dogs . The only way I am able to get another meal out of the can is to add more cooked vegetables . The dogs really like it but I will not buy this flavor again . You are getting less for your money since it contains bones and so much gravy . I would recommend the Turducken . They absolutely love that one .
 As a small dog owner , -LRB- Shitshu -RRB- , we are careful about what our dog can easily get down her throat . She is also a picky eater , as are a fair amount of small dogs.She loves the Merrick Wingaling , but one day while breaking up one of the large chunks of chicken , I was amazed to find a fairly stout chicken bone within the meat . I removed it , thinking it must be an anomoly . Then it happened again in the same can , then another can , and on and on.Final word , although my dog likes this food very much , we will stop buying this brand due to the possibility of our dog getting scratches in the throat from chicken bone edges , or worse yet , choking on the bones with a full mouth of food . Many people have said on other dog sites that dogs can digest chicken bones . That is true , if they can get them into their stomachs . The problem arises on the scratches to the throat lining , then possible inflammation or infection , and at the worst , choking and not being able to dislodge a sharp piece of bone . No thanks.It is just not worth the possible worry , considering the price of this food .
 I purchased two cases of Merricks Wingalings and Smothered Comfort . The label states `` whole thighs '' and `` whole wings '' but that is a lie . Once opened , the cans have one - if you 're lucky two pieces . The rest -LRB- 3/4 of each can -RRB- is processed cubes of who knows what my dog refuses to eat . Merricks should either fill the can with what they advertise - `` WHOLE thighs and wings '' - plural - or tell the consumer the truth about what they are selling here .
 I bought this it because of the last two reviews and thought it would work on a spot my dog keeps peeing . I followed directions and made sure I sprayed enough on the carpet it smells worse now that it did before I stored it all up . Going to use my traditional odoban
 Arrived 5 minutes ago and it was so cute - I could n't wait to give it to my Cairn Terrier Rocky . It is now torn to shreads , arms chewed off , stuffing pulled out and little sewn pouch that contains squeaker is in the process of trying to be taken away from the dog . If a Cairn Terrier can destroy it this fast , do n't bother getting this for a larger dog . I think a real Chipmunk would have had a better chance at survival : - -RRB-
 My cat is a difficult feline that loves to eat and we bought this to quiet him down before meal time . The cat got it off of his head within minutes so I do not recommend this to cat owners that have cats like mine . This is good for the lazy cat that sits and does nothing , but why would you need a muzzle then ? Trust me on this one ... and they say that they actually tried this crap !
 Tried using these on my long haired dog , and it did n't cut at all . what a waste of money . I thought it would fit on my wahls clippers , but I had to buy the different , more expensive clippers to try this blade out . That ended up being a waste of money , since they do n't cut .
 well i just recently purchased a 12 oz jar of this stuff in hopes of it working as advertised but was very disappointed after attempting to feed it to my crickets . i feed two dozen of my crickets three cubes each day for three days in a row and they would n't touch the stuff ! in fact they were so hungry , they chose eating the paper towel i had in the cage over the orange cube ! this stuff is a complete waste of money ! i might as well throw this stuff right into the trash cuz its total garbage ! this stuff should be recalled ! do yourself a favor and spend your money on something that really works . im now feeding my crickets the flukers `` high-calcium '' cricket diet instead . they love it and i get twice as much for my money as opposed to the orange crap !
 I have a leopard gecko and I have been experimenting with several products for the various food insects I feed him . Over the last 2 months I have been switching back and forth between theFluker 's 12 oz Orange Cube Complete Cricket Dietand a combo ofFluker 's 8-Ounce Cricket Quencher Calcium Fortifiedand Hi-Cal Monster Cricket Diet -LRB- a powder -RRB- . Here are my findings : Orange Cubes :1 . -RRB- Crickets fed orange cubes are more likely to ` finish ' this food however I very rarely see them eat it which makes me wonder if they wait until they are starving to eat it and then eat everything2 . -RRB- Crickets appear to die more often when fed this food -LRB- ? Could n't tell you why -RRB- 3 . -RRB- My leo is more likely to leave survivors and ignore crickets fed this product4 . -RRB- The product has a funny decaying-citus odor I find unlikeable5 . -RRB- The intense coloring makes the crickets poop orange and yellow which is a pain to cleanCalcium fortified Cricket Quencher and Powder Diet :1 . -RRB- More expensive choice since you have to buy two products2 . -RRB- In a low-humdity environment -LRB- like most households -RRB- the Quencher can dry up quickly3 . -RRB- Crickets actually seem to like these foods and I often see them eating both the powder and quencher -LRB- I suspect they may like the flavor better -RRB- 4 . -RRB- Less cricket deaths and more healthy/active crickets5 . -RRB- My leo is more likely to eat all these crickets and want more6 . -RRB- No smell , and no colored poopPersonally , I am going to return to the quencher and powder diet until other products become available . I feel that the orange cubes are more trouble than they are worth and the lower price tag does n't balance out the price I pay in dead crickets and my leo eating more mealworms/waxworms/other feeders rather than the cheaper crickets .
 My first batch of crickets -LRB- 50 -RRB- I used the Orange Cube diet since that is what came with my Crestie when I adopted her and seemed to be easier than having food and water separately . I had quite a few die off and not a lot seemed to be on the cubes at any one time - mainly just the larger crickets , so with my 2nd batch of crickets I ordered theFluker 's Hi Calcium Cricket Feedalong with theFluker 's 16-Ounce Cricket Quencher Calcium Fortified . Wow - I had an Orange Cube in there and none were on it - they were all hiding - 30 seconds after putting a lid full of this in there I had crickets 3 deep trying to get at it ! And after 15-20 minutes they were 2-3 deep on the Quencher gel - and still none on the orange cube . Now after a week all my crickets are getting bigger and plumper ! Needless to say I threw away the rest of my Orange Cube diet .
 I usually feed my crickets `` powdered '' cricket tood and use a balled , wet paper towel as a water source . The crickets eat the powdered food , quickly.Based on reviews , I thought the Orange Cubes would be a good , convenient way to feed the crickers . When I put in the orange cubes , they ignore it . After two days , the orange cubes dry up and I throw them away . I never see any of the crickets congregating around the orange cubes , so I do n't think they like them at all.If crickets LOVE the orange cubes , are n't they supposed to eat it up and then it disappears ? Why am I throwing out dried up orange cubes that do n't look like any crickets have taken a bite?Lots of good reviews on this product , but I do n't like it . I purchase new crickets every two weeks and no `` batches '' have ever seemed to like this stuff . I will stick to the powdered formula and low-tech wet paper towel . For me , it 's more effective , and less expensive .
 I was n't quite sure that the crickets were eating this . I was only buying 40-50 at a time and providing this as food . I was getting a lot of dead crickets . 10-15 at a time . I noticed they dry out pretty quickly so I bought the cricket quencher and changed the food every 2 days . I saw no change in the amount of dead crickets . The other day I went to feed my bearded dragon and about 5 of the crickets jumped on him and started EATING HIM ! I could n't believe it ! I had to help the poor guy out . I felt terrible . He does n't eat his pellet food so I started giving that to them with the cricket quencher . There are no dead crickets yet and they have not attacked him yet . I did n't buy from here but it 's such a terrible story I needed to let you guys know . I feed small crickets so I do n't know if maybe these `` success stories '' are from people feeding large crickets but please do n't offer this terrible terrible product to small crickets . I read somewhere that crickets will eat just about anything - well NOT THIS STUFF !
 I 've kept crickets for my tarantula for over 7 years with this . I constantly had crickets dying left and right . I never bought more than a handful and still they did n't live long . I figured that 's just how it was . I picked this product because the company makes the separate powder and gel solution for hydration so I figured they had just conveniently combined them . Every time I went to the store I noticed they used the separate powder and hydration gel and the crickets were always eating it whereas mine never touched these cubes . I switched to the powder and gel to try it out and it has made a huge difference . The crickets constantly eat both and they live the entire time . I now buy a dozen -LRB- which lasts me over two weeks -RRB- and they almost never die . I have nothing personally against this product but it was not NEARLY as effective as the separate products . Again after years of trouble with this I am having way better results with the same companies other separate products .
 Do n't use Zilla lights for any reptile that really needs proper UVB , like bearded dragons . Spend the extra money and get a ReptiSun bulb and a good fixture . If your animal just needs a little UVB then this can work , when the ballast wants to fire ...
 Piece of junk . First one arrived and would not come on . Wrote Petco . Replacement arrived . Plugged in . Flickered , came on for about two minutes , went out , will not come back on . JUNK . Wrote Petco and asked for refund . Garbage . Will not buy a Zilla product at all ever or another product from Petco online again .
 I ordered this item because I needed a fixture and UVB tube light for my Greek tortoise . I was aiming for a 10 % UVB bulb , but 7 % sounded sufficient , and the price was great.When I received the item , the bulb was NOT a 7 % UVB - and in fact , nowhere on the packaging , instruction , or the bulb does it mention 7 % . This is a `` T8 '' bulb , and the instructions include a diagram of the light wave lengths it emits , and these are NOT equivalent to a 7 % UVB desert bulb . If you read reviews of this bulb , specifically , you will see that it has been shown to cause lethargy and other problems , and that the initial UVC levels it emits are dangerously high.Upon contacting the seller , they first were very confused and polite but unhelpful . They gave me the manufacturer 's phone number , which put me into a wait-loop that I gave up on . I called the seller back , and suggested that they need to change their item description to reflect the item . The customer service rep politely more or less told me that nothing would be done , except that I could return the whole thing at my shipping expense , for a new one . Since this seller does not sell the item I needed , and I needed the UVB light for my tortoise RIGHT AWAY , I just gave up , threw away the bulb , purchase the ` right ' kind of bulb , and placed it in the fixture.I recommend purchasing the Exo Terra Repti Glo desert 10 % UVB tube light , such as this one
 I 've been through 2 of these in the past 4 months . When the first one broke I thought it was a fluke . Then the second one broke . Do n't waste your money .
 a decieving ad . it states a clipper blade set and shows 3 blades . you get one # 10 std blade . And its not the wide blade as shown . The ad need to be fix , so what you see you get .
 My cats took one smell and walked away . Do n't make the mistake of buying a case until you do a taste test with your cats . They loved Fancy Feast Classic Seafood . The do n't eat the Fancy Feast gravy style food . I can see why as the food is like soft rubber . So , they are on Fancy Feast Classic .
 I ordered tags back in July and was sent order forms ? Why they did n't offer an online ordering option is beyond me . Now , nearly 3 months later , I still have not received my tags . Not only that , I ca n't even contact the company via email OR phone . Instead the only option I have is to write them a letter . This company is a joke and I plan on reporting them to Amazon.P.S . At least 1 star was required for this review , but if were up to me , I would n't give them any .
 The material is extremely slippery - my dog could barely stay on the seat . So , unfortunately I ca n't recommend this product . However , DogLikeNature is a great company to do business with . If you need anything else I 'd recommend seeing what they have to offer .
 Installed cover on rear bench seat and after short trip cover was ripped and straps broke off .
 Please do not buy this product either on Amazon or in pet stores ! It is responsible for killing two of my rodents . I found my hamster dead of an infection because the red fibers got wrapped tightly around his leg/foot . His foot was black and necrotic and smelly so I 'm sure that was his cause of death . A similar instance happened to my pet mouse just days afterwards . PLEASE do not put your small animal at risk by buying this product ! It is poorly made , dangerous and should not be on the market .
 I 'll encourage people considering buying this stuff to do their own research , but here 's my points : If you ask any respectable veterinarian they will tell you to NOT use cotton/fluff bedding . When my hamsters died it was confirmed that both had in fact swallowed and choked on the cotton fluff I gave them a day before . After hearing this from my vet , I contacted multiple small animal experts from various parts of the United States , and EVERY SINGLE ONE told me the exact same thing - cotton bedding is dangerous . So I would suggest you ask your vet yourself before purchasing this stuff.The ASPCA also recommends against cotton/fluff bedding because it ca n't be digested or chewed through . If a hamster gets tangled in paper they can chew through it , but if they get tangled in cotton they ca n't . There ARE documented cases of pets chewing their own limbs off to get untangled . Again I encourage you to contact them yourself and ask.Since cotton ca n't be digested , when swallowed it can cause bowel impactions , which is basically death by constipation . Paper can be easily digested . Also , since hamsters use their cheek pouches to transport nesting material , it can cause cheek impactions as well , which can result in surgery or death.I 'm not going to write `` OMG DO N'T BUY THIS YOUR HAMSTER WILL DIE !!!! '' There are no guarantees that your hamster will EVER have a problem with this stuff . But really , what if it DOES have a problem ? What if your hamster gets tangled and chews its leg off , or swallows some of this stuff and dies a very painful , drawn-out death ? Do you really want to risk the `` what-ifs '' when there is a perfectly safe and vet-recommended product sitting in your bathroom ? Your hamster is not going to care one way or the other so long as it 's warm and cozy . So I suggest you save your money , protect your pet , and just not risk the cotton - go with the toilet tissue you 've already paid for !
 This product produces a light blue glow for your tank but does not produce sufficient light for a 10 gallon aquarium . You need the higher rated units ; suggest going with the fluorescent or LED lighting .
 I purchased this bulb for my 1 gallon hex tank and it hardly gives off any light . You 're better off to stick with a normal florescent white bulb than this one !
 I ordered this car seat for my 23 lb . dachshund because of the price and I found out you get what you pay for . They say it is `` collapsible '' and unfortunately , it is ! I installed it and put my dog in it and he put his paws up on the front and it collapsed and he tried to jump out and was dangling from the strap attached to his harness . I had to pull the car over several times on our hour trip , to put him back in . I ended up returning it and getting the Solvit Tagalong Pet Booster seat and I love it !
 I got this for a 11 pound Cavalier King Charles Spaniel . It said it fit up to 20 lbs , so I thought it would be okay , especially since the medium is for up to 30lbs . Installation was super easy . I was suspicious once it was installed , thinking that it did n't look big enough to fit our girl . I got her in it , and she looked super uncomfortable , but I went ahead and took her on a short drive.Cavaliers are not petite . Our dog is only 11 lbs , but she is solidly built . It was near impossible for her to lay down . She tried , but ended up with her head at an awkward angle and finally stood back up . She could n't move around at all.The device seems like a good idea , but absolutely it will not work for a dog up to 20lbs . * maybe * you could manage a 11-12 lb dog if they are a petite breed , but definitely not a stocky breed like a Cavalier.I am going to give it to my Mom for her 8 lb Yorkie , as I think he 's small enough that it might work well for him .
 Had n't been set up one day , when one of the black plastic hooks broke . My dog only weighs 6 pounds , so thought it would be fine , but very cheap and flimsy . The problem with buying through the mail is it cost too much to return .
 I had purchased this model seat about 3 years ago . It was wonderful - extremely strong frame , heavyweight webbed strapping , virtually indestructible . A dog could play in it without shifting it 's position . I made the mistake of leaving it in a rental car and could not get it back , so therefore ordered another right away . What a difference a couple of years have made . The quality of the first one is gone . The frame can be bent with you own hands , the straps are thin and stretch under the weight . The dog that sits in it is 10 # and the seat shifts position so that he is crooked within minutes . I now need to find another style - I would not recommend this seat any longer .
 I returned these as they are poor quality . No padding around the top of them so if you do have to stop suddenly the dog can be hurt by the metal bars around the top . These were so cheaply made - if you are going to use this type of seat get one with padding around top . They also do not give the dog a nice area to lay down in it 's too small and confined.Purchased the Top Paw Booster seat instead from Petsmart -LRB- $ 59.99 each - I needed 2 -RRB- . It even comes with a food / water bowl that attaches to the front . Is very sturdy and is the perfect height for the Chihuahua 's to see out the window while riding . They love to ride ! I do suggest that anyone who uses a car seat or even takes their dogs -LRB- any breed -RRB- in the car that you purchase the padded harness which attaches either with a clip or you can run the seat belt thru the straps.NEVER use their collar to attach them to a car seat , seat belt , or even in a doggie handbag you will snap their neck . This is just common sense . Here is the one I use : Solvit 62294 Pet Vehicle Safety Harness , Small . The dogs now sit down and help get in their harness as they know it means `` car ride '' . The Top Paw Booster seat can be used in all vehicles with a seat belt -LRB- does not need a head rest to attach to -RRB- . I even has a storage compartment under the seat and has a nice padded place for them to rest on . I did have the same problem as others with this seat as it does collapse if you use the legs to raise it up but I found that either using a pillow between the legs or just not raising them works perfectly -LRB- in my little Focus Wagon there is no need to raise the legs as the dogs sit high enough to look out . -RRB- I have seen the Top Paw Booster Seats on Ebay but currently they are all out of stock - they were the same price as PetSmart.With the dogs secure and no longer stuck in the kennel in the back they are happy little pups .
 I received the booster seat last Saturday and installed it that day . Took the dog for a ride on Saturday and Sunday . Notice on Sunday that the cushion was almost completely flat . Blew it up again and check it a few hours later , was halfway flat . I contacted the supplier . They are shipping me out a new booster seat . Hopefully this one will not leak .
 Says it 's for dogs up to 20 pounds but it was way too small for my 12 lb seven month old puppy . Return was painless . Ordered the medium size and he just fits in it . Good product but only works for very small dogs !
 The small is too short for my pet to lie down in , although he is only 9 pounds . The straps on the front rub his ears when he looks out the window or moves around . It tilts too much and bunches up where it rests on the seat back . The one zipper pocket is nice -LRB- three advertised -RRB- The exchange policy is ridiculous ... the company will call you within 1 to 2 business to set up the exchange , and then will ship the replacement once they have received the unwanted item back ! I ordered this item for a 9 hour car trip coming up this weekend . Disappointed ! Poor customer service and not great marketing strategy !
 This is very sturdy , easy to install . I bought it for my puppy , who was only 5 pounds at the time . After 2 weeks of use , the cushioned air bag in the bottom refused to hold air any longer . I 'd blow it up , it would deflate . I 'd give it 4 stars if the bag would stay inflated .
 There are no pictures of the ` assorted colors ' and the brown it came in is the ugliest 1970 's nasty brown carpet.I have another of these in cream which our cats love . I wanted to add another one to my office . I do n't know where else to look for a cream colored one . I called some local stores that Lazy Pet website listed as a retailer and they all had the same scary larry brown too .
 This perch is a great size for a large cat or even two cats together . It is soft and appears to be very comfortable . However , the way it attaches is by affixing a strip of velcro to your window sill , which then mates with the matching velcro on the bottom of the shelf unit . There are two adjustable legs that are supposed to give support as they brace against the wall . My window ledges are not very deep and so the shelf does not sit level . The legs are adjusted to fit as closely to the wall as possible , however , mine do not move close enough in so that the legs stay securely on the wall and therefore , do not support the shelf properly . We have tried putting a piece of folded cardboard under the part that sits against the wall , but this has n't worked either . So unless you have very deep window ledges , this may not work for you . We bought two of these , but plan on returning one . On a positive note , my cats love the shelf and took to it right away . It is a great idea , but this one needs a little better design .
 This window perch uses velcro tape which you stick to your window sill and to the underside of the perch . My cat used it only a few times before it fell down - the glue on the velcro taped to the window sill was n't strong enough to hold it in place . I put it back up and made sure it was as steady as I could make it and it fell again and my cat stopped using it.I called the company and they said maybe the glue was old and they sent me new velcro tape . I installed it as securely as I could using the new tape . My other cat started using it and it fell down again . The glue on the tape simply is not strong enough to keep the perch in place and this is a poor design on Lazy Pet 's part.My cats loved it while it was installed - the perch is cushy and the fake sheepskin cover is washable . But I can not trust it not to fall and potentially hurt my cats so therefore do not recommend it .
 The perch itself is nice . However , the support bars had to bent a little to fit flush against the wall -LRB- the perch was leaning ! -RRB- . My biggest complaint is that the product description failed to mention that the perch mounts to the windowsill via a velcro strip , which has an adhesive strip that is applied directly to the windowsill ! No thanks ! I found some large curtain brackets at a local hardware store and mounted them on the bottom of the perch so I could hang it from the windowsill . Also , by doing so , I can move the perch to another window !
 The perch stayed attached to my window sill for about 5 minutes with my cat laying on it and then there was a crash . the tape holding the velcro bits to the sill did not work very well . I will try it again with some new tape . would not recommend .
 Another item I should n't have purchased . The attachments to the window sill are just plain silly . My cat sat on it once and there was a big crash as the whole thing fell down . Maybe if it had some huge screws to hold it on , it would work better . Does anyone want one of these things , cheap ?
 The seller was wonderful to deal with . The picture showed a light cover , but I received a dark brown one and I do n't remember there ever being a choice . The seller was helpful and told me I could return it . I decided to give it a try and that was actually a mistake.It does n't secure very well so if my cats jump on it it moves down.I prefer the kind that come with a screw that can be screwed in , this one only has velcro .
 does n't fit right on all windows and if your cat is heavy the velcro wo n't hold , but theres not much out there
 Having read a number of reviews that said to follow the instructions around the adhesive carefully , I conservatively gave the adhesive 24 hours to set before letting my cats on it . However , the perch fell off the window sill in less than a week . I ended up using shelving brackets to attach it to the wall , so the cats can still use it , but for that I might as well have gone with a perch that attaches to the wall in the first place.One note - the sill I attached the perch to was marble , not wood . It may be the case that it would attach just fine to a wooden sill , but it certainly does n't do very well on stone .
 This product was a disappointment . It will not stay on the window with the stick-on Velcro provided and the metal brackets on the bottom move under my average sized cat 's weight and make her uneasy about being on it .
 We are trying to sell the place so we did n't want anything that is too permanent or that would require holes . We have extremely deep marble windowsills -LRB- deep enough for our cat to lay on just not comfortably -RRB- . Despite the mixed reviews , I bought this item back in Feb 2010 . I figured with our windosills we would have more problems removing it than getting it to stay . Boy was I wrong ! I followed directions exactly and even gave it an extra day to stick before I put her on it . I have tried everything I can think of to keep this darn thing attached including putting a small weight on top of where the velcro is to help it stick before she climbs on it . My cat is only 10lbs and it will NOT hold her weight . She does n't even jump onto it . She climbs onto the bed and then walks across the window sill to get on it . It has fallen off for the fourth and final time ! It 's going in the trash . Not only is she shaken and upset from being tramatized but also in the process it has woken me on a work night . Now I 'm trying to lore her out from hiding with treats to make she she is ok . To add insult to injury the free toy they included came in two parts . You had to unwrap the suction cup insert the stick into it . Problem is that the suction cup was crammed in the box for so long that it will never sit flat enough on the window to stick . Good thing I suppose . If she were to get too frisky on her perch who knows what would have happened.Here are some pros and cons : Pros : Well cushionedShe DID like it until it started falling.Good size for her to sit comfortably.As a whole it is pretty sturdyCons : Itchy fabric that is a cat hair trap!No way to keep it attached and it is a waste of space on the floor.So in other words
 I loved the idea of this , and was excited when it arrived so quickly . The set up was easy to do . The first time it fell down , my cat was lying on it . Imagine his surprise ! The second time it fell , the support pulled out of one of the legs . So now I have a shelf with no way to support it . I must admit the company was quick to say they would refund my money . too bad this did n't work . I was very disappointed .
 This is a nice shelf , stylistically . I bought it to replace an older , crummier one that 's seen lots of use and better days . However , when I first saw the thick egg-crate style padding that makes up the cushioned portion of this shelf , I had doubts that my cat would appreciate it . She 's not the type to lay on a pillow or a couch cushion or anything else that is fluffy . Unfortunately my doubts have so far been confirmed . She will not stay there when I put her there , nor will she use it on her own . I 've put treats there to lure her , but she 'll reach her paw over from the old shelf to the new shelf and pull the treats closer so that she does n't actually have to step on it . In a moment of craftiness , I cut a piece of cardboard to size and slipped it in under the cover to firm it up . She still wo n't use it . The shelf 's cover is too large to use without the included padding . Another negative note
 It does n't stay on the wall . It needs squews to work . Plus this thing is too small . Two cats and it is gone . Velco and glue does n't keep it in place .
 What 's the deal with not being able to choose a color ? Does the seller think that customers do n't care about the color of an item that will be installed in their home ? What if my home is decorated in shades of green and the perch they `` select for me '' is orange ? Am I supposed to assume the burden of sending the thing back ? Poor decision-making , Petco . I will continue my search for a vendor that will allow me to select a cat perch in a color of my choosing -- or at least one that allows me to know the color before I order .
 I had to return the product because even after following the instructions exactly , it kept on falling off the windowsill . My cat weighs about 10 lbs and everytime she got on it , it would fall off . Not strong enough for a average size cat . Would n't go with the velcro adhesive type again .
 The concept here is good `` no tools needed '' to install . The product itself is well made , but the velcro tape does not adhere to the windowsil like it is suppose to , the perch keeps falling down and the cats are afraid to use it . If there were clips or screws on the perch it would be much better.I prefer the cheaper window perches because even though they are not plush they do the job and do NOT fall down .
 My cat really does n't like it He prefers the hammock style . The reviews lead me to think it would be large enough for my cat He is a Maine Coone .
 The sticky side of the velcrow did not stay on my wooden windowsill . It fell down even when my cat -LRB- 10 lbs . -RRB- was n't on it . My cat loved it while it lasted ... Wish the adhesive was better .
 I had this cat perch for only a few days installed it perfectly per directions and the part of the composted wood where the front screw goes in at fell apart and the whole thing came down onto my cats back . It 's not even real wood , its composted wood . its not worth 2 cents . I did order an another item shortly after called K&H 3096 Unheated Kitty Sill its made of real wood and has a really thick and soft `` egg carton '' foam which my cats really enjoy .
 Spectacularly unimpressed with this product and with the whole transaction . I ordered this cat perch but the item I received looked nothing like the photo posted at Amazon . The product description says there are assorted colors , but there is no way to select a color when placing the order . Based on the photo posted with the product description , I expected to get a white cat perch with simple `` L '' - shaped arms that would hold it to the wall . Instead I got a brown cover and the arms had curly cues on the ends ; these did not hold the perch securely to the wall at all and the Velcro did not adhere to the window sill for more than a couple of weeks . -LRB- I 've had other cat perches at the same location in my home , and the Velcro lasted for years . -RRB- If it was possible to give this item 0 stars then I would do so .
 Think twice before buying this . My cats loved it and spent hours sleeping on it . Until it fell to the floor because the particle board cracked around the bolts . I fixed it . I should have known better . It happened again and one of the cats got a laceration on his back paw . The cat is fine after a visit to the vet , two stitches , antibiotic shot and a $ 150 bill .
 My cat loved this perch as soon as we installed . However , my cat is a 14 pound Maine Coon and is probably bigger than your average cat . After about three months of use we came home to find the window perch on the floor . Over time my big kitty manage to bend the supports . So do n't buy this one if you also have a larger type of cat .
 I purchased this a few months ago and it stays on the window for a while and then falls off unexpectedly . The velcro sticks to itself on the seat , but pulls away from the sill because the adhesive is not strong enough .
 The list price shows $ 44.90 , the shipping weight shows 4.4 pounds , even a previous review mentioned getting a whole display box of these 7oz packages , so that 's what I assumed I was getting ... Not true ! I paid $ 4.79 + $ 5.99 shipping for ONE 7oz pack ... . I could have purchased these at the grocery store for about the same price , and I would n't have had to wait for them to ship . The product by Pedigree is great , my dog loves them , and she has the best doggy breath around , and her teeth are always clean . I recommend the product itself , but purchase it elsewhere because PetCo will rip you off .
 I would ` nt recommend this stuff to anyone with breathing problems . I have asthma and it triggered an attack . Also , I used a ton of this stuff -LRB- 6 bottles -RRB- , exactly as directed and it DID NOT work at all . Althought the OUT Natural works like magic and leaves a nice smell behind . But it seems to be getting discontinued everywhere . Hey if it works , get rid of it so people have to buy something that requires multiple bottles and does n't live up to it 's hype . But the company makes more money on something that does n't work cause you have to buy soooooo much .
 I 've ordered this product for years for my dog and I always get the 4lb version because it lasts the longest and is the best value for the money . The product itself is great , however , it 's the container itself that I have a problem with . ... this time for some reason I was sent 4 separate 1 pound bottles . That 's kind of impractical . It takes up more space in my cabinet and it was n't the 4 lb . bottle that was pictured when I placed the order . Just be aware and make extra sure that you are getting ONE 4lb bottle when ordering . This has never happened in all of the years I have purchased this product , but now I am aware to ask !
 This is a great travel item if your pet is under 5 lbs ! I bought 2 of these ; both for my 2 small -LRB- about 8 lbs each -RRB- and they did n't fit ! Just be aware that this carrier is VERY small !
 My cats were fine with my husband and I using these wipes on them , but it left their fur incredibly sticky ! After five minutes , it hardened their fur into spikes ; it was as if we 'd put hair gel into our cats ' fur and finished it off with a thick coat of hair spray ! Brushing it out did no good , and we had to give them a bath in the end to get the gunk out of their fur . I would never recommend this to anyone , unless their cats are backup dancers at a punk rock concert .
 this doghouse , was cute , unfortunately , the construction was poor , poor panel fit , and wood quality was not good , i do not recommend it .
 I was lured by the idea of not having to buy lint roller refills ever again , but it seems that this lint remover is actually very hit-or-miss . It does pretty well with lint and pet hair on the couch and other solid objects , but taking the cat hair off of my sweaters and jackets it another story ... it just does n't quite get the job done . If your main concern is upholstery or some other fabric-covered item , this is a fairly good product for that , but traditional sticky lint rollers may give you more bang for your buck .
 I found this article difficult to use as it keeps rolling over if you do n't grip it very tightly ! Also , there is a strange odor to the block . I have n't washed it yet so the odor might dissipate . More later ...
 Save your money . I used this to get cat hair off my couch and all it did was spread it around in clumps . Absolutely worthless .
 Bought 10-15 packages of Merrick patties in various flavors . Unwrapped 1/2 and placed in airtight container ... the other half , I kept wrapped and stored in another airtight container . Both containers hatched small , segmented worms within 5-7 days , albeit many more in the container holding the unwrapped patties . NOTE
 The offer here is very clear , especially with the note that `` You save $ 42.81 . '' Yet when I went to order , I called PETCO first and they told me they are aware of the problem , have received complaints but have done nothing about it . The price advertised is for 5 patties only . This is false and deceptive advertising .
 The description CLEARLY states a 75 pack nad ONLY 5 ship !! ONLY 5 . They are rip off artists.Do not order from this company .
 I ordered then read the reviews . When I saw a review that said the actual quantity was 5 not 75 , I called to confirm . They said it is an error in the system , but if you go down to description , it says 5 ...
 I made the mistake of purchasing this item . I actually ordered two . You can imagine my surprise when I only received two five-pack and not the 150 indiidual patties like I thought . Working at a local pet store , this particular item do sell individually and in packs of five . I see that Amazon or someone rather had inserted January 2007 next to the item on the main frame . That was not there when I made my purchase . I believe that the company that sent the product should have honored the promotion if they want repeat business o at least give a credit .
 I bought the same thing from Petsmart for half the cost and even got an extra bone .
 If you 're really gung ho on feeding this to your cat , you might want to pull up a litter box while they eat . Otherwise you could find yourself cleaning diarrhea out of your living room rug.I originally bought three cans of Merrick cat food . The first smelled spoiled and neither of my cats would eat it . The second was fine , though they did n't like the chunks and would just lick up the gravy . And the third one made one of them -LRB- and then me ! -RRB- sick.One for three is an awful average , and I wo n't be buying this brand again . I 'll stick with Wellness and Eagle Pack instead , thanks .
 I had no problems with this feeder while it was working , but I have used it for less than a year and it just died .
 Knowing my cats , I set up a `` trial '' in the kitchen , letting them go at it with a little food in there for an hour unsupervised . They managed to completely disassemble the thing within the hour . Of course , they have outsmarted EVERY automatic feeder I have tried to date , but I was nonetheless disappointed .
 This is the worst product I 've purchased ... as long as I can remember . The directions are horrible and there 's no phone number provided for the company within them . I definitely recommend any of the non-digital pet feeders before this one .
 Since my cats * love * tunnels , I ordered this one , my second , because it was a lot longer than the first . Alas , the wiring around the openings is n't sturdy enough to keep it open . Once it collapses , that 's the end of the tunnel fun .
 I do n't recommend this ! The bottle is tiny and it cost us $ 25 , plus it leaked in the package they sent us . You can get more for your money elsewhere .
 My 10 year old cat has hip problems . He will no longer jump on the sofa or bed but he will climb his way up -LRB- not good on the furnishings -RRB- . My vet recommended glucosimine so I researched the brands and I chose synflex because of the reviews . Unfortunately , I have not notice any change with my cat after 8 weeks of use . I have 8 more weeks left in the bottle and plan to continue until it is gone . I will not continue to use it if there are not any noticable results when the bottle is empty . Synflex may work for others but it is not working for my cat at this point . Side note
 we used `` people '' glucosamine on our dog with fabulous results , so when our 11 year old cat started having problems with her hips , we thought this would be beneficial to her as well.first , let me say that she does NOT like the taste of this glucosamine one bit . since the directions say to give her such a large amount , it 's not exactly possible to `` sneak '' it to her either . but , i 've found that if i mix it with super cold wet food -LRB- just enough to help against the taste of the glucosamine -RRB- she 'll reluctantly eat it , as long as i keep her from her `` real '' food until she 's done so.after using this product for roughly 3 weeks , i see no improvement and it 's already time to order more . ` not cheap , by any stretch . but , we decided to stick with it for another bottle 's worth just to see.as for the seller , they could n't have been faster in their delivery . so , we 're very pleased with them .
 I would avoid this model at all costs . The whole carrier is made of cheap plastic . It was missing one part . The plastic parts are so flimsy that two broke while we were assembling it . I learned the hard way that you need to spend more than $ 19.00 to get a good pet carrier .
 I bought this based on previous customers ' reviews , plus I trust the Coleman name . It is n't that this is such a bad product , but it has two flaws that , had I realized before , would have kept me from buying it.First , it is stable when it is all zipped up , but not when one end is open . If your large pet kitty struggles being put in , this can be a little frustrating . My old pet carrier had little sockets that ran down the top on each side that you would slide rods into , thus , keeping it rigid when in use , then removing them when you wanted to fold it flat for storage . ... But this flaw is minor , and is in fact manageable , but nevertheless , worth mentioning.The second is far worse , in my opinion -- I did n't realize that the nice plush soft pad is permanently attached to the frame . The first time I used it , my cat peed in it at the vet ... would n't it be nice if that plush pad were removable and could be tossed in the wash ?? Nope . The whole apparatus got washed by hand in my kitchen sink -LRB- not just `` spot '' cleaned as per manufacturers ' recommendation -- sorry , not good enough for cat pee , thank you very much -RRB- , and is now drying in the sun in my back yard . Who knows how long that will take in the middle of February?Other than that , it is a well made product . Sturdy , etc. . And it does fold nicely for storage .
 Product appeared to be of good quality , but was much too small for my 12 pound Jack Russell . Merchant cooperated and accepted return , though I wound up paying shipping both ways .
 They feel like a mix between cardboard and Styrofoam my hamsters wont go near them and who can blame them ?
 I ordered these for my labradoddle and she is about 50 lbs and 3 years old . I gave her one of these as a treat and after she was done with it , she cam in and minutes later vomited it all up over the silk carpet.I tried one more time on a different day at a different time and I got the same result.I guess they are too greasy for my dog as we keep her on a fairly strict organic diet of high protein dog food.I would suggest trying one to see if your dog tolerates them , or else you will end up like me with a box of them.Wayne Case
 I bought two 24 can cases of this canned dog food , but on opening a couple I fond large black lumps of less than one inch in diameter . Is this mold or some ingredient ? I do n't know , but it does n't look nice . I am contacting customer service to ask about returning this VERY EXPENSIVE dog food . I expect the return process will be a pain , but my dog got sick after the first can so I wo n't give her any more . From now on it 's HOME COOKING for my German Sheperd !
 The Kitty Whiz trainer is very cheaply made of the thinnest plastic . Cats will tend to want to stand in the litter when they are first learning to transfer to toilet training , this unit however is so weak that it ca n't support the weight of the smallest cat -LRB- our is only 3lbs -RRB- and buckles scaring the cat away .
 I 'd have put no star if I could have.This thing is made from cheap plastic that 's not sturdy enough to support a kitten , much less a full grown cat . The rings came loose upon sitting it down onto the toilet so there could n't be any stages unless it were taped together . The setup wo n't fit onto a standard toilet without modification . Do not buy this unless you want to know what `` design flaw '' really means .
 The whole idea is great , but very thin plastic and cheap . It stated for cats up to 10lbs and my cat is 9lbs and the first time she used it , it collapsed . If it was made with some type of stronger material , I think it would of worked fine .
 This product is a great idea , but very badly executed . It is way too flimsy . It will not hold up under the weight of even a small cat . It will move alot under the cat 's weight and it makes loud crinkling noises . These are not things that make a cat comfortable to use the toilet . This will scare the cat away and make you and the cat unhappy when the cat goes somewhere else.Do not waste your money on this product.After our bad experience with this product we found the same idea in a sturdy , well made product from citikitty . I can recommend the citikitty system .
 I used this and it does not work . It would not hold my kitten when she was tiny , and it certainly would n't hold a full-grown cat . Do n't waste your money ! It is possible to toilet-train a cat - we 've done it ! - but NOT with this one !
 My kitties made it through stage 1 without too much difficulty . However , this thing is so flimsy that stage 2 was impossible . They are not even full grown cats ! I have n't given up hope on toilet training but I did toss this kit .
 This Product did NOT fit any of my toilet seat in the house , , , , , , , I have 3 bathrooms . The plastic Vo-Toys Kitty Whiz Toilet did n't have a proper fit and was to big !!!
 not a very durable product . flimsey plastic . it worked in theory but the cat would fall in the toilet if he stepped on the plastic .
 These products are the biggest scam ever . They make it seem so easy in ` Meet the Fockers . ' However , even if you happen to reach the final stage , cats will not use the bathroom unless there is litter , dirt , or anything else that they can use to cover up their mess . On top of that , whenever you have to go back a stage , you have to buy a new system , due to the fact that you have to cut out the bottom as they progress in stages . Now , I 'm stuck with about $ 50 worth of wasted systems , and I have to buy a new toilet seat , as the current one is covered with feces stains . And I still have to buy a proper litter box ...
 This is a JOKE !!!! Not made to withstand any sort of weight at all ! The poor cat needs some support at first when training and they ca n't even put one leg in without it collapsing . Do NOT buy for training spend the extra money to get the more sturdy ones .
 I have potty trained a cat before but this system is way cheap to work . It did n't hold up the cat so the cat would go on the floor next to the toilet . He knew what to do but could n't do it with this !
 Collapsed and completely broke before my cat could even squat to use it . And I put MINIMAL litter . I ca n't see how anyone could give more than one star for this . It breaks before even the first use ! As other people have said , it wo n't hold even the smallest cat . The directions say it can hold up to 10lbs . It 's basically a scam because you ca n't get your money back once you use it . You 'd be better off putting a plastic bucket in the toilet . I basically paid $ 20 for a tiny bag of cat nip -LRB- it comes with it -RRB- . NEGATIVE STARS !
 This piece of junk is made of plastic that is so think it is useless . On the package it has a warning that it can not be used with cats over 10 lbs . My under 4 month old kitten was 5 lbs when he tried to use it and it started to rip apart . Useless junk . The concept is good but the quality is so bad it is unusable .
 I was very disapointed with this item ! Made out of cheap plastic , and very over priced . My cat was scared to put her weight on it when it was placed on the toilet ! Do n't waste your money !
 This is a waste of money . The plastic is way too thin to hold the weight of a small cat . Once your cat attempts to use this crackling , cheap , falling apart thing , you may never be able to talk him into climbing onto a toilet again . Hoping the seller is honest enough to give me a refund . CitiKitty makes a much better product and it is n't that much more expensive .
 This wo n't support a cat 's weight without buckling , scaring the cat . Skip this and view a how-to video for better ideas
 I bought this dog food because the bag showed pictured of veggies and chunks of meat , and with a name like `` Beneful '' I thought I was purchasing a nutritious brand of dog food . My dogs did eat this food , but after reading the ingredients I completely regret purchasing it and feel just awful for feeding it to my dogs . The first three ingredients are Ground yellow corn , chicken by-product meal , and corn gluten meal . How disgusting is that ?! The main ingredient is a corn filler . One thing my vet told me a while back that I never forgot
 I saw this today at the local organic food shop and it was only $ 1.99 so I thought I 'd give it a shot . However my cat Garfunkel just wo n't eat them . He sniffed it , gave it a taste lick , and walked away.I offered it up to him a second time later , and he just did n't want them .
 I picked up a huge 5oz can of these kookamunga catnip treats -LRB- chicken flavor -RRB- since my cats love treats , and they love catnip.Well , my cats who will normally eat any treats I give them have avoided these like they were made of pooh . : -RRB- I even put some outside for the neighborhood cats who normally come running whenever I put special treats out . So far , no takers . Not even the raccoons seem interested and they 've been known to swipe the cat food I put out.Even the neighborhood dogs who will gobble up anything without even tasting it wo n't touch these things.While I 'm on the subject , I also picked up some catnip in a tub to give my cats and they wo n't eat that either . Maybe there 's just something about the catnip they use in their products that is turning my cats into catnip snobs.Anyway , if you 're going to buy this to try out , get as small a container as possible to make sure your cats actually like it . Do n't do what I did and buy a huge thing only to find out your cats wo n't eat it .
 Although it sounds like it would be a desireable feast for any cat - I have tried to give this to all my friend 's cats and so far none has liked it . We 've been passing the jar around and everyone gives it back , saying , sorry , but my cats are not into it . One male cat tried to eat one and stopped after half of the little stars , none of the other ones even tried . They smelled it and walked away.I think I will stick to the more traditional cat treats .
 Bird lovers should note that the $ 1.29 price quoted is `` per cake '' and the item is sold in a 12-pack only -LRB- $ 15.48 total , plus $ 9.75 shipping = $ 25.23 . -RRB- This works out to an unimpressive 18 % savings , further reduced by a high shipping charge . Do not be misled into thinking , as I was , that the 12-pack is $ 1.29 + $ 9.75 shipping = $ 11.04 -LRB- works out to $ 0.92 per cake , which would be a great price , similar to Xmas Tree Shops . -RRB- I placed an order thru Amazon , put $ 11.05 on my Mastercard , and received one suet cake in a padded envelope . I do not call $ 11.05 for a single suet cake a terrfic buy -- in fact , I 'd call it a rip-off . I called Grady 's several times and was continually referred to someone who was n't in the store that day . After several attempts , they agreed to credit the full price , and said not to bother returning the item . Okay ! They also agreed that the ad was misleading and they 'd fix it . Okay ! Except the credit was never processed , and the ad remains the same . I had to follow-up several times 4 weeks later , asking if the credit had been processed . This , my feathered friends , is a lot of work for a suet cake . Finally , I took it up with Amazon , and they issued the credit . I would not recommend dealing with this vendor . I would highly recommend Nottawa Bird Supply -LRB- they have a website -RRB- , that sells a high-quality product in a variety pack with free shipping . Forget Grady 's -- they certainly do not warrant top placement on anyone 's page .
 I usually have to put out suet everyday for the variety of woodpeckers that come to visit my yard ... but when I put this one out it seems to stick around for 3 days . . I just do n't think the birds care for it very much . The other one I use is Morning Song brand , and it seems to go much quicker .
 High Energy Suet - Case of 12 - High Energy Suet was damaged & competely melted when received .
 Although I am sure some cats will love the Firstrax Kitty Bongo Ball , our young adult cat had never played with it either alone or when we moved the ball to interest him . Other toys he takes to right away , especially those that move . Quite frankly , our dog has more interest in this toy than our cat . Perhaps this toy would be more suited for cats with a more gregarious personality than ours but based on our experiences , interactive snake toys with more of a range of movement interest him more .
 I bought this for my cat to play with , but as I was introducing it to her by gently pulling back the fluff ball and letting it go , the fluff ball came clear off and shot across the room !! Now , to be fair , my cat was certainly interested in THAT , but I expected this toy to last longer than five minutes . Especially considering how much I paid for it .
 Piece of crap , cat did not like it , threw it in the garbage . Some other cat may like it more than mine .
 My cat loves these toys , and the price was right . However , when I pulled it out of the package and brushed off the lint that was all over it , a metal staple jutting up from the base sliced open my thumb . That could easily have injured my cat 's paws.The cloth cover on the base of this Made-In-China product is mostly glued on ; the glue on this one is crumbling and flaking , and the cloth is already falling apart.Very cheaply made , to the point of being dangerous . Avoid it .
 This was gross . It lamb lund & smelled bad . There hard chips . My dogs Favorite is the Texas Taffy . Thats a winner . I cut it into peices . she LOVES THEM .
 My dogs have been enjoying these treats for years and we 've ordered this many times from Amazon in the past . However , our last order was a big disappointment . The description of exactly how much of this product you will receive is very unclear , so when I saw that the product weight is 4.2 lbs and the shipping weight is 4.6 lbs. , naturally I expected to receive a minimum of three one pound bags -LRB- as we have in the past -RRB- . Not so . Amazon outrageously charged us $ 41.00 for a single one pound bag of dried lamb lungs . You 'd think I was buying caviar ! The treats were promptly packed back up and returned . Tsk , tsk , tsk , Amazon : -LRB- So , 5 stars for the product itself . 0 stars for Amazon this time .
 This costume is cheaply made , but that is not the worst of it . It is definitely not true to size . I bought a size small for my 12-pound dachshund . He fits the measurements for that size according to the official sizing information . This costume is SO BIG that I triple-checked all the tags and packaging , which all say size small ! I tried this on my 25-pound Beagle , and it does n't even fit her ! She fell out of it right away as it dragged along the floor . The velcro pieces do n't match up either . There is a long strip of velcro on the back that they expect you to attach to a tiny half inch circle of it on the other side.Not worth it unless you plan to do a complete re-fitting and alteration .
 what is the purpose of this card with dog faces on it?the ad does not indicate if these are cards to be sent for greeting cards , calling cards , playing cards etc.Anyone have some clues ?
 this dress is really cute , unfortunately the size info was n't accurate enough and it turned way too big for our mini pinscher . We were very disappointed .
 Sorry . We have a Cattle Dog and she destroyed this in record time . If you have a &#34; El Destructo &#34; dog , you 're better off with Nylabones .
 I received this today and instead of what is pictured I received a green rock and a yellow rock . They were not multi color like the picture and there is only one per order , not 3 like pictured . Also it states on the front of the package that it is `` the rock floats '' yet on the back in small print it reads `` use caution near water -- this product sinks like a rock ! '' Also it states on amazon for romping and chomping but also in the small print it states '' the Rock is NOT a chew toy . Excessive chewing may damage the product '' . So I am confused what is this for ? Well we also took them out and played fetch . They each lasted around 3 throws before they decided to bust down one of the seams .
 Boston Terrier mix wo n't even touch this toy even though I put her favortie treats in it . The first time I gave it to her , she rolled it around for a few minutes and nothing came out . In order for treats or kibble to come out , it really needs to bounce around not roll . Other busy buddy products are much better .
 My 25 lb . cocker/eskimo had this toy shredded in less than a day . Granted , she does tend to chew her toys up , but I wrongly assumed from the other reviews that this one just might last ... not so !!! If your dog tends to chew up toys , this is not the toy for you !
 My 9 month old labrador loved this toy but in only a couple of hours itcame apart and she tore an eye off . I might be able to re-sew it but I would n't recommend it for a dog that likes to chew things . I have a Dr. Noy soft toy that has held up much better .
 My 5 cats use to inhale this food . A few months ago I noticed the cans were no longer 6 ounces -LRB- they are now smaller and flatter -RRB- and my cats refuse to eat any of it . One of them initially ate a bit of it but then refused to go anywhere near his bowl . I use to purchase this flavor , as well as the organic turkey & turkey liver and the chicken & mackerel but not any more . I also read a review on another pet food site that some people found corn hulls in their by nature organic cat food , which to me was the final straw . Better safe than sorry when it comes to my felines ' health .
 This is trash . It looks fancy , like you are getting a bunch of features , but the sweeping action only works for a few days.The worst thing , is that there are small areas where the powerhead sucks in water besides the intake port.This means that small particles will be sucked into the device , causing many problems . Also , senstivie organisms like anemones and sea hares will be MUTILATED even if you do your best to screen off the intake.Do not buy it . This thing is trash .
 Removes phosphate as noted , however use of this or any gfo drops the alkalinity a degree every 24 hours , you will end up spending money on buffers and constantly adjusting carbonate hardness . The best product a person can get is the sea salt and do regular water changes !
 I sprayed this on areas I did not want the cats to go . They sniffed it , and continued on their merry way . Not sure what happened .
 For the Redskins collar , they put up the COWBOYS ?! Are you kidding?I ordered this one , and they actually sent a Cowboys collar . Poor Fido , I put it on him , and it made him slow , unable to hit a moving receiver , and he started bad mouthing me in the press . With the Cowboys collar , he just could n't quite win in his championship agility competition for a couple years , he just kept coming in second place . -LRB- Also , he started dating this skanky blond cocker spaniel in the neighborhood , and she seems to be bad luck . -RRB- EDITED
 This is the worst hay I have ever purchased for my rabits . The hay was so flaky that it fell right out of the dispenser and the animals could n't eat it unless they wanted to lick it up off the bedding . Usually you always get a little of thins in every small bale but this one was made of that stuff . If you buy it , maybe put it in a dish ?
 This alfalfa is terrible . It is dried out , stalky and cut way too long . My guinea pigs could eat only about 20 % of the product due to it 's being so thick and dry . It created a huge mess in the cage . Do not buy this product !
 I ordered this for my 4-month old guinea pig . And the color just seems off . I looked in the picture and noticed that at least SOME of it is supposed to be green and actually fresh looking . In all honesty , it all looks dead . And it is EXTREMELY powdery . I think I 'll contact the seller , but seeing as how I already opened it to see if my guinea pig would eat it , I do n't know if they 'll do anything . I know my guinea pig is n't a big fan of it . 2 stars for it arriving on time .
 The tire biter is a piece of garbage - or at least that is where the one bought for my dog ended up within 20 minutes . The rope was torn off the tire almost immediately , and it was only a few minutes more until the tire was being shredded . Unless you want your dog to choke on little pieces of black rubber , then avoid this product .
 I bought these to save a few bucks , -LRB- why do the PB/M ones cost so much more ? -RRB- but my picky little rescue girl wo n't eat them . She loves the Peanut Butter and Molasses ones but unfortunately , in the assorted flavors there are hardly any of those . Now I 've got a case of them that will be donated to the local shelter .
 We started buying blue dog treats about a year or so ago . But somethings changed , now the treats are hard as rocks . I use to just break up the big cookies with my hands , now I have to break them over a table . I thought maybe I had gotten hold of an old box so I bought a new box and come to find out these are just as hard . I know this may cause my dogs problems , I went to the Blue Dog website to see about contacting the company , but they do n't have a way to contact them . maybe they just do n't want to answer any questions , Too bad , Now I have to find another treat for my dogs . Everyone be aware that giving your dog something this hard to eat `` MAY '' cause gun and/or teeth problems , just because they will still eat them does n't mean it wo n't hurt them . good luck .
 Great price but dog would n't eat them ! ~ Blue Dog Bakery Natural Low Fat Dog Treats , Assorted Flavors , 20-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- ... they 're also hard as bricks ! ~
 I was looking forward to providing these treats to our two small dogs but made the mistake of buying six boxes because I thought my dogs would ` for sure ' like them based on the reviews . They ate them for a few days , then I started discovering them around the garden . Unfortunately , they did n't like them . Others have written about how good they smell , that they crumble easily etc - I do n't think they 're any different than any other dog biscuit . They 're large , but they break into pieces just fine -LRB- without crumbling -RRB- . I 'd suggest you buy a single box to see if your dog actually likes them .
 i was so excited to give these treats to my dog . she only nibbled on it for a second before walking away from it . she does n't like any of the flavors .
 It took me awhile to narrow it down , but I finally realized that these biscuits were giving my dog diarrhea . She does n't have an overly sensitive stomach , so perhaps these are just too rich for her .
 I am very disappointed with this treats . I have given this product before which i had brought from a bakery in california and it was fine , But these biscuits made both my dogs so sick . My corgi and my mini dachund both fell sick and my mini dachund . I hope you do something about thse biscuits which I paid a lot for and now stuck with them .
 I choose this rating because the product -LRB- all six boxes -RRB- were inferior . Each biscuit looks like blobs of nothing-not the perfectly stamped biscuits I 'm used to purchasing . Ordering from Amazon was nearly the same price i pay at my local Smith 's Grocer , and I 'm disappointed in the quality . I notified Blue Dog Bakery by e-mail , but have had no response.I 've purchased this product for years for my Old English Sheepdogs , and have never encountered this problem before .
 This item actually gave our dogs food poisoning . We took them both to the vet after feeding them these treats for only three days and the DR said they had contracted food poisoning . This was the ONLY item that they had eaten that was new to their diet and the vet agreed that it would be these treats that caused it .
 Opened 3 boxes and treats were full of mold . The boxes were 4 months before their expiration date . Wo n't reorder .
 I bought these on a lightnining deal and from an objective standpoint , each box is well packaged with a good amount of treats . I have a 9 year old Havanese and she wo n't eat this . She ate them the first two times I gave them to her and then she just started to play with them without eating them . Oh well .
 I was excited to buy this peanut butter treat for my two small yorkies , they 'll eat practically anything , but when i gave them the biscuit they just sat , smelled it and looked at me , then looked at the treat , then looked at me again ... So dissapointing !
 My beagle eats pretty much any organic matter that crosses her path but she wo n't eat these at all . Also , they do n't look like the one 's on the box do , with a dark center and lighter outside , they are just brown dryish lumps . I thought maybe I had gotten a bad box so I tried another box but they were the same . Maybe a bad case ?
 My dog , a German Shepherd , did n't think much of these . Her favorite treat , chicken jerky dog treats from a store that starts with `` C '' and ends with `` ostco '' , she scarfs up very quickly and with real excitement & enjoyment . These Blue Dog treats she sniffs and wo n't take.They do LOOK tasty to me though , to the point where I want to take a bite . Maybe I would like them more than my dog does .
 I have a young , healthy , athletic Boxer and he had diarrhea so bad he had accidents in the house 3 times and moped around for a whole day after I gave him some of these cut up in his Kong treat puzzle toy . Boxers can have touchy stomachs and he has had a touch of diarrhea before with a new treat but never anything like this . Even the time he got hold of some chicken wings it was n't this bad . I recently purchased a carpet cleaner and was never so happy to have one on hand , I used it 2 times that night and once again in the morning . If your dog has any sensitivity introduce these slowly or just pass them up , there must be something in them that takes some getting used to .
 I ca n't believe all the high ratings on these . Like one of the previous reviewers , my dog hates them . I 'm not sure I would eat them either if I were her as they do n't smell like Peanut Butter at all - though I was n't willing to taste them myself due to the horrible smell . My dog 's willing to eat anything I 've ever given her , food or treats , but with these she takes it from my hand and then spits it out on the floor . For the first box , she would come back and eat it an hour later -LRB- while looking up at you thinking `` you 've got to be kidding me '' -RRB- . After that , she said `` no more '' - she just left them there and never game them another thought .
 I have purchased these for about a year , the last shipment I received the treats were all covered in a white fur mold . Sealed bags and I can not get the manufacturer or amazon to replce due to their `` return policy '' . DO NOT BUY THESE
 I bought the Lazy Pet Plush Condo for my three cats - all are between 9 & 13 lbs . The two larger cats could not fit comfortably in this , but none of them were interested anyways . They tried it once or twice and then it sat in the house for months never to be touched again . I gave it to my mom for her cats . Again , they looked at it a few times and lost interest . We finally donated it to charity . Besides the lack of interest from the cats , the design is rather flimsy . I suspect this is why my cats did n't like it . When they tried to sit on top of it , it would shake unsteadily . When they leaned against it to scratch , it wobbled . I think for the money you could find a much better product .
 My cat just does n't like it , hates the scratching post and he fit in it for about a week when he was a kitten . Everyone needs to know , this is not suitable for an adult cat . maybe a kitten .
 I received all containers previously opened - all seals were opened . On the top of containers was decent pieces of liver and below that were grisley pieces and a lot of powder on the bottom . I will never buy liver treats from Amazon again . BIG RIP-OFF !
 I selected this company over the other even though the price was higher . I was hoping the pieces would be more consistent in size . It tuened out the container was filled with smaller crum like pieces , worse than the other company 's . I will never buy anything from this company .
 okay , it 's freeze-dried liver cube-lets . my common sense tells me that for a lot less than the price of this treat i could buy real liver , cube it and freeze it . it would serve the same purpose for a lot less money , and it would not be over-processed . that said , our dog would do back flips for this treat , so if you 're made of money , go ahead . you 'll make your dog 's day : - -RRB-
 Same price as Dr. Foster & Smith .
 He LOVES dehydrated liver . I make it for him all the time , so I thought he 'd love THIS , too , and it would be good when/if I did n't have my homemade dehydrated ready . I bought two big containers and he wo n't touch it ! I ended up giving it away . I think it 's the freeze drying process . Dehydrating keeps the flavor better . Have YOU ever eaten freeze dried food ? I have and it tasted awful . So , it you want to try this , get a small bag first , so you do n't waste your money like I did .
 Pond block does not work at all . I tried using it in a outdoor fountain and it did nothing to stop algae . I purchased another liquid brand and two capfulls does the trick and i have zero algae in my fountain . This product did not work at all for me
 Do n't buy these supposedly stainless steel feeder cups . Mine rusted out immediately before I even soaked off the stickers on the outside !
 I bought the toothpaste and there were some weird green fibers in there . My dog sniffed at it and turned his head away . So I called the manufacturer , -LRB-800-RRB-338-3659 , to ask them what the green fibers were . They did send a pick-up for lab test but later never returned my phone call when I asked for the result -LRB- I called many times . When I called this company no one ever answers the phone . I do n't know if it 's going out of business or what . But I would n't dare to purchase any more product from this company
 After using a similar brand -LRB- CET -RRB- for almost a year and noticing how our dog 's teeth were actually worse , I did some research and found out that two of the main ingredients are Sorbitol which is a alcohol sugar and Destrose which is made from honey & sweet fruits . Brushing is wonderful but all of us know how brushing sugar into our own teeth is not a good idea so why would it be good for our pets . Before now I never thought about the possibility of them putting these into the toothpastes . No wonder dogs and cats love the taste w/all that sugar along w/other flavoring like salmon , beef , chicken , etc. , let alone the preservative and chemicals . It seems alot of the veternarians do n't look into what 's in these products either . Please do your research . There are products that myself and others have found that have natural ingredients that are safe and get rid of the tartar and they 're great . Some you brush on , others you spray on and one you add to their food daily . Just read what 's in them and you 'll see the difference . I found them for sale on Amazon also which are the best prices . These natural products do n't cost that much and they last along time . The toothpastes are really cheap and why do you think that is ? Trust me , it 's alot more expensive to have to go the route of having your pets teeth cleaned and paying for anesthesia , etc. , let alone the trauma your pet goes thru , and also the possbility of having to have teeth removed because of tooth decay which we have gone through . Vets sell us also on CET Chews which is what we had our pet on for 5 years and they made them much worse and also caused her alot of stomach and bowel problems . Just because our pets love these things we give them does n't always mean they are good for them or just because our vet recommends them . Hope this info helps .
 The product description for this is wrong !! There is a somewhat `` hidden '' zipper but for some inexplicable reason , the lining is sewn into the cover so you ca n't separate the two .
 I have bought one in the past and it was great , this one came with low batteries . It does not make noise when dog plays with , rather goes off on its own , randomly . Not worth the time or money to reship .
 My dog never plays with this toy . I thought she might enjoy it because I had a talking mouse toy that she loved , but I was wrong . I think the fact it 's hard plastic makes it unappealing . Also , this toy talks if it is moved even slightly .
 Hard plastic for a dog toy is not a good idea . I thought the sound would be entertainment enough for my GSD but that proved to be a false assumption . I bought the large and the medium sizes.At first , he was totally surprised to hear a ball talk so he was very cautious . My husband and I played with the ball trying to get him interested in it . Once he realized the ball was not comfortable in his mouth , it was game over .
 I purchased this toy for my 13 # mini dachshund . Within 5 minutes he had it chewed to pieces . I tossed it out and it was in my trash can for about a week talking and babbling !! I do not reccommend this toy at all !
 I have purchased about 4 of these because my JRTs love them , and I got one for my granddaughter . However , there is a huge problem with the batteries
 We have a 1 year old Chihuahua that loves new toys and will play with just about anything . But like * most * dogs ... they want to try and `` kill '' a toy . This thing is made of hard plastic , so it 's impossible for the dog to even slightly get it 's teeth into it . One option might be to put another hard rubber layer around the ball.Our chihuahua played with it for a while but then just decided to ignore it . -LRB- + / - after 3 min . -RRB- I also tried the smallest version of the `` talking ball toy '' ... but it 's still too big for our dog to put in it 's mouth -LRB- which I obviously prefer -RRB- . I still feel that they should put another layer of hard -LRB- non toxic -RRB- rubber around it.It might be useful if you have another bigger toy , then just shove this ball into it.Having said all of that I would give it 3 stars for quality -LRB- seems pretty well made -RRB- but I have to drop another star just because of the sounds which seem pretty pathetic , but mostly because there is no way to reduce the volume ... the sound is just too hard to our liking .
 This entire order was a disaster . Animals could not have cared less for it . Too expensive in relation to pleasure it gave .
 Our dogs weigh about 15 pounds and this ball got SHARP points on it as they played with it . Tiny pieces came off and got in their fur and probably down their throat . Not safe !!! The babbling part was great . They loved it for the short time they were allowed to play with it . I returned them -- and requested a refund for the unused ones . A great idea for a toy , but it must be made safer .
 My little pom a poo was not at all interested in this toy . The fact that it makes human sounds was not a selling point for my dog . I really just wasted my money . Give my dog a box full of old soxs to find and scatter all over the house and he is really happy and old soxs are a lot cheaper !
 My little dog likes this OK , but it has won the attention of my cats the most . I do wish it kind of giggled like that giggly ball is suppose to , but it is cute . Very sensitive too . I just walk by it and it talks . It is funny at night or early morning when I hear it talking because one of our cats is playing with it . My dog does n't chew it , so we do n't have a problem with that . Would buy it again.UPDATE 11-19-2012 - We got another dog so I bought one for him . As he played with it , I could hear it knocking on his teeth when he would chase it and pick it up . I was afraid it was going to crack his tooth like those goofy nylabones can so I had to lose this when he was n't looking . Too bad though , because it is cute . I just wish it was made of a softer material .
 This product is very poorly made ... My pets had it for 10 minutes and it broke ... and little plastics are coming off too.In my opinion , this product is way overpriced . The construction is cheap , made in china , malfunction in 10mins . The cost to make one is probably 50 cents . Beware !!!
 This stopped working one day after the 30 day return policy . New batteries would not make it work . If I would have purchased this at a brick and mortar store they would have exchanged it for a new one . My Yorkie really did LOVE this toy . She did not abuse it in any way . I am disappointed with Amazon 's return policy . : ^ -LRB-
 I purchased this product almost six months ago and have given it time to write this review . As pet owners , we are always looking for a product that entertains and keeps our four-legged friends busy . Especially after a long days work , etc. . I have a 38lb . black Spanador -LRB- Cocker Spaniel and Lab mix -RRB- . This breed is high energy and needs to be active much of the time . She is also a CHEWER ! I do not recommend this ball for really any dog . No matter if the dog is high or low energy or chews/not chews . In my experience the ball made her more ` spastic ' and crazy . I believe it was overstimulating her in a negative way . Also , the ball started to break apart in little pieces after only a few hours . I do not recommend this product . Maybe if the manufacture rubberized it in the tough material that Kongs and other durable products are made out of . I found that walks and fetch still prove to be her favorite past times . They just want to be with us .
 My dog Princess loved the Babble Ball , but because it was such hard plastic and hard to keep ahold of , I had to take it away from her , so she did n't end up breaking something -LRB- a window , the TV screen ... etc.It does not specify in the product description that it was made of such hard materials .
 Bought the Babble Ball at a small pet shop . Lasted a long time . Bought from Amazon and hardly lasted a week . I ca n't buy it from the pet shop due to being out of state , or I would .
 A waste of money . It never made a sound from the moment we received it . Came in the mail right away but that 's the only good thing about it .
 This toy was a great find or so I thought . My dog loved it . However , it only lasted one day and then it stopped working .
 My dog LOVED this toy . Unfortunately it only lasted 2 minutes until it stopped talking . Replaced batteries and reset the toy but still no sound . What a disappointment .
 I thought at least one of my dogs would like this ball , but neither one is interested in it . I roll it around and they just do n't care . Oh well ...
 We have two dogs and a cat , all generally very playful . The ball 's `` voice '' is raspy and a little too loud for any of them . None of the three will play with it and actually try to get away from it when I roll it in their direction . I do n't know if ours is exceptionally sensitive , but it sometimes `` talks '' as you even just walk past it .
 Sm . Talking BabbleThis is one of the very few times I did not read the reviews before ordering . I bought passed on the favorable ` star ' rating . This item showed up when I was searching for CAT items and I thought it would be a good toy for our two cats . However , our cats are not fond of a toy that barks at them and is really for a dog/puppy . It would be nice if the list of messages spoken by this toy was listed in the description . That way if someone wants to get their cat a dog toy , all well and good but for those who prefer cat toys for cats , well they would just pass it by . It is going back tomorrow for a refund .
 Our dog loved this toy for the entire 18 hours it worked . Before ordering this one from Amazon , I got one from another store . It lasted slightly longer -- several days . These are a great idea but not worth the price because they do not last .
 I recently purchased the `` Talking Babble Ball Dog Toy '' , which I 've heard both pros and cons from friends and family memebers . I was excited to see if it lived up to the hype . The verdict
 This toy is made of hard plastic . A dog can not grip it . It makes sounds on its own when not even moving . It requires batteries . The dog wants nothing to do with a ball it can not pick up . Very disappointed in this toy . I thought it would have a rubbery surface but it is not . It is hard plastic . I would HIGHLY recommend a Wiggly Giggly ball instead . THey come in two sizes to accomodate all breeds .
 I have a 30 lb Aussie who is playful but gentle with her toys . I 've never seen her so joyful as when she interacted with this toy ; I think she regarded it as the best playmate she 'd ever had . LOL . Sadly , the `` babble '' component of this ball quit working after just a few days . I tried replacing the batteries hoping that was the problem -LRB- battery replacement is easy to do but expensive , btw -RRB- . No luck . I can hear something broken / rattling inside the ball . Normally I would not replace a product that breaks so quickly . However , my little dog has been laying around depressed since the babbling stopped , so I 'm going to order another and hope the new one lasts .
 Unlike other reviewers , I love hearing my dog play with something over and over again , especially if it talks . The `` babbling '' is very cute , but the flaw with this ball is that it is hard plastic -LRB- like a cat toy -RRB- and not something many dogs would enjoy because it does n't bounce and is like a hard rock . Now I do n't know about your dogs , but none of my dogs like playing with rocks , therefore this toy is very unappealing to them -LRB- not to mention me -RRB- because I ca n't throw it and play with them and have it bounce . Truthfully , this `` ball '' is really stupid because it 's not rubber and will not bounce and since it 's so hard , I ca n't throw it at the risk of hitting one of the other dogs with a rock like object .
 I bought this for my Yorkie pup and she loved it . Unfortunately , it only worked for a couple of days and now just makes a weird noise every now and then . A waste of money !
 My dogs were not interested in the ball . The voice was not clear and it was difficult to understand what it was saying . My dogs love balls but they just sniffed this ball and lefted it alone . Very disappointing based on the write-up and review .
 I ordered this item back in July for our dog for Christmas . I never thought there might be a problem with it , so I did n't check to see if it worked . Well , Christmas Day we gave it to the dog and it did n't work . I even put new batteries in it , but it still does not work . Now of course , it is too late to return it . I wo n't purchase an item so far in advance anymore and I will check to make sure it works as soon as I get it .
 My playful cocker does not like it , and he is not fussy , annoying sounds . Dont waste your moneyOr time ordering
 buyers beware ... i just recieved the small one today , and the batteries were dead :-LRB- .
 I ordered 2 of these and one arrived talking in the box ... did not work after 1 day . The other worked for about 3 days . Would be nice if it actually lasted .
 Too large for him to bite or move it around and too hard to really throw on hard wood floors , not pleased for the price .
 My dog never played with this toy . I thought she would like it because she loves the cuz and tore apart my mouse doll that sings . I think the fact it 's hard plastic makes it unappealing . Also like other reviewers said it does n't shut up . Even with the slightest movement it talks .
 I bought this because I had read some great reviews about hours of play ; however , my 5 month old deer chihuahua is absolutely terrified of this toy . I opened it up immediately and as soon as I put in on the ground and the noises started she started crying and ran underneath the couch - her `` safe '' area . The toy is laying in the middle of our living room floor and now she refuses to come out from under the couch . I 'm extremely disappointed on this purchase .
 Our English bulldog LOVED this toy and chased it all over . It stopped making sounds within a day and he has no interest in it now .
 Our 4 dogs did n't seem to enjoy it any more than any other ball ... The larger dog -LRB- Standard poodle -RRB- would n't activate the voices with the smaller ball when in teeth . Needs skin/tongue contact ?
 My dogs played with this for a few hours on the first day and loved it . After that , it stopped making noise . This is very disappointing . Is there anything that can be done about this ? Is it exchangeable ? Please respond .
 I had high hopes for this ball as my dog is blind and I thought this would be great so she could find it easily . Well , the noises are very annoying and loudly show up at random times which scared me several times . Also , the dog hated it . . she would shy away from it or growl at it , and not in a playful way . I fashioned my own toy out of a large bell and tire toy and it works great !!!
 Last year , I bought the `` small '' version of this for my puppy . He LOVED it , but he can now fit the small into his mouth . I did n't want to risk the chance of it being lodged , so I recently purchased the `` medium '' size . It ended up being smaller than the `` small . '' I 'm sending this back and ordering the large , hoping it 'll be larger .
 I either got a defective product or this thing just sucks . I was thinking this was a soft rubber type but its a very hard plastic . My dog is n't interested in this at all and its it heavy and annoying for my cat to enjoy . I will be returning this product . If you 're interested in toys that will keep your animals entertained try the Premire treat toys .
 I , or my dog , do not like this toy . It is too hard for the dog to play with . It was wasted money for me .
 I bought ithis toy for our 4 month old Boxer . He got so excited about it the first evening . Played with it all evening long . The following morning the toy have stopped working . The babble lasted 4 hours.Such a dissapoitment .
 This toy broke in less than three months . Contacted the company to see if I could get a replacement - absolutely no response.Really a shoddy product ... get a Kong or Nylabone instead !
 I ordered two . You 're supposed to pull out the plastic tab to activate . One was already pulled . Why did they send it ? Does n't work and I 'm not replacing the button battery at my expense . The other one is being ignored by both dogs . They hear it babbling when I roll it around , but they do n't care a thing about it . Totally bores them . It ca n't even be used as a ball as it 's hard plastic . Wise words
 We gave this carbon a try in our aquariums . A friend works at a university and tested the water before and after using Kent carbon . We saw hardly any difference between the before and after tests for organic removal . The professor said that pelletized coconut carbon is not meant to remove the type of pollution found in aquariums . he said pelletized carbon is used mainly for air filtration , not water filtration . I have since switched to Bio-Chem Zorb . That resin-carbon blend proved to be very effective in my aquariums .
 I bought this thinking it would benefit my bettas but I think it had very little affect on them . You are better off buying indian almond leaves .
 There are no directions on the bottle . If you simply rip open the package without cutting out the directions , you are not in good shape with this product . Fortunately for the Trade Winds company , if you OD your pet , they also make many of the medical products your emergency vet buys to treat your pet for big fat cash . It makes me wonder if the absent info on the bottle is in any way connected to this fact . Why I can not find directions with a simple search of the company site is also another matter I am not pleased about . What they should do is either write the dosage directions on a box the bottle can be stored in or write the directions on the bottle itself . As it stands , the tear away packaging leaves too many mysteries . Buy another brand with convenient directions .
 These look too much like a real light bulb to be a dog toy . I 'm afraid that if somehow my dog came upon a real light bulb someday -LRB- which of course we very much intend to avoid -RRB- she would be very likely to try to bite it since it looks like a toy she has played with . I would just hate to make her more likely to get hurt `` just in case '' she accidentally gets access to a light bulb . Something to consider .
 The balls were purchased specifically to use with my two small terriers in the late afternoon with low light . They do not glow , not even a little ! This is false advertising and I am surprised Amazon would let them sell on their website .
 The description on Amazon said the product weight was 4.8 oz but what was sent to us was 2.4 oz . When inquired about the problem , the seller pointed the figure at Amazon , Amazon in turn pointed the figure at the seller . It was very frustrating trying to get the item we paid for . Not going to buy this product again , that 's for sure !
 This product did not seem to help my plants at all . It also discolored and clouded up my aquarium water , which was very disappointing .
 Did n't really work with my two dogs . They only seemed to register the whistle when I could hear it and even then only with a passing fancy . The whistle it self was of decent quality of construction just not function . My child enjoyed playing with it so it was n't a complete loss .
 The only problem is that it really does n't work that well . If you use it around dogs , they really do n't care about it and while it has a way to adjust the pitch of it , nothing works from the highest point to the lowest . It 's not very silent either but at least it 's built pretty well and it has some nice features . In other words , it will make a great cheap gift if you want someone to think you spent twice as much on it .
 It should not be advertised as `` Silent '' dog whistle . It is not silent . Other than that the quality seems to be all right .
 Do n't bother with this `` ultra-sonic whistle . '' It 's a good emergency whistle , not a silent , dog training , whistle.This product did not work .
 There 's no whistle a dog can hear that a cat ca n't . And I bought this whistle so I could call my cat without disturbing the neighbors . The trouble is , my cat was sitting on the other side of the windowed door to my kitchen and I whistled as loud as I could -- and he did n't even look up . He did n't even know I was there . Had I used my regular whistle , he would have looked up ; but although I could hear the whistle quite clearly -LRB- there 's not much that 's silent about it -RRB- , the cat could n't hear it on the other side of the window , and I tried it at different levels . I finally tapped on the window and he came in , but I do n't think the whistle will carry too far .
 Received box with fish food and lounger that I ordered . Unknown to me the fish food broke open and was loose inside the box ... that was n't the worse part-fine dust from the fish food leaked out of the box and was all over the lounger box as well as my kitchen counter and floor . The size of fish food was priced well compared to that available in this area , however , I do n't think the clean up made it worth it .
 This bird feeder is great looking . But the seed holes are WAY TOO LARGE and allows the seeds to pour out of the filled feeder . Also the tray is very small for the amount of seeds spilled into it causing seeds to spill out of the tray . We bought a 13 '' seed catcher that helps eliminate that problem . But the feeder is not even practical for sunflower seeds as the feeder holes are even too large for those type of seeds . We are going to modify the feeder by placing a thin piece of aluminum sheeting inside the feeder , covering the holes and cut new smaller seed holes in the aluminum . Hope this works . Too bad the design flaw has cause more expense and more work . I would not reccomend this product for any type of birdseed .
 I have two cardinalfish , two clownfish , and five damsels , one of them 6 '' long , who is a ravenous eater . Most have been in my tank for more than 4 years ; the tank has been healthy for more than a decade . I feed them a varied diet , including dried crustaceans . Each one seems to have preferred foods , but they all eat whatever I put in , except the small cardinalfish who is newest . I have used Tetra -LRB- not this product -RRB- in the past with good results . My fish will not touch the Tetra Jumbo Krill whether I put it in whole or broken up . If anybody could explain to me how to make it interesting to them -LRB- assuming it 's wholesome -RRB- , I 'd be interested .
 My ferrets completely ripped it apart . The material is very cheap . It could not hold up to the chewing . I would not recommend this to ferrets who like to chew .
 Not sure if my ferret is fat , but he hardly fits in this tunnel especially if going up ... Oh well it 's something to keep her busy ...
 I previously purchased 2 cat collars from this vendor . I was so pleased I decided to get another . The one I got is marked dog collar and is not a breakaway design like the other 2 . I will not put this on my cat .
 Lupine Cat Collars almost KILLED my cats ! When they start to fray they tighten on the cats neck , therefore , CHOKING THEM ! I DO NOT WANT A `` LIFETIME REPLACEMENT GUARENTEE '' !!! I WANT A REFUND & FOR THESE COLLARS TO BE TAKEN OFF THE MARKET !!! If you have Lupine collars on your cats , please check them EVERY SINGLE DAY ! I have always been in the habit of checking my cats collars daily -LRB- since they are breakaway & I want to be sure my cats have proper id on even though they are strictly indoor cats -RRB- . The fraying & choking of my cat happened in 1 Day . I 'd hate to think what would have happened if I did n't check their collars everyday.Please use caution with these collars . Better yet , DO NOT EVEN BUY THEM !
 I am disappointed in this product since it claims to contain jumbo krill and I found the size of the krill are small . Plus , they crumble when you touch them . I do n't think I would ever buy this product again .
 This is a great product but I got one that does not work . I emailed the person I bought it from and they were really nice about it and said they would send me another one . That was 2 weeks ago and I have never heard from them again . I sent an e-mail and did not get a reply . Will not do business with these people again . . I feel like I threw away my money . I have nothing to show for it but a collar that does not work .
 I have two criteria for a dog toy
 It may be made with 8 '' of rope , but with the knots its more like 4 or 5 . I bought a rope toy triple the size for $ 0.65 more at pet food express
 My email to Solvit . Never received a reply . `` On October 16 , 2010 , I bought the Solvit 62283 Deluxe Bench Seat Cover for Pets.It was fantastic . Exceptionally well made . Looks great , fits great.On May 30 , 2011 , I bought another . Exactly the same product . Same model number . Same page on Amazon.This one is junk . Thin material , poorly constructed , feels cheap . I hate it.Both from Amazon . Both from the same product page.So my question . What happened in the space of one year?Here 's what I think . I think you created an excellent product , collected the 5-star Amazon reviews , then switched to a cheaper manufacturer to save money.Am I wrong ? ''
 We have had an old hammock seat cover by same company for a couple of years . The new one is of a much flimiser material and the hardware clipping it to the headrests broke after only 2 weeks of use .
 bought this for my great dane puppy , only 8 months old , and after only 2 weeks of using it it ripped in half . she is n't full size yet so her weight should n't have torn the whole hammock . very inconveinent that there is holes in the middle of the hammock for seatbelts . not only do the holes let all the hair fall on the seat anyway , she got her foot stuck on it once and ruined the whole thing : / i think it would 've been perfect without the holes , easy to set up and take down if anyone is riding in the backseat and would 've actually kept her hair off the seats ! save your money for a better hammock !!
 I have had this cover for a little over 4 months and while it started out great , the material they use to wrap around the headrests has -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- dry rotted . I do n't know if it was caused by the sun or the heat , but when installing it yesterday , the material just came apart . At first I though it had just come out of the slides , but upon inspecting it , the material is rotten . I can literally tear it apart with my fingers very easily . Great way to ruin a good product.I would have gladly paid an extra 5-10 dollars for this if they had chosen to use some high quality UVA proof nylon webbing , instead of this disgrace of materail they used . Plain string would have been a better choice.Only giving two stars because of the concept and rest of materials seem to be okay , but time will tell . I guess I will have to jury rig some new headrest straps . Maybe some alligator clips or something ?
 I purchased this about a year ago and I have 2 labs and they love it . The problem is when it needs a washing the waterproof vinyl backing is falling apart . I had to wash it three times and now I have to throw it out because its no longer waterproof and the seat gets wet . The other problem is the brass grommet holes that hold the straps around the head rests are ripping out and tearing the fabric . I think it should be reinforced better for a larger dog . .
 I really do n't want to give this product even one star.In total I 've ordered 3 of them . The first my dog chewed through the straps in 2 seconds , so I bought 2 replacements - one for my car the other for our other car.The hooks ca n't support any weight at all and fall apart when my Labrador is in the back seat - he 's actually been thrown in to the footwell because the cheap metal hooks have literally fallen apart . Not just on one , but both hammocks I bought.I 've gladly now paided double the price for safer better quality hammock for my dog and sadly for Amazon , form another supplier whose quality I trust !
 Water and mud flows right through the slits for seat belts , junk ! Later it rips out at those same slits !
 Do not like ... . it does not stay in place . Our dogs are little and the dog hair still gets all over the -LRB- new -RRB- car ... . We bought a outback and had to put the hammock all the way in the back and just lay it flat ... . and it still goes not work all thay well .
 I bought this item on the strength of the recommendations here , and I 'm sorry to say that either people never actually used the product for very long before posting reviews , or I got a defective item
 My dog weighs 75lbs , about the size of the Golden in the picture , and the product ripped from its supports after just one week . She is a calm dog and the product did not undergo and undue abuse . Most of all , the smell is awful , even after rinsing and air drying .
 It ripped apart within one week of using it . I need the company to contact me so I can get either a replacement or a refund .
 this product seems fairly well made but it smells terrible , like toxic . I have washed it twice and it still stinks . I am trying to air it out . I probably should have returned it right away but decided to try to desmell it . After 3 washings it still stunk and my husband complained of headaches ... so we threw it away .
 This was once an excellent hammock style back seat cover for dogs . It was strong , heavy duty , and durable . The main problem at that time was that the straps they provided wore out quickly but one could easily replace those with high quality bungee chords.After five years of hard use it was time to retire my original Solvit back seat hammock with a new one . I immediately saw that the material of the current product -LRB- May 2010 -RRB- was thinner and more pliable and that the grommets were smaller than before -LRB- no longer allowing the use of standard bungee chords -RRB- . Assuming that these were design improvements I tried it out . After one week of regular use the grommets are already pulling out and the material is ripping . What was once a fine product is now the worst in its class . I 'm returning this to Amazon even though the return window has passed -LRB- there just were no dog trips until now -RRB- and would hope that they stop selling this product.AVOID .
 Well , it wo n't stay in place , the straps are flimsy , be big holes for seat belts let the dirt/hair from the dog fall through to the seat , does n't cover the top of the back of the seat -LRB- my dogs have beards and rest their head on the back ... -RRB- Overall it 's not practical . The seatbelt feature is useless , nobody would want to sit on that and buckle up . Besides , the reason it has the straps is so it can be removed quickly in case of human passengers . It 's useless , looks ugly in the car and wo n't stay put .
 The hammock is very well made , and is very strong , but it is too short to cover the seat properly . When our dog jumps onto the hammock his muddy paws hit the seat first . My husband has another brand in his car and he has never had this problem . My car is a sonata so the seat is n't huge .
 I have two small dogs . This hammock did not work for my dogs . The material slide on the leather seats making the dogs very uncomfortable .
 The concept of the product was great - it fit in my car perfect , tucked into the seats great but in about a week I saw that it had ripped in a perfect line completely accross the part that meets the bottom of the back rest and the seat - like it had been cut by a knife . No knives in my car ... Basially useless to me now . My dog did n't do it and he 's the only one back there . Its not a chewed spot because its straight as an arrow and not at the sewn edges so it either had a defect in this particular one or the product is `` split '' sensitive . So buy it if you have a little 4 pound dog but apparently nothing larger .
 The material is ok , no rips or anything but my dog slides all over the back seat . I wish this had some sort of non-slip gripping on the bottom . I have a 92 lb Great Dane/Lab mix , so it 's not good when she slides . I ended up buying another one that has the non-slip bottom .
 I bought this because another reviewer mentioned it does not crack in the cold - apparently their definition of `` cold '' is different from mine ! This tie out did not survive one month just sitting on the ground . We got it for a 150 lb . puppy and we tied him out for a few minutes * occasionally * to let him do his business when it 's cold out -LRB- below zero -RRB- . We 've used this only a few times for several minutes at a time -LRB- always supervised , so no he did not chew on it -RRB- and the transparent coating on it has cracked once the temperature fell below zero . If you live someplace warm you probably wo n't have this problem , but if you live in an area where sub-zero temperatures are common you wo n't have this for very long . Since it is cracked I know it 's too weak now to hold my dog so I ca n't use it . In all honesty the `` large '' size $ 4 tie outs at a large retailer that I ca n't stand are the same quality , and I actually had one that lasted me 2 years . This one was a waste of money .
 You can get this exact same bowl at Walmart for $ 1 . Also , this dish is listed as 8oz but you receive a 6oz bowl instead . Luckily I have a cat and only 1/4 c. of dry food goes into the bowl at a time so this suited my needs . However , this is falsely advertised and completely overpriced .
 Order came on two different dates . When I ordered the bowls they where in stock &#8230; but for some reason they where not shipped together . The bowls are very thin &#8230; I have a 1 year old rottweiler and 1 of the bowls bent . They r not going to last . I guess my husband is right . You get what u pay for .
 The light that came with my fixture was a zoo med Flora Sun . That bulb has way too much red and not enough blue . So , I got the Ultra Sun Super Daylight . Yikes , it looks awful . I 'm not sure what it 's purpose is , but it makes my tank look ugly and sterile . There is so little red it 's baffling . It 's supposed to have a CRI of 98 -LRB- A CRI of 100 is the way things look in real sunglight -RRB- . I do n't know who rated that , but they must have been bribed . After a minute my eyes were hurting . I 'm going to return this tomorrow . I 'm going to go with a Coralife Colormax bulb instead .
 We will be traveling in a couple of months with our dog for the first time on a plane . We brought this so she will get used to drinking from it . I was researching several different kinds of waterer but the reviews on the other ones scared me . So I decided to give this a try after reading the two reviews . This is a great product . It is re-fillable from outside without getting into the kennel which is one of the requirements for airlines . There are little water in the kennel here and there but then I do n't know if it is just my dog being sloppy . Anyway , I have not experienced serious leaking yet . As for as advertising using any universal water bottles , I am not so sure about that . I used several different types of water -LRB- even try plastic soda bottle -RRB- bottles to try out ; water kept leaking out from the connection . Finally I managed to find a spray bottle in the house that works and fits perfectly with this waterer . I just re-fill the spray bottle when it is empty . Overall it is a good product ! 7/7/2011 UPDATE - After about a month of use , the section -LRB- the springer and the ball -RRB- where the dog is drinking from is getting rusty . I am not sure why it is rusting - I cleaned it on a daily basis . Any idea ? Anyhow the waterer is easy to use and have not leaked inside the kennel.Last Update
 I was using a spare water bottle to keep my dog hydrated while i 'm at work . the product works like described and he was drinking out of it , until i noticed a few days straight where the water level was n't changing . i figured maybe the bottle was degrading so i took a look ... and the spout was rusted almost completely through . no wonder my dog stopped drinking out of it !
 I thought this product would be a great thing to use when my dogs were in thier crates . First of all , I do n't know what water bottles it is suppose to be used with as none I have used will fit properly . I have tried all the major brands of water bottles as well as soda bottles and none screw in properly . I finally used plumbers tape to get a good seal . At first , they worked great . It attaches to the crate securely and by putting it just above the water bowl , it was easy to train to be used . Then they stopped using it . I finally discovered the ball valve rusted ! Now I can get them to work for a day at most before I have to take them apart , scrub the ball valve and replace on crate . I got 3 of these things and by the time I figured out why my dogs quit using them , it was too late to return them . Great idea . Very dissapointed .
 We had a crate waterer for our dog that was looped to the side of the crate , and our puppy kept knocking it off , so we thought this one would be perfect -- it latches on , ca n't be budged , adapts to any bottle . Unfortunately , it did n't work quite as well as we hoped.First , the bottles kept getting beat up -LRB- I think it was more our dog than the product itself -RRB- , and so we kept having to replace them . It was n't as seamless as advertised . Finally , we got frustrated with the bottles and removed it from the crate . Once I put the bottle up on the counter and looked at the spigot , I immediately realized why our dog had n't been drinking from it . The ball bearing RUSTED . I left the bottle there for an afternoon , and we could quickly see the rust residue collecting in the bottom of the bottle.I do n't know about YOU , but I would n't tolerate rust in my drinking water , or my dog 's drinking water .
 Did n't work well . Leaked all of the time . Not worth it . Very cheap , I guess you get what you pay for .
 Tried product and found no change in the shedding of my dogs . It worked well as a cleaning agent and smelled good .
 These bags were advertised as being high quality of a certain brand . They told me after I had ordered them that they would not be that same brand but they would be of high quality . They were wrong . I felt like I might as well have been picking up the poop with my bare hands . I had to go elsewhere and buy some better quality bags . I do not recommend these bags .
 This fell apart shortly after use . Birds did n't really care for it .
 I bought this because another reviewer mentioned it does not crack in the cold - apparently their definition of `` cold '' is different from mine ! This tie out did not survive one month just sitting on the ground . We got it for a 150 lb . puppy and we tied him out for a few minutes * occasionally * to let him do his business when it 's cold out -LRB- below zero -RRB- . We 've used this only a few times for several minutes at a time -LRB- always supervised , so no he did not chew on it -RRB- and the transparent coating on it has cracked once the temperature fell below zero . If you live someplace warm you probably wo n't have this problem , but if you live in an area where sub-zero temperatures are common you wo n't have this for very long . Since it is cracked I know it 's too weak now to hold my dog so I ca n't use it . In all honesty the `` large '' size $ 4 tie outs at a large retailer that I ca n't stand are the same quality , and I actually had one that lasted me 2 years . This one was a waste of money .
 I thought that the robes pictured were very cute until I received the product at my home . The material is flimsy , smaller in size than anticipated and definetly not worth the money.I gave one away to a friend that has a very tiny dog and she fit in the small but they are definetly not made for much more than 5-6 lbs.I am really sorry that I purchased them .
 They sent me the wrong item . I ordered the Large Paw stocking , which is supposed to be in the shape of a dogs paw . However , I recieved a regular stocking with 3 paw prints on it . It is nothing like what I ordered . Then when I called they told me it was sold out approximately a month ago , and just forgot to take it off their website . Now the christmas gifts are ruined , thanks to their laziness and inept customer service .
 Ordered this product about a month before X-Mas . Product was delivered in about a week , but it was n't the Stocking I ordered . The stocking is supposed to be a one big paw print in the shape of a paw , however , what I received was a normal stocking with 3 paw prints printed on it . Certainly nothing like the novelty I was looking for .
 I bought this item even though I read a review that said someone else had purchased this item and recieved another item instead of the item they wanted ... same thing happened to me ... i got the stocking with paw prints on it instead of the paw shaped stocking just like the other person . Dumb !!!!
 The compnay was out of the product I ordered , so they sent the wrong product without attempting to contact me , and charged my credit card as well . It took three phone call before they finally credited my account .
 The stocking came in a red stcking -LRB- not paw -RRB- shape with the paw embroidered on in white . I was disappointed -LRB- i thought the paw shape was cooler . -RRB-
 I WOULD LOVE TO BE ABLE TO RATE THIS ITEM , BUT MY CATS ARE SO SPOILED THAT THEY WOULD NOT EVEN GET CLOSE TO THEIR FOOD .
 I had no luck with this product!Did nothing at all to stop the barking.I tried different places near the front door and did nothing !!
 I was excited to try this product , however my little guy paid no attention to it . I have a terrier mix who loves to bark at any unfamiliar sound and the washing machine . He would bark , the light would indicate it was working and he would continue to bark . I even tried to point it directly at him and bring it close to him while barking . He paid no attention . This product was tried indoors and outdoors with the same result . I gave it to a friend with a Miniature Schnauzer . Unfortunately she experienced no reduction in barking either , however her dog did look at it from time to time , hence the two stars , not one .
 We bought this in hopes that it would stop our 10 wk now 111/2 old Yorkie puppy from barking.What a laugh it does n't face him in the least.Yesterday we was cleaning carpets and placed him in the playpen for service hours and he barked and barked and this item was with the mini 12 ft from him and he did n't stop.I told the company that I want a full refund and they want me to send the product back to them and then they will deduct the postage out of the amount they are going to refund to me , I told Mr. Miller about this and he laughed . This is not fair to us that we had to pay postage to receive the item and will lose that amount , but now they want us to pay to return the item.He believe that they should refund us every dollar that we spend and if they want it back send us a label to send it back at no charge to us.Jacqui Miller
 This product was not at all effective in stopping or even slowing down my dog 's barking . He paused the first couple of times that it came on but it has n't seemed to phase him since .
 This product does not work at all . It 's like a plastic toy you 'd find at the bottom of a Crackerjack box . I would suggest doing research on other sonic-control devices -LRB- which will certainly cost more -RRB- , and also to keep in mind that , overall , sonic control devices do n't have a great track record when it comes to long-term effectiveness .
 my shitzu puppies payed attention to the device for a couple of days , but continued barking anyhow . they just seem to ignore it now totally . its a waste of money .
 To update my review , my dogs eventually grew accustomed to it and it has NO effect whatsoever on the barking . Oh , i take that back , they do quiet down when i threaten them , `` I am going to get out the bark machine ! '' Little do they know it is sitting right there going crazy . Does n't bother them !
 Initially , this item seemed to startle my 10 month old poodle mix and distract her from barking . But I think she either got used to the sound or the sound made her more agitated , because after a week or two the barking almost seemed to get worse . We finally took the battery out and put it away . And it may be just coincidence , but the barking seems to have subsided somewhat . -LRB- We 've since been putting the leash on her and making her sit and `` be quiet '' and then rewarding with a treat when she complies , after every time she starts up a round of barks at people outside the apt . So far , she 's not gotten worse . -RRB-
 It simply didnt work on my dog , I was really hoping because that was my last resort but NADA , he continued to bark : -LRB-
 I would not recommend this item . I bought it one year ago . I was at the time hopeless regarding my two dogs barking . At this time they are even worse and I am considering shocking collars because they are driving me , my family and neighbors crazy . I just used this device for one month . Every time my dogs barked the light would turn on and the dogs would stop barking to look at the device . But at this time I think it was just curiosity , or maybe they got used to the noise -LRB- that I could not hear of course -RRB- . They stopped caring about it within one week . They are two medium sized dogs , mixed breeds .
 This worked well and had the desired affect in the beginning , but it did n't last too long ... maybe a month . Would not recommend it .
 My dogs like to bark at night , so I bought this thinking I would sit it outwhere they go at night . The first night I had it I put it outside . My dogs started barking and then stopped ! I thought yes this is going to work ! The next night , dogs started barking , and continued to bark . I went out and checked on the control box , and it was there but was n't stopping my dogs from barking . I also tried it in the garage where my boxer barks . It did n't work in their either . I would not reccommend this product .
 We have a Lab , Boxer and Yorkie . At first the collar stunned everyone , and it was really quiet for a few days . The Yorkie would shake when she heard the noise , I guess she just did n't know what was going on . After a few days , the Lab started barking again and my other two dogs would cower away like they had done something wrong . A few more days later , all three dogs were barking again . Guess they got used to the sound .
 We have a Boston Terrier who barks constantly when playing ball -- so we bought two of these units ; one each for upstairs and downstairs . She 's really too small for a bark collar so we tried these.Since the signal is ultrasonic , the only way you know when the unit is working is a red light flashes when activated . While our dog barks loud enough you can hear her in the house while sitting outside with the front door closed , the PetSafe wo n't work even as close as 4 foot away.Simply put , it 's not sensitive enough and there is no way of adjusting the sensitivity.We 've been round and round with the manufacturer , who has offered no solutions.Highly recommend against anyone buying one of these units . They 're a waste of money .
 We 've tried several bark deterrent methods with our Sheltie . The vibrating bark collar works best , though with her thick coat it is hard to keep a patch of skin shaved for the close contact over her voicebox it requires , and it is a higher maintenance approach , needing to take the collar on and off -LRB- for walks , etc. -RRB- . So , we have been looking for a more user-friendly , humane , consistent deterrent and hoped this product was it , despite mixed reviews . Unfortnately it was not . We tried it for two weeks before it was evident it was not going to make our dog stop barking . We could tell she detected the sound emitted from the device and even tried to manually `` practice '' with her associating the sound with her barking , but it never phased her at all , much less make her stop the barking . We returned the device and will continue the search .
 The unit has lights to let you know when it is on -LRB- blink green -RRB- and when it is sending the ultrasonics -LRB- red -RRB- . But since humans ca n't hear I ca n't verify if it is working . It senses when the dog is barking and shows the red light blinking . But it does not seem to slow down the barking . So it could be the dog is just immune to the correction and loves to bark . The unit is moderately low priced and was worth the experiment to see if this would work .
 Our chihuahua , who never barked unless people were knocking on the door , but as this was annoying we decided to purchase this for those few minutes of barking a day . It made his barking worse . Every time it went off -LRB- and I know it did because I could hear it -RRB- he would whine and then bark at it . Eventually the whining stopped and he would bark set it off and then go on a barking rampage .
 This device does NOT work for our dogs . They stand right in front of it and bark and bark and bark . The red lite comes on but must not be putting any ultrasonic sound out as has no effect . I am totally dissatisfied with it and am going to try to return it .
 I purchased this item with high hopes for my barking dog . However , after the initial ultrasound release , my dog was n't effected by it anymore . He barks just as much as he did before I bought this unit . Everytime he barks , the red light goes on , and he just keeps on barking . This device does n't phase him at all . I changed the batteries twice and it just does n't work on my dog . I am very disappointed and am returning it . I highly suggest going with the Innoteck Citronella Spray bark collar ... it works great !
 I am ashamed to have bought this useless item . It never worked at all - whether my dog was barking 10 ' from it ; 5 ' from it or was right on top of it.Don ' t waste your money
 Very simple ... it does n't work . I have three Beagles who bark frequently and they just ignore the sound given off . I know the gadget gives off the sound as I can pick it up with my hearing aid so
 I picked this up after reading the 50/50 reviews . One of our dogs ran over to it and jumped up to see what it was as it buzzed away . The other just wandered around and took no notice . Neither seemed scared/bothered at all . This product had zero affect on our dogs ' barking . I 'm going to return it .
 I tried this product for 4 days and it did n't work . My dog always barks when we are at work and the neighbors complain . We never told them we bought this product but they still complained after using it for 4 days straight .
 I purchased this to try to prevent my dog from barking when I have to kennel him . I did n't want to use a shock collar , so this seemed like the best solution , but I 'm not so sure that it was . First of all , it drains the batteries really fast . If you are going to use this item , I 'd suggest pulling the battery completely out until you actually need to use it.As far as preventing my dog from barking , it certainly did help . It did n't stop him completely , instead he just lets out high pitched yips , but that 's an improvement from what he used to do.Summary
 did not like the product , I could hear it myself and it activated with any loud noise such as coughing or shutting a door and my dogs just got used to it . I returned the product . would not waste my money
 I bought this thing and it worked for a few days and then nothing I wished I could return it and get my money back
 Not sure if its the product , or my psycho dog . But after about three times , she got over it and keeps on barking .
 This product was a total waste of money . I have a small dog and I thought this would be perfect for him . I got it and set it up by the front door , which is where my dog barks the most . My family came over and once they opened the door , my dog started barking and the red light came on and it did not even faze my dog . He just kept on barking and barking , so I tried manually pressing the button and he heard it then but he only just turned his head to the side and then returned to barking . If I could turn it up louder then maybe it would work , but as of right now it does n't work . So not worth the money paid for it . I would highly NOT reccomend this to anyone , if it wo n't work with my small dog then I 'm sure it wo n't work with big dogs either .
 This product does not work . My dog never stopped barking . She perks her ears like she hears something but does n't stop barking . I would not waste your money !!!!
 This product seemed to work when I pushed the button . However , I needed it to work when I was n't home . Obviously when I was n't at home I could n't hit the button . My dogs would bark and it would not even phase them .
 this device did n't work at all . it barely registers with my dogs - they just tilt their heads . I inquired about this and the company said it does n't work for high pitched barking . I wish i knew this when i bought it !
 I purchased this unit as I have 2 Chihuahuas who would bark anytime I left my apartment . The first day I received this it worked great , the noise or sound stopped them quick from barking . By around the 3rd day it no longer seemed to work at all . The light kept flashing so I changed the battery ... still nothing . I would leave my apt . and hear my dogs `` singing and howling '' for at least 5 min . This thing is a big waste of money and does not work in the long run . The dogs get used to the sound and no longer care if it makes noise or not .
 Did not work unless dog was 12 inches away or you had to push the button yourself . Did not bother the dog at all . Returned to amazon .
 I bought this product in hopes that it would work for my two Chihuahua 's and my puggle . My two Chihuahua 's bark at anything and my puggle goes along with the flow but her bark is very high pitched with a whinning / howling sound . This product nevers goes off when my dogs bark and I have to manually push the bottom in order for it go off . The reason I bought it is because I live in an apartment complex and when I come home my dogs will bark and bark and bark until I come through the dog and I 'm hearing complaints . I wanted something that would work automatically . I did n't want to put collars on my Chihuahua 's -LRB- I would never use the shock collars but I 'm looking into the spray collars -RRB- . They 're only 6 pounds each and they never go outside . The last time I tried to put collars on them they totally flipped out . My puggle is trained to go outside so she wears a collar 24/7 . Oh well ... needless to say this product does not work and I wish I could return it .
 This product is a great idea , if you have a large dog with a low bark . I have a toy Pomeranian and his bark is too high pitched to trigger it and the sensitivity is n't adjustable . Otherwise , it is a good idea and the button on top helps when training . Manually used its great ... automatically , not so good .
 Desperate times forced me to buy this product . Next time I will just give the dog $ 40 and see if that works . Ca n't be worse than this product.The Petsafe PBC-1000 Stationary Ultrasonic Bark Controller does not pick up the sound of my dog 's bark to automatically emit an `` ultrasonic '' blast . When I press the manual control it does emit a sound that is very audible to my ears but only piques a slight interest from my dog as she merrily barks away.Bottom line
 WE were hopeful that this product would work on our 7-month old doxi - terrier mix . He is about 12 pounds and is a rescue dog with some separation anxiety . He barked at night , every night . We had done our part , training him with various `` non-tool '' methods . This was our first tool and it let us down . He just looked at it . I think he even barked MORE . We bought a citronella collar , let him wear it in off mode for 4 days , then turned it on - and prayed . IT WORKED ! Thank God . We are sleeping at night It literally works every single time . So , do n't buy this or any other ultrasonic device . Just get a citronella collar !! Feel free to contact me with questions .
 Complete failure . Useless even with little 20 lb . terriers
 Unfortuneatley this product did n't work on my Pug . At first she got a puzzled look on her face and walked away . After a few attempts she just ignored it and kept on barking . This device also reacts to other noises like the stereo , blender , hairdryer , coughing , sneezing , etc. . Maybe it will work for you , but it did not work for me .
 Did n't work at all ! Scared the cat & she ran out of the room when it was going off , but did NOT even phase the dog ! Looked at it a few times , but kept right on barking anyway ! Do n't waste your money !!!
 Well I figured from reading the reviews I would buy this and have to send it back , but I 'm willing to try anything since amazon does such good returns . Hope springs eternal . This came in the mail today and using the manual trigger my St. Bernard puppy would pause for a second and then continue on with what ever she was doing . She has no problem being in her crate but will bark whenever we leave the room the crate is in . So we placed this near the crate and as soon as we walked away she started barking and the red light lit up and then she kept barking and howling in a way I 've never heard her do before . And barking and barking and barking . normally she will wear herself out after about 10 minutes so we think she was either barking at it , or the noise was causing her anxiety to keep building , she stopped barking after 25 minutes as soon as we took the device away . So for us it not only did in not work , It made it worse . May you have better luck .
 I have a 16-month-old Min Pin who is generally very well behaved -LRB- barking-wise , at least :-RRB- , but she goes nuts when she sees a squirrel in our backyard . I purchased this , hoping to discourage her barking . I put the unit right by the glass door sliders leading to the backyard ; however , her characteristic bark for the squirrel -LRB- s -RRB- is very high-pitched , and the unit only seems to light up -- and presumably emit the sound -- once every nine or ten times that she barks.I do n't want to discourage her barking by the front door , but as a brief experiment , for 2 days I placed the unit by the front door instead , to see if it was working properly . Since her `` guard dog bark '' is much lower-pitched and forceful than her `` squirrel bark , '' the unit did its job 100 % of the time by the front door . As soon as she heard the sound , she stopped barking and looked at me.Based on my unscientific experiment , I conclude that the unit would work well for larger dogs , but ca n't recognize a small dog 's yips and yaps . Thus , can not recommend this product unless one 's dog has a deep voice .
 I was really looking forward to receive this product . My dog is a small one - 12 pounds - 3 years old . Her only flaw is that when someone rings the intercom she goes crazy barking . I purchased this item because I researched it - I expected it to work . It did n't - it does light when she barks , I even point it at her and press the button , she stops for one second then back to the same old , even if I continually point and press it .
 My dog 's bark would not set off the alarm and when I manually set it off , she did n't seem to be bothered . Not worth it . If you have a dog with a deep loud bark , this would work but it did not work on my small yippy dog .
 The Petsafe Ultrasonic Bark Controller is slightly bulky , suitable for placing on a table , but too large for a pocket . I have two dogs that bark at anything that moves . They are of different breeds , so the pitch of their barks are different . The Bark Controller does not detect either of their barks , either singly or repeated , even when right next to the Controller . There is no detection level control . So , it does n't work automatically in response to barking.The Controller does emit a suitable , irritating -LRB- to the dogs -RRB- , ultrasonic tone when the manual button is pushed . So , if I am present and the device is within reach , I can use it to stop the dogs from barking . Because it wo n't fit easily into a pocket , I rarely take it outside for training use . Unfortunately , this limits the use for training the dogs not to bark . Any training device must be consistent and automatic , and this Controller is neither . Better to buy the cheaper , smaller , hand-controlled device if you 're only going to be using it manually.There is no off-on switch . Ideally , when away from the house , you do n't mind dogs barking when someone comes to the door . It 's a minor deterrent to burglars . The only way to switch off this Controller is to remove the battery -LRB- as per unit instructions -RRB- . Of course , since the Bark Controller does n't respond to my dog 's barks anyway and can only be used manually , the lack of ability to turn the unit off becomes a moot point , except to conserve the battery .
 This product was supposed to keep my dog from barking . I have a Bichon Frise who is 4 years old . It does n't work for her as she barks at the product when it emits a sound which is supposed to beannoying to her .
 I had the same reaction as another reviewer . The first time I manually activated the unit , my dog cocked her head sideways and hushed . Now she completely ignores it after a week . Never has it worked on its own . But that 's no wonder since the unit has to be within 10 feet of the barking dog -LRB- ????? -RRB- which is impossible unless you follow the dog around while holding it . So the few times I did walk up behind her with it , I 'm convinced the only reason she stopped barking for a moment was to wonder why I was following her around with this thing.The one star is because she CAN hear it ; however , it 's apparently not annoying enough to make her stop being annoying .
 This is crap ! Enough said . I have a 6 mth old German Shepherd Mix , and it did n't work on him at all !
 I bought this in hopes of stopping the dogs from barking at the front door and out the front windows . An area of only 10 ' x 20 ' . I bought the first one ... it did not work although the indicator light would come on . I knew it was not working due to the lack of change in my dogs habits , they gave no indication of annoyance or puzzlement . Their barking did not stop -LRB- or increase as others have said -RRB- . Zero indication it was working so I gave up ... two months later I decided to buy another thinking I had to do something , and maybe I just was unlucky and got a dud with the 1st . The second one only seemed to work intermittently , about every 3rd or 4th barking episode , they would all stop barking and look around with confusion -LRB- as in , `` what was that and where is it coming from ? '' -RRB- . This went on for about two weeks , then nothing after that . Again , just like with the 1st one , first thing I did was tried changing to brand new `` name brand '' batteries ... . nothing.So personally , I would NOT recommend this product to anyone . To date I have yet to try any other products ... . suggestions ?
 Yeah , Absolute crap , If you are looking for an appliance to slowly drain your 9v batteries , buy this and a smoke detector , no wait , just buy a smoke detector , that way if your house catches on fire hopefully it will work and you 'll get out ok . If this item worked then your dog might not alert you to a fire and you could die from smoke inhalation , so man I should have talked myself out of this before I bought it and just went with the 8 smoke detectors , now I am stuck with a barking dog , a useless 9v draining device and aparently a unsafe home . Good luck ...
 I set it up for my dogs because they bark whenever they hear a noise or if someone rings bell , I have 3 dogs , I put it on and they went beserk , they started going after each other , I did n't hear anything myself , but I am quite sure the dogs did , like I said they acted very badly towards each other , the tone must have made them lash out like that . I can not use it anymore .
 This thing had NO IMPACT what so ever on my dogs barking ! Do n't even bother with this product ! You are waisting your money !
 I bought this because I moved into a mobil home and was very close to the neighbors and my dogs were barking bothering the neighbors when I would leave the house . They just acted like they did not hear a thing so I am not sure they did .
 I have an elderly chihuahua who barks at everyone . This product did not work at all for him so I returned it .
 I am not really sure what to think about this item . It did work once i took it out of the box . The dog was quieter for the first month . After that she went back to her barking habit . Heavy consumptio on batteries
 Petsafe indoor bark control does not work ! Dog reacted at first but keeps on barking . would not recommend . if I could I would send back
 I read the reviews before I purchased this item and hoped for the best because when my GSP gets bored when I 'm at work he barks and I come home to hate mail taped on my apartment door . So with great optimism I plugged the battery into the simple unit and waited until something made him bark . Initially he cocked his head to indicate he heard a noise but he went right on barking . Two weeks later the battery needed to be changed and he acts as if he does n't even hear any `` ultrasonic '' beep . I wish I had n't spent the money . I wish I had n't such high hopes . I wish I had n't thrown away the box the unit arrived in , otherwise I 'd return it and ask for my money back .
 This device does not work for my 10 lb . shih-tzu . She barks for hours on end while in her crate . I tested the device and know that it is working , but it does n't stop her or slow her down from barking . I can even push the button right in front of her nose and she just looks at me . Do n't waste your money .
 After purchasing this item to help train our barking puppy , I actually went as far as holding it right in front of her as she barked ... and it would never go off . On the other hand , it goes off regularly from normal human conversation . The sad part -LRB- and actually the only reason I did n't give it one star -RRB- is that the sound does seem to have training potential when I used the manual button . The problem is just the bark detector , which is apparently not worth anything . I 'm returning this and will try a more expensive and hopefully better device .
 I have two female Weims that start barking at everything that passes by our house around 5:30 pm . They are waiting for my husband to come home from work . The first night that I used this product it worked . The second night they barked all they wanted and louder than I had ever heard them bark . The third night they had removed it from the wall where I had mounted it and chewed it up .
 Initially , my dogs found the sound interesting and slowed down on barking , but after a couple of days they acted like they did n't even hear the sound . Now , they are back to `` bark all you want '' .
 Got this for my foster pit-mix . She barked and stared at it a few times , then apparently got over whatever high pitched noise it made and ignored it ... fail ...
 I have two jack russell mix females -LRB- they are mother and daughter -RRB- , they are quick to notify something is amiss ... or that someone is here.Have attempted to use the deterrent several times within about 12-18 hours of connecting battery -LRB- yes , the lights on front blink red and green to indicate operation -RRB- the youngest and smallest of the two dogs will begin to tremble , incessantly , with no other apparent change in environment . It &#34; may &#34; calm the barkinkg ever so slightly . When the battery is removed and device seases to function , the trembling/shaking stops . If I try again the nexy day or so ; the same scenario plays out and the shaking , etc. repeats until battery unplugged again . So obviously this device is of no real value to me and a waste of the almost twenty six dollars I paid for it . I guess I will have to try the almost fifty dollar device from Hammacher Schlemmer .
 As a behavior analyst , I know a lot about using aversive stimuli -LRB- punishment -RRB- to change behavior . Most of the complaints on here make perfect sense . Using aversives can cause avoidance , aggression , stress , etc. . Also I do n't think it would work with multiple dogs . If one dog barks , all the dogs are subjected to the aversive noise . Also , you have to look at the function or what is maintaining the dog 's barking . My dog is not territorial and I do n't think this would be helpful for my neighbor 's dog that barks every time we walk by . Other people said it worked for a little while and then stopped . Again that is very common for aversive stimuli . We get used to them and they are not as aversive . This stopped my dog 's barking within a day . I am giving it a 4/5 stars instead of a 5/5 because I wish it had an on off switch and a way to tell me if it is going off . There are times the TV has set it off so I have to take the battery out . Really the best way to go about this is positive reinforcement but since the barking only happened when the dog was alone it would not be an easy way to deal with it . We also had MANY complaints a day . And it had to be dealt with swiftly . **** UPDATE - It stopped being effective . My first hypothesis was that the dog had become used to the sound . Then I realized that many coughs made the device sound . Many environmental sounds set this thing off ! Therefore , the bark was not being punished , the dog was being subjected to something aversive . I immediately stopped using it .
 My dog , a 3 + year-old German Shepherd , incessantly barks and freaks out at passersby and especially at passing dogs out the window . I 've had three trainers attempt to help me curb his bad behaviors , all to no avail . So at this point I 'm just looking for a way to curb the barking , the rest I can deal with . I 've attempted to go the route of a shock collar , but again , it has not worked.I purchased this little device a few days ago on the hopes it might actually startle my pup and make him think twice about barking . Needless to say , as soon as he barks he does get startled , but he ends up barking and literally howling at the device itself then . He eventually gets the hint after about 2 minutes of repeating this , and stops his fit of vocalizations , but by then I 'm already crazy from all the noise . Twenty minutes later , it starts all over again . Rinse , repeat.Simply put , it will not work for all dogs , and my dog is proof of this . I would suspect that trouble dogs , like my boy , are just NOT good candidates for this type of bark deterrent device.The only reason I give it two stars is because , where he would normally be barking and jumping near the window at passersby , this device actually bothers him enough that he runs back away from the window to bark and howl . So I can tell the ultrasonic noise annoys him . I do wonder if it would be effective if I got 3 or 4 of them so I could aim them in all directions , but after the results of just one I 'm not encouraged to spend more money on the device .
 Tried this with two very noisy Swedish Valhunds . They notice the noise but completely ignore it , so it did n't stop the barking , not even a little . Oh well .
 I have a pitbull and a german shepard mix . The pitbull would bark randomly and would sometimes just go along with the shepard . The shepard on the other hand would bark at anyone near our house , when a car pulled up , when we left the house , and when we entered the house . So I bought this product and was immediately pleased . They would bark and then look all confused and the barking was cut down big time . However , after a couple days , it did not seem to phase my pitbull at all . He started back on his normal schedule . At this point I felt bad because the shepard still did n't bark , but she still had to listen to the noise because my pitbull was barking . I think she just had enough after a couple weeks and she started barking again too . So this product worked for a little while , but in the end it just was n't for me .
 It does not give out a high enough frequency . . My dog just looks at it and continues to bark . . I did read the other reviews . But most for the people that did not like it had Terriers which I also owned and know they can be a tough dog to train . I have a Bichon so I thought it would work . No .
 This helped my dog start growling instead of stop barking.He figured it out pretty quick . If he let out a few yaps , it went off , so he just started doing a deeper bark / growl - maybe I just have a smart dog !
 I received the product very fast , but it does n't help quiet or reduce my miniature pinscher bark . He has a very high pitch bark and this product has not been the solution to reduce the barking . I also have a teacup yorkie and it does n't work on him either . I am very dissapointed .
 This device had absolutely no effect on my dachshunds . Thinking that perhaps the battery was the problem , I tried 2 additional new batteries with the same result . Perhaps this device was defective ?
 This device claims that it will send out a signal when a dog is up to 10 feet away . I have not seen it react except when the dog barks directly in front of it and three feet away .
 The product appeared to be having an effect on our dog and may have worked in time but we had to discontinue use . It also bothered the cats !!! WARNING
 first time my dogs heard this they hesitated . second time they did n't even pay attention . does not work !
 This was a complete waste of money.Type of dogs
 Either our little dog quickly developed a high tolerance for the Petsafe Bark Controller or the device quickly lost its `` juice '' . Battery check shows no problem . Our dog `` recognized '' the unit and for about 4 days either stayed away from it or limited his barking when near it . Soon afterwards , though , he had completely ignored the controller and can bark within inches of it with no effect . Problem with products like these is that there is no way to check whether the unit is still emitting the level of ultrasound necessary to control barking . Conclusion
 This device does not work . It did give us some quiet for a couple of days but the dog became accustomed to the high pitched sound and actually started barking worse . Fortunately the dog that was the problem was a foster dog who has gone to her forever home , where she gets tons of attention . Exercise and training is the best thing to stop a dogs barking . Lesson learned here . A bored dog with no or little exercise will bark !
 I bought this a few months ago for my terrier in particular -LRB- he is the only one out of the 3 dogs that really causes a scene if anyone walks by/in the apartment -RRB- The sound freaked him out for the first week or two then he continued on with his barking as usual . None of the dogs -LRB- terrier mix , lab/beagle mix , and keeshond mix -RRB- , nor the cat seem to be phased by this device . Tried the citronella collar and this device , now onto the dog trainer and possibly the e-collar -LRB- as a last resort -RRB- .
 Very disappointing and total waste of money . I bought the indoor and outdoor bark deterrants and initially they seemed to get my 3 dogs attention but after 1 week or less they were all back to the usual barking . Maybe for other breeds it works but not my Jack Russels or my Boxer/Whippet mix
 This thing does not work on my Yorkshire Terrier . He still barks inside even with the unit just five feet from him . He does n't seem distressed at all by it . Totally worthless for us .
 THERE 'S A LOT LESS BARKING IN THE AREA OF THE INDOOR BARK CONTROL . HOWEVER , WHEN I PRESS THE RED BUTTON , TO SET IT OFF , THE DOG DOES NOTHING . SO I 'M NOT SURE IT 'S WORKING . THE GUY AT PET STORE SAYS HE DOES N'T THINK ANY OF THEM WORK . .
 Item worked great ... for two months ! Too late to return . Changed battery and it only blinks red . Changed battery again . Still does n't work .
 When I received this in the mail , I bought batteries and put it near by doorway . It definitely worked and you would hear it make a slight buzzing sound every time it went off and a ready light would go off instead of the green light that was normally on . My roommate event set it off when she was talking really loudly ! The dogs looked at it mysteriously then stopped barking . After a week or two it stopped working , It would light up red still but the same slight buzzing sound was n't going off anymore . I took the battery out , put it back in and no luck . Unfortunately I did n't return it in time so now i 'm stuck with a piece of plastic that lights up red and doesnt do anything for the dogs barking ! So it worked , just not for long . I would n't purchase it ! Save yourself the $ 20 and get one that actually works consistently .
 I was so excited to get this product and end my dog 's barking . It worked a bit for the first few days or so , I think mostly because my dog was startled by it . But , as time went on , he got used to it and now it does n't make any difference at all .
 This device is poorly made and totally unsatisfactory in every respect.The instructions direct you to `` turn the device off '' when not at home.But THERE IS NO ON/OFF switch.The battery must be disconnected . -LRB- A must since the device EATS batteries . -RRB- A Royal Pain , as the connectors are cheap and will become damaged unless extreme caution is exercised . Another shoddy Chinese product.But the real problem is that the device does n't work ! Unless you hold the device a foot from your pet 's ear when he barks , the animal just glances at it and keeps on barking . At least that is the case with my Yorkie and Poodle . A total waste of time . The cardboard box it came in was more effective , when used as a paddle on their rears . Waste of money and time . I 'm looking for a Made in USA product that actually does what it promises , and informs me of its shortcomings up-front . -LRB- No switch -RRB- .
 We have 2 small dogs and when my daughter brings over her dog all three can get very noisy , each egging the other on to bark louder . After complaints from our neighbours we are desperate to try and fix the problem . We bought the PetSafe Ultrasonic indoor bark control after reading the reviews on Amazon . Unfortunately it does n't work for any of the dogs , initially the 2 younger dogs stopped for a few seconds but then continued on barking , now they just completely ignore it . It is back to the drawing board for us .
 Watch out ! the ultrasonic noyses does n't get 15 feets like is marked , it just work is you are walking and a dog bark near to you , do n't waist your money .
 we have been with the product 1 month and the dog at the beginning he stop barking but now he got use to it and he still barking and ignore it
 It does n't do as stated in the discription . It never even phased my small dog.She would look at it and continue to bark .
 I work out of my home and need a quiet home office environment . In order to maintain this , I would have to put my dogs outside or in another room on the other side of the house . They are not what I consider `` yappy '' dogs , but rather than take a chance on one of them hearing something unusual and barking while I was on the phone with a customer , I figured this was my best bet . Then I saw this little contraption online , read the many reviews , and decided it was worth a try . WRONG !!! It not only does n't stop my dogs from barking , it acually agitates my spaniel to continue barking , instead of `` Woof , woof , I 'm over it '' like she would normally do . I 'm not sure if there is a satisfaction guarantee , but you can bet I 'm going to check to see if I can send it back . If only it had worked like they said it would !!!
 You CAN hear this thing ! Well , maybe that 's because I 'm under 25 , but yes - you can hear it.Did it work on my dogs ? For a day . Then they started ignoring it.Day 1 I was hit with a migraine - I get migraines every once in a while , take RX medication for it , etc. . At first I thought it was a coincidence , took my medicine , was fine . Then the 2nd day ... another migraine . Then the 3rd . And the 4th . Do n't even waste your money on this piece of crap . I have 2 `` hard to train '' dogs , but come on - this thing is a joke .
 This item definitely scares the wits out of our dog but does not deter her from barking . I would not recommend it .
 I have used this and it worked ... for about a month . After that the dogs just ignored it , even after battery replacements ! Would not buy again .
 I have a handheld version of this which works well , but it also means one has to have it in hand to use it . Since I rarely had it near when the dog started to bark , I bought this one thinking it would be great since it will be on all the time . I have placed it in many different locations and although it appears to come on when the dog barks , it has absolutely no impact . I think key to these devices is the accompanying verbal command . If I use this device as a handheld and give a verbal command at the same time , it is much more effective . So bottom , line , do n't waste your money on this one . Try the cheaper handheld versions along with a verbal command and it is reasonably effective . More and more , the verbal command alone is working for me .
 My dog would stop barking to listen to it and then after an hour or so , he stopped being curious about it .
 Worker great the first time , then never again . If you have more than one dog barking they easily get distracted by one another and just bark over the device . Only noticeable to the dog if things are quiet and nobody is talking , and no other dogs are barking . Otherwise , waste of money
 this device is absolutely USELESS !! has absolutely NO affect on our dogs barking activities indoors . to be more accurate , the device actually appears to STIMULATE the dogs to bark even MORE when the system activates ! they VERY evidently ARE affected as they direct their attentions directly AT the machine when it activates so it 's not that they do n't notice the sounds , they are quite evidently angered by the noise and not at ALL intimidated or silenced . do NOT waste your money on bogus sales pitch claims made by these hucksters !
 Product does not work . It is suppose to activate whenever the dog barks . It did not . I would have to push the button on the top of the product . I 'd have to stop whatever I 'm doing and press the button everytime the dog has one of its many barking fits .
 The Bark Control does make my dog barking when it goes off , but he starts again . And if he gets really riled up , he does n't pay it any attention .
 Have a yappy Jack Russell Terrier and reaction to her bark was bewildered stop . I thought Hooray , until my daughter coughed and set it off again , Sent it back.Doesn ' t differentiate between sharp sounds ,
 I have several of these . Unfortunately , I purchased them all at one time , hoping to put them in various areas of the house . I have FIVE dogs . Does n't work with ANY of them . It did -- for a few hours -- but they seem to get used to the high pitched -LRB- we ca n't hear it -RRB- sound , and they ignore it . Do n't waste your money .
 This is a worthless device . I 'm taking care of my sisters little dog . I think it 's a yorkie . It 's a few years old with a major barking problem . Whenever she 's alone she barks constantly and that 's a problem when I 'm at work for twelve hours . This just does n't work at all I ca n't even tell if she notices it going off . I notice it , I can actually feel it in my ear and that stinks . Do n't buy this , save yourself some money .
 I bought one from Petco for $ 50 and I was so shocked and excited ... it worked on my miniture poodle , he stopped barking !!!! However , once the battery died and I had to change the battery , the item stopped by ultrasonic , and I could hear crackling . Well , I checked to see if it was still working on my dog , and of course it was n't ... so I found this one on Amazon for way cheaper , which was amazing !!! So , I bought it , however when I received it , it did the same thing my old one was doing -LRB- mind you the Petco one only lasted 2 months -RRB- , so I returned it and got another one , same thing , so I traded it in one last time , and what do you know the 3rd one was doing the same thing . This is too bad , because when it works it really works . However , finding one that works is the hard thing : -LRB- Oh yeah and it really sucks that it does n't have an off button , pulling the battery out everytime you want to turn it off so that it does n't accidentely go off when I sneeze when I 'm at home , sucks ! : -LRB- Please save your money ... sorry I really hoped it would work again , but nope ...
 These products do not work at all . Our dogs and the neighbor dogs hear it but it does not deter their barking.I would like to return these items but do not have the original packaging .
 For 27 bucks figured this was worth a try . Dogs were startled first time I used it , and now just ignore it . If this does work for you , be aware that it 's set off by any loud sound -LRB- kids yelling , etc. . -RRB-
 I bought this for my scottish terrier/yorkie mix who has a barking/whining problem over everything . It did absolutely nothing , at first he would just acknowledge the sound but did not stop him at all . After a day or so he completely ignored the sound totally . total waste of money .
 I was so excited to try this out with our 4 year old chihuahua . . he barks whenever he hears a car drive by basically , and even though we 're on a cul de sac , it happens enough that it gets to be annoying . I opened this item and plugged in the 9V battery . Within a few minutes of putting the battery in , my dog got startled and started looking all over the room , I looked at the device and the red light was illuminated , meaning that it was sounding off the ultrasonic waves . . the only problem is my dog was n't barking ! This device ca n't differentiate from the sound of my TV speakers and the only thing we got out of it was a scared dog who ran upstairs under the bed for an hour after this thing failed to perform as promised . Save your time and do n't bother with this purchase !
 PetSafe Indoor Bark Control . I do n't know if we have it set up right , but my dogs do n't seem to mind the ultra sonic sound it emits at all . They still bark just as long when someone comes in the house .
 When the dog barks it goes off . The first few times she looked over at it ... now she ignores it . It also goes off when she is snoring ... luckily she does n't seem to mind .
 We have a 14 mo. old soft coated wheaten terrier male that barks for attention . We thought we would give this a try , having read its effectiveness with some dogs/breeds . Unfortunately , no results whatsoever with our guy and his hearing is a-ok . Too bad ... great concept and simple to use.I phoned Petsmart and asked if the unit might be defective but the service agent said if the LED is triggering to the sound of the bark , it 's most likely working as designed . The LED flashed green every 5 seconds to indicate the unit is powered and flashed red whenever there was a bark . Based on this , the agent said the unit simply does n't work with all dogs and to return it to the retailer . So ... it 's on it 's way back to Amazon now .
 The indoor bark control does not seem to be working . I do n't know if I got a faulty one or what but I got no response to my first inquiry to the company . I would not advise this product.Amazon Verified PurchaseAnn Sale
 There are 2 problems with this unit . The first is that there is no on/off switch requiring you to remove the battery to turn it off . The 2nd problem is that it uses batteries very quickly even when the dogs are not barking - you will be lucky to get 72 hours on a battery . This is not a fluke , as I have 2 units & both do the same . I have discarded both of them .
 Bought this over a year ago . it worked for a week . Every time my dog would bark it set it off and he would instantly stop to turn around and face it . I think it was more curiosity than anything . After a week he could be standing right by it and not care that the device was being set off . I own a Miniature Pinscher .
 I wasnt very impressed with this item . It seemed to make a difference for about a day . The dogs stopped and looked around to see what it was . And overnite they did n't care that it was there . So I 'm back to square one ...
 When we first used in on our 1 yo yapping Bichon , he seemed to look around to see what it was . That lasted about a day . After that , no matter if we were pushing the manual button close to him , he did n't bat an eye . We have no idea if it was working . I would have returned it but - of course - we lost the receipt .
 My beagle -LRB- 13 mo. -RRB- cocks her head showing that she hears something with a slight pause in the barking process but does not deter her from barking at a later time . Does nothing for howling and will only go off for loud barks , not smaller barking or any form of whining -LRB- even if extremely loud -RRB- .
 Our dogs did n't even notice it . We have three small terriers and I thought this would be a suitable device for a few house slippers . I was wrong - the kept on barking ...
 I bought this product hoping it would solve my problem with my barking terrier . He did n't even notice it was there . I put it near his crate and it still did n't stop him from barking . I pushed the manual button and still nothing . It promises to stop annoying barking , but it did n't stop my dog for one minute . It was a complete waste of my money .
 We have two 10 year old toy poodles that think they have to guard the entire house . They bark at everything . Purchased this item with high hopes it would work on old habits . It has never phased either of them . They have never shown any sign they hear anything negative . Do not waste your money on this product .
 I also ordered the outside model of this bark control device . You can see my extensive review of that product I just composed.I put this model on my dresser facing the front windows of my bedroom which fronts the street in a mountain community in North Ga. . We have lots of wildlife for my 4 rescue dogs to bark at ... which they do until I am nearly nuts . Short of muzzles , I was at my wit 's end ... I read the instruction book and had spoken with PetSafe about this product 's operation etc. . I installed the battery and turned it on and waited for the first deer sighting and the subsequent barking tirade . After a couple of barks , the button signaled an ultrasonic sound had been sent and I waited for the dogs to react . They stopped barking and flew out of the bedroom like the house was on fire ... and would not return ... It took several days for them to return to the bedroom where their napping crates are located . I had to lead them in on leashes ... They literally trembled ... I had long since removed the control device and re packaged it for return to the online pet supply store I use often.A 6 mo old rescue puppy I am fostering was not impressed with the control . He continued to bark as if nothing was happening even tho I could see it was going off repeatedly ... Guess his hearing is not that well developed yet . He was totally oblivious to the control device and was pleased he had my bedroom all to himself for several days.I guess it 's back to the blackout window shades for the windows to keep the dogs from seeing what is out there ... The deer are smart enough to know the dogs are inside and ca n't hurt them , so they take their time grazing beside and across the street from our home ...
 I put this thing 4 feet from her and she still barked right through it . I then hit the manual button and no reaction whatsoever . I know she is not deaf but the barking is starting to make us deaf . The bright side is I got a complete refund . No harm no foul .
 This just has n't worked one little bit . My dog does n't even hear it when she is barking ! It clearly makes a sound that she can hear -LRB- when she is quiet and I press it to check its working -RRB- but she barks more loudly than the device apparently .
 I purchased this bark control because a friend of mine told me about it . I have a 7 year old Papillion who barks quite a bit when no one pays attention to her . It is most annoying . So , I bought this bark control thinking it would help out but unfortunately , for me , it just did n't work .
 We are not sure there is any direct effect on our dogs from this unit . The little red light lights up when we push the button , but there is no reaction from the dogs so we do not think there is any signal . New batteries do n't make any difference . We did not get the effect I hoped to have from this unit .
 We have two small , 1 year old dogs , and have been getting complaints from a neighbor . Desparate to get them to stop annoying other people , we purchased this indoor unit and one of the outdoor units . These devices got their attention , but had little or no affect on their barking . Now we 've hired an in home trainer , which has helped with their barking and several other issues . Skip the devices ; go for the training .
 This does n't work at all for my dogs . I do n't know if it 's not making any noise at all , or if they just ignore it completely . On the plus side , it did n't encourage barking more , I suppose ... COMPLETELY useless , though they were afraid of the red light when I manually pressed the button ... I threw mine in the garbage . .
 And I do n't mean it did n't fix my dog -LRB- this kind of thing only works on a % of dogs anyway -RRB- . It does not emit an ultrasonic sound , at least my unit does n't , unless I push the button on top . Even then , about half the time the light goes on and my dog looks up ; the rest of the time it does n't even pretend it is making noise . But it has not once worked in response to my dog 's barking . I 'd send it back if I had kept the packaging .
 I purchased this product in hopes that it would keep my 4lbs Chihuahua from barking and whining in his kennel when I 'm away . I placed the producted less than 3 inches from the kennel where my Chi usually sits . The product does n't even detect a bark ! I tried it out myself by barking and yelling at varying distances from the receiver and it does not detect anything until I have my mouth practically ON the receiver . Only then does it work . When he barks , it does n't detect it , regardless of how close he is to the product . And with that , there 's a test button to press to see if your dog reacts to the ultra sonic noise - my Chi being right next to it only perks his ears . Other than that , it has no effect . Do not waste your money on this product .
 I found that it did nothing to keep my dogs from barking . Even though I placed it in close proximity to where they bark , it did not work at all . My daughter however , complained that it botheres `` Her '' ears .
 I have 2 dogs - one of them -LRB- the one that does n't bark ! -RRB- was very afraid of it and stopped doing whatever she was doing when the device went off . The puppy thought it would be fun to bark at the device . The other problem is that the device did not sound when the puppy barked . It only went off when I press the button or when people are talking loudly . It is going back to the store and we are trying something different .
 This never worked once , but it did drain 4 batteries in the short time we tried to use it . Very disappointing . I would reccommend spending your money some place else .
 The Ultra sonic does not work . I have the unit less then 5 feet from where the dog barks and sometimes it does not go off and other times when it does go off the dog hears it , looks around and then starts barking again . Not worth it
 This bark control worked the first few days , then my dog just started ignoring it . Not sure how this product can be made better , may be it can bark back at the dog ? who knows ...
 Simply does not work , my 3 dogs do not even realize it is in room . Keep your money and time .
 Product is n't worth a crap . It did n't work at all for training or maintaining two different types of dogs . Wish I would 've kept my money
 Doesnt affect my dogs at all.Nor does the bird house one either a big waists of money . Please return my money .
 It works until the dog gets used to it , which takes a few days . Thereafter it 's ineffective . Ca n't recommend it .
 Do n't waste your money . It did n't do a thing to cut down on my dogs barking . It 's as if I do n't even have it in the room . I have a dog that barks at everything that walks by the house , and when someone comes on the porch , either to visit , or deliver something ... the barking is ridiculous . Also , when I have to watch my son 's two German Shepherds , it is worse . I am very disappointed in this product . If it does n't work ... do n't sell it . I guess I am going to have to go to shock collars .
 I have two older dogs that never seem to stop barking and this product was worthless maybe it would have worked if they were still puppies but I found it to have no affect on my dogs I also tried the clicker with no luck .
 My 9 month old shih tzu has a barking problem . A friend of mine told me about an ultrasonic bark control for indoors , and I was so looking forward to this helping my dog stop incessant barking . To no avail . I followed directions . My dog is n't phased by this product , so I can only assume it does n't work . The red light blinks like it is going off , although , I would n't know for sure because the product is not created for me to hear the alert that goes off . Unfortunately , this is a dud .
 I purchased this product after reading mixed reviews , Let me tell you that it should be illegal to sell this scam . I have 4 dogs of several breeds and this product never seems to affect them at all . Yes I keep fresh batteries in it but thats not the problem . This is the worst product I have ever purchased from Amazon .
 So far it has been my experience that this item does not work , It does not appear to have any effect on the dogs barking .
 I went to a friends house last night who owns a petsafe indoor bark controol system . i noticed it blinking at me and asked what is that , he proceded to show me from 10 ft away by pushing the button on the top . imediately i felt a burning in my ears and told him to stop . he got all excited and said you can hear that too ? he told me that he was the only one in the family that could hear it and that after a week of using it on his dog both he and the dog cant hear it anymore . he said the first time he used it he felt pain in his ears for a couple of hours . well my ears still hurt the next day , and i can hear a high pitched buzz in my ears . i did some research and found that this product produces sound at 105decibles more than enugh to make you deff in any pitch . and i believe that is what happend to my friend and his dog , and other dogs that become resistant to this product , IT MAKES YOU DEAF !! i would have rather had a shock colar on my neck
 did n't stop my dog from barking . Waste of money , a waste of time , and a waste of space . I guess its good for use as a paper weight .
 We have a yorkie who barks at people walking by the window . The first time this went off , he looked at it . That was it . Barking habits stayed the same .
 This item does not work ... plain and simple . I 'm almost embarrassed that I spent the $ 30 and the cost of a 9v battery for such a useless item . My dog just continually barked through the automatic and hand pressed features . I also find it interesting that the red light goes off when the battery is out , not when the item is activated -LRB- that would be helpful for humans who ca n't hear it to know that it is actually working -RRB- . If the product is marketed as something humans ca n't hear , then how would anyone really know if it was working or not ... if a tree falls in the woods but no one 's around ...
 This product did not diminish my dog 's barking . He 's a Jack Russell terrier , so maybe they are more stubborn?If possible , I think a person should either borrow one & try it out , or buy it at a place where it would be easy to return , in case your dog is like mine .
 I purchased this product to help control my dogs out of control barking . In the beginning , as long as I stood there and pressed the button did it slow down the barking , but not stop it . This product is suppose to turn on by itself when the dogs bark but I never found this to be true.A complete waste of money in my opinion . I will now always look at the the ratings before purchasing anything !
 We ordered this as a first step in trying to get our mini-dachshund to stop barking ALL the time . We set it on the table by our front door , but it has been ineffective . He does n't seem to notice , unless I pick it up by hand and activate close to him while he is barking . Even then , it does n't get him to stop . So for our purposes , it has done nothing . I lent to a friend so they can try on their pomeranian , and it too has not worked at halting the barking for them either . Waste of money .
 FIRST , DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE ! I have purchased 3 of these devices at once . I SURROUNDED the dogs -LRB- in their area -RRB- with these devices and they simply ignore them and continue barking . I have a feeling the the auto-detect feature works sporadically , at best . The manual button works , but it still does not stop the barking . The dogs will most likely notice the sound at first , ignore it , and continue barking . Also , you will spend a lot of money on batteries , as they seem to wear out quickly . ONE of these devices SHOULD work for barking dogs , and I bought THREE at once , and the barking continues . Please , save your money for something else -LRB- Ex
 I purchased 2 of these things thinking that they would solve my own dogs barking problem . I guess that both dogs are completely deaf because neither one even acts as if there is anything unusual going on . They seem to hear nothing . We have another brand of dog silencer that works much better . Problem is that people can hear it screech and the thing goes off at every loud sound such as a closing door , or door bell . It 's almost worse then the barking of the dogs . At any rate , save your money . Maybe if you just stuck your dollar bills in your ears , the problem would be solved . The dogs would continue to bark , but at least you would n't hear them and you would still have your money .
 We are trying to stop our dogs barking during the day , but they will not stop ! This device will turn on when they bark -LRB- the red light turns on -RRB- and they do not pay attention to it whatsoever . We are returning the item and trying to look for another solution .
 The unit arrived securely packaged with no obvious damage . We inserted a 9V battery as instructed . The manual button works . But the automatic function does not . So the dogs bark and nothing happens unless you are close enough to push the button . And I ca n't seem to find a Petsafe website to report the problem to .
 The product rates a zero . It says it works for all breeds of dogs but it doesnt . It doesnt pick up the barks from poms even when 3 of them are barking right next to it .
 I thought since my dog is locked up in a small area this devise should work , but I was wrong . I would never buy this product and would never recommend to anybody . First of all the battery does n't fit and I had to put a little peace of paper so it would n't fall out and would stay in place , which did n't really work well either . My dog does n't bark too much but still this product did n't help at all , do n't waste your time and money .
 Purchased this control to reduce barking from puppy . it stops barking a little but can not handle howling of any kind . i would not recommend it to anyone
 Did n't work with my dogs ... tried putting it in all different locations -LRB- on the floor , by the door , on a shelf -RRB- ... always facing the dogs and never went off . The first one I got I sent back because I thought it was malfunctioning , so I was sent a second one ... worked slightly better , but neither would go off when my dogs park . Needless to say , sent the second one back too and got a full refund . Loved ordering through amazon though , great exchange/return service !
 I was not pleased with this purchase at all . First of all , I ordered it and after one month I got an email saying it had n't even been confirmed by the seller . I had to write an email to him to get him to send it out , I was actually going to cancel the order because it was taking too long . I finally received it about a month and a half to 2 months after ordering it . I know it depends on the dog whether it will work or not and that it might not work for your dog . I have a 1 year old cocker spaniel and it does n't phase him at all . It did at first but he just keeps barking and does n't pay attention to it . I would not recommend this purchase .
 I 'm very unhappy with this supposed to be , '' Ultrasonic - Bark Controller '' . It does n't work . I would like to get my money refunded .
 Petsafe PBC-1000 Stationary Ultrasonic Bark ControllerPetsafe PBC-1000 Stationary Ultrasonic Bark ControllerThe unit does not go off when my dogs bark even if it is right in front of them . It does work well as a deterrent when I manually push the activation button.Maybe it does n't acknowledge small dogs.Not recommended .
 Sorry to report it did n't work for me . I read all the directions and set it up as directed . My little Dachsie appeared to look startled the first time he barked . You could tell he heard something but that was it . He never reacted again . I have moved it around to different locations but no luck so far .
 Sorry I wasted my money . Surely not worth the price to ship back . Did absolutely nothing to stop barking .
 This item does not work for our dogs . They seem to hear the noise forthem but does not bother them at all .
 Bought this at a risk since it seems it 's a hit or miss for a lot of people . When I first turned it on , my Chihuahua mix perked up and was wondering where the sound was coming from . However , this did not deter them from barking at all - actually caused them to bark even more . Back to Amazon !
 When our phone rang , it would set off the bark monitor every time . This defeated the training purpose of the device . Also ? It chewed through batteries super fast b/c it was always going off from the phone ringing , the train going by , etc. . Our dog became a nervous wreck , never knowing when that awful high-pitched sound was going to go off . Not worth it !
 this thing is a joke - does not work at all and if anything makes the dogs bark more !!! UGH !!! not worth a penny !
 My dog barks crazy only when I 'm alway from home . So I purchased this product hoping that this could help my dog stop barking . Unfortunately , this product did not help at all . It is easy to set up and working fine as I see the light blinking everytime my dog barks -RRB- , but he does n't seem to care and keeps barking . This product is not effective and helpful for my dog .
 This is the 2nd time I have tried this product -LRB- out of desperation -RRB- . The first time I tried it with my two pug-mixed dogs it worked the first day -LRB- with one -RRB- and then not again after . I thought maybe something was wrong with the unit , so I took it back . Got another unit and am trying again now . Same story . The first day one of my dogs seemed to bark a bit less , but after that , both dogs just ignore it . This morning they literally woke us up barking -- it 's like it 's not even there . Back to the store it goes . Again . I need to find something else . : -LRB-
 The light blinks , the dog keeps barking . When we first installed this , we were hoping for some painless bark relief . Instead , it just sits there and blinks while our precious puppy barks up a storm . She actually barks more than before , possibly barking at the ultrasonic noise ? It 's on to plan B for us , this item is going in the garage sale .
 May work for some dogs , but those dogs are the one 's that respond to a verbal `` shhhh '' . This is complete junk in my opinion . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought the PetSafe Ultrasonic Indoor Bark Control at PetSmart . It was totally worthless . I tried it for a month with no effect on the three dogs . I took it back and they refunded all my money , which is commendable . It may work on some dogs , but not on the ones at my house .
 When i first favorited this item , it had more than 4 stars . But when i finally decided to go ahead and buy it , since i dont like the idea of shock collars , the item was at 3 stars . I should have listened to some of the reviews . While this item is not expensive at all , it was a TOTAL waste of money . My mom has 4 small dogs , a shih tzu pure breed and THREE shih tzu/apsalapsa mixed breeds . They are all small , about the size of normal sized house cats . Well when i visit her on the weekends , all i hear are their barking from when they play with each other . They dont do it all day but when they do , its rampant and can go on for an hour , at random parts of the day . I bought this hoping it will shut them up . I was dead wrong . When i first got the device . I tested it . The dogs would be in their little gated playpen and i would sneak up near them while they were just looking around aimlessly and i would press the device 's manual button . Their reaction was just a surprised , wondered look . You know how dogs tilt their head at an angle if they see or hear a funny sound . Well thats all the bark control is good for , to make your dog make weird face angles.I thought maybe i should just wait til they actually bark , because thats what this is meant for . So i placed the device next to the couch , which is literally 6 feet from their little play pen . And before you know it , they still barked and the device didnt phase them AT ALL . Its like i took the battery out of the damn thing . All 4 of them just barking away at each other , or when someone rings the door bell . They just barked and barked like nothing is wrong.I told my mom this is seriouly bad and they need to be trained otherwise they 'll never stop barking . So we 're thinking about getting those shock collars afterall.Word of advice , DONT buy this unless you have probably ONE dog that occasionally barks , but you want him/her to stop barking when it is really not necessary .
 This thing does not work at all . A complete piece of junk . My 2 dogs never even noticed it when they bark .
 it does not work at all . I have 2 small maltease & it does n't work , I tried changing batteries but that did n't helpIf anyone reads this and has something that works please email kgould2000@aol.com
 I bought this to help stop the barking of two yappy Italian Greyhounds . It blinks nicely when they bark , but did not in anyway phase the dogs to stop barking . When I made the purchase , the review I read for the product where 50/50 on how well the bark control worked , so shame on me for buying.PetSafe Ultrasonic Indoor Bark Control , PBC-1000
 This product did not work on our miniature dachshunds . A `` sound '' bark collar worked better but could only be left on for short periods or our dog became `` cowed . '' Also , the product needs an on/off switch . Taking the battery out to turn it off is a pain .
 I believe nothing will stop a Rat Terrier from barking ... I really thought that this would work , My Boston Terrier has no need for it so I really ca n't say if it affects her or not.I 'll keep it on for a while longer and see .
 We bought this product hoping it would help us train our dogs not to bark so much or just not in certain areas of the house . It did not work at all . They never even noticed it was in the room . I would not recommend it . Huge waste of money !
 HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING TO LET THIS THING DO WHAT IT SAYS IT DOES ! DOES N'T WORK . WASTE OF MONEY . SHOULD HAVE SAVED MY DOLLARS .
 Product does n't work for my two dogs - Westie & Bichon-Poo . They looked at it oddly the first few barks ; reinforcement for good behavior provided ; etc. . Unfortunately , a short while later , the dogs were n't bothered by the device high pitch at all . Oh well . On to something else -LRB- any suggestions out there ?? -RRB- . Thanks .
 Tried this thing , the dog barked , the dog seemed to notice the ultrasonic sound that the thing was putting out , then the dog continued to bark . No effect on the dog 's barking AT ALL !!
 I have a two-year-old Beagle mix who likes to bark at the neighborhood dogs and cats outside the window . I received this unit , installed the battery , and waited . Eventually , my dog started barking and the unit responded -LRB- the LED turns red when the unit emits a tone -RRB- . My dog was not fazed at all , nor was my girlfriend 's Bichon who was also in the room . Perhaps this unit works on other breeds and sizes of dogs , but it did not work at all on my dog .
 We saw this product work at someone else 's home when our dogs were also there . The barking of four dogs was quickly controlled . However , after purchasing for our own home , it only actually worked on one of our chihuahua 's . Our other chihuahua would get angry at it and bark at the controller each time it emitted the sound . That put undue stress on our other chihuahua -LRB- the one that did n't bark -RRB- -- so we had to remove the batteries .
 I have two Havanaese and they bark every time someone comes to the door . My husband sleeps during the day and I work so thought this would help . I have it located 3 to 4 feet from the door they run to and it does nothing to stop or even quiet them down . Very disappointed with my petsafe ultrasonic indoor bark control .
 We bought this for our well-mannered , but noisy in the mornings , puppy . We saw immediate results . No more waking up to him barking in the mornings - now he stays quiet in his crate until we get up and let him out . -- Updated review
 I have a 85lb German Sheppard , 100lb Mastiff/St . Bernard , 40lb Beagle , 12lb Jack Russell , and a 6lb Mini Dachshund . When one barks , they all chime in . I bought two units and placed them at different places in the same room . The units seem minimally effective on their own . I know they work well if you hold the unit and press button while dogs are barking , but that could be b/c I am actually present and they are aware I want the barking stopped . The dogs seem not to care about the units if they are not attended too ; my smallest dog is not only unfazed by these units but her bark pitch does not set the unit off.Overall , I would not spend the money on these and might investigate other alternatives to the units .
 We have two small dogs who 's barking is annoying . We purchased the PatSafe hoping ... , but our hopes were n't answered . It seemed to work on one , but just for awhile . The other dog never did pay attention to the device . Would like to return it .
 We bought this product with great hopes of having a little freedom without fear of upsetting the neighbours . We have two dogs
 this did NOT work at all , and never stopped any barking.not in the least .
 Does not seem to make any difference at all ! The dogs just ignore it ! Would not buy it again !
 My dog was interested at first and would stop barking when she heard the noise . Fast forward to day 2 with this useless thing ... she still barks . It doesnt bother her any and she acts like it isnt even there.My advise - spend a dollar and buy a spray bottle . This seems to be the only thing that works for our barking problem . We have tried 2 different ultra sonic things and a spray collar .
 This worked on my dachshund about 3 times and then she decided the noise was n't quite annoying enough to stop her from barking . Another problem was that if I tossed my keys on the table it was sitting on or my children squealed while playing , it set it off too . So we had to be quiet around the thing . I continued to change the batteries in hope that it would eventually work on her and , in about a month , I had gone through 3 battery changes . If I had continued to use it , I would have been buying batteries out the wazoo . All in all , it was a good idea but did n't work at all for my dog .
 I am sure this product would work much better if fewer dogs were involved . I have 4 so it did n't have much impact on their barking . I sat it right by our front door on a table but , they did n't seem to notice or , at least not enough to stop barking .
 Needed a device to stop dog from barking because of complaints from neighbors -LRB- I live in apartment house -RRB- This device is useless . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this because a friend swears by the outdoor one made by same company . But it does n't seem to be helping with my small indoor dogs .
 I have a one-year-old Chihuahua/Poodle mix , and he absolutely HATES going in his crate . This seemed like the best route to go with as I was unsure about a collar . We have now used this for three weeks and he continues to bark . The battery drained ridiculously fast and had to replace it twice in this period -LRB- ensuring that when I would return home I would take the battery out -RRB- . I found this product to be a complete waist of money and time for that matter to try to have my pup not barking .
 Worked moderately well for a few days then the dog just started ignoring it . It 's no help at all now .
 We have two toy poodles , 9 years of age . Over the 50 years of poodle ownership these are the first two `` barking '' poodles we 've had . Our others have been very quiet and reserved . Since we 're not real keen on barking dogs we wanted to curtail some , if not most of the barking if we could . Retired we travel fulltime in a motorhome & the poodles are very comfortable but when they see or sense someone outside of the RV they begin barking . We ordered the PetSafe Indoor Ultrasonic Bark Control with great anticipation that it would help us change their barking behavior . We put it a safe distance away , but still close enough that it would activate and the poodles would hear the sound . When the barking light on the device would light up we 'd use a very firm verbal correction . This lasted about 2 barking events and the poodles were back to their old ways . We could n't even see their ears twitch to the sound anymore , let alone quit barking . Now both poodles totally ignore the ultra sound devise that cost us nearly $ 40 . We are so disguisted and would love to return it , but there 's no warranty attached . So buyer beware . We did n't find the item beneficial to helping us correct our pet 's barking ... Hope you have better luck .
 We have 2 dogs , a Golden Retriever and a Poodle-mix , who both think that they have to defend the house when someone walks by ; it irritates us , and the person going by . We will not use bark-collars , so I was happy to find the Ultrasonic Indoor Bark Contol , and ordered it as soon as I discovered it . We have had it about 6 weeks , and it has been totally ineffective . We tried different locations , and different angles , but it simply did not make any difference . The battery had to be replaced within this 6 week period , although they say that it should last longer . It 's not the end of the world , but we are very disappointed in this product , and would certainly not recommend it based upon our own experiences .
 It does n't really works by itself.The microphone does n't pick up the barking.I have a 5 month yorky and even hold the thing right in front of the dog and it did nothing.Now if you wan na use it manually then it does work.But it does n't work on its own .
 Our dog is a one-person animal , that is , she is loyal to and defends only one person in the family -LRB- my wife -RRB- . The dog barks at me when I come in the house or enter a room where my wife is . Pretty annoying at times.So I bought the Petsafe Stationary Ultrasonic Bark Controller , and placed it near the dog 's bed , where the dog can see the front door and bark at me when I come home . I left the gadget there for three weeks . Absolutely no effect on the barking.Just to be sure , I changed the battery . Still no effect whatsoever.A complete waste of money .
 My Little Yapper Ca n't Hear The Device Because She 's Yapping So Loud!A waste of money . My ShiPoo is 4 years old , maybe if she was trained at an earlier age it would work .
 i give it 2 stars only because it did n't really work for my dog . he keeps on barking anyway . as others have said before all you can do is try it and see if it will actually work for your dog .
 The first time the device went off , the dog cocked his head to the side and looked at me . Every subsequent time , he did n't seem to notice at all . Did n't have any effect on him at all .
 We used this device with our 15 year old chihuahua mix who had taken up a shrill bark that sounded like she was hooked up to a metronome . When our cleaning people came , she would bark continually while they worked AND for 45 minutes after they left . This gadget worked quite well . She flew up the stairs like a bat out of hell as soon as it went off ! However , after using it for about a month , she became so neurotic about it that she would n't even come downstairs to eat . We gave up . We missed our little princess.Our second dog , a peaceful and quiet Italian greyhound - Boston terrier mix , remained his calm , unruffled self throughout this ordeal . Armageddon would not disturb him as long as he is under his blankie !
 I wanted to try this with a dogs bark collar . Was hoping thing dog would associate the noise from this with the shock from his collar . Unfortunately this goes off for just about any loud noise . If someone claps , laughs loudly or is even talking loudly too close , it sets it off , confusing the dog .
 The blinking light drew my dogs attention . He barked at the light every time it flashed . Quickly grew tired of it and then I had no effect on him at all .
 did not help at all ! dog had no reaction to.it , and it would not.pick up his bark ! do n't buy , save your money !
 Our dog is not influenced by the devise . He continues to bark as much as ever . Would not recommend it .
 We bought this for our dachshund , did not deter barking at all . When the dog did bark , the cat would bear it and freak out .
 we had the bark control for over 3 weeks and not once did it control their barking . it would lite up when they barked . but , thats all it did . never once did it curb their barking .
 I tried this before I purchased the Petsafe DLDT-305 Deluxe Little-Dog Remote Trainer for Pets Under 40 Pounds . My Miniature Schnauzers barked right through it .
 This product does not work and is not worth the cost . It made my dogs bark more !!
 After turning this product on , it apparently emitted a high pitched whine or noise . -LRB- Who can tell , all you see is a light going on and off -RRB- . My dog sat and barked at it continuously , and I had to turn it off to get him to stop . Used it for a week with the same results , until I returned it .
 Completely useless for our 25 lb dog . He does n't even notice it or does n't care . Also , he starts with whining and howling , and can be quite loud at it . The unit does n't even activate for this kind of noice . if you have a howler , do n't even think that this will help keep him quiet .
 If I could , it would get NO stars . This this is a piece of junk . My little Pomeranian never set it off when he was barking incessantly when I walked out the door , but it went off when I was talking next to it . Go figure . DO N'T buy it unless you have a big dog with a really LOUD , LOW -LRB- Deep -RRB- bark .
 I bought this to stop my little dog 's yapping . The first time I used it , she was startled and stopped barking . But that was the only time I noticed anything . I tried it for a week and saw no change . It sure did n't work for me . I quit using it .
 I bought one of these about a year ago and I could actually hear it . I assumed something was wrong with it so I turned it off and tried again and when my dog barked it made a horrible noise . My dog stopped for a second but then continued to bark . So not only did it NOT stop his barking , it was painful for us .
 Bad from stock . Unit fails to operate . Miserable quality control . Wielded plastic . Ca n't open to repair . Avoid this and any similar product . Electronic products of this nature are mass produced junk with no quality control and not worth the expense/time to return .
 Do not buy this product it is a waste of money . This will be the biggest mistake you ever make . I would recommend you buy anything but this item . Spend the extra money
 My dog is n't a bark enthusiast ; however , he 'll once in awhile go nuts when someone passes by my house or when I leave him alone in his pen . So when I got this product I tried it out immediately & he stopped barking . He looked a bit confused and curious at the same time at the device . So it worked for a bit in the beginning . I noticed now , if my dog is in a very hyper mood this device wo n't stop him from barking . I can also hear the high pitch sound . It does n't hurt my ears unless I put it directly to my ear . So if you have a dog that looooves to bark constantly , this product is n't for you . I also have another dog at my parent 's house that is spoiled rotten and loves to bark at anyone & at anything . So when I used it on him , he got mad ... growled at me & then continued barking like crazy . As a result , this product wo n't work for my parent 's dog but it works on my dog ... sometimes .
 Would make a better blinking star for the top of a Xmas tree . Save your money . Look elsewhere . Have had mine too long to return . When battery dies , hopefully soon , will give to my black lab for a pull toy , or gnawing device .
 The gizmo I received does not work . The only way it activates is when I manually press the button . My dog 's barking does not activate the deterrent . I tried yelling into the unit and it does nothing . It seems as though it might have an effect if it would work when he barks because when I manually activate the unit , he is obviously distracted from barking ... but that is not the purpose of this machine . I ca n't run for the machine every time he starts barking . So I do not recommend this product to anyone . UPDATE
 INTROLooking for a non-punitive method of bark control , I opted for an undoor solution . Our dog is quiet throughout the day , but at night he will randomly bark . For the times I have observed him barking , it was directed to the neighbor 's dog -LRB- across the Golf Fairway about 110 yards -RRB- . For automatic control , from the ability of this unit to detect his barking , there is no effect . I do notice that it does get his attention when I manually push the button . So either there is a difference in sensitivity in the pitch of the dog 's bark or a decibel level that triggers this , I do not know . I theorize that this device will be effective based upon the dog 's temperament , the frequency of his/her barking -LRB- i.e. Rate -RRB- , a decibel level and the sensitivity of your particular dog 's hearing to the emitted sound.CONSTRUCTIONThe unit is a smooth half dome shaped device , akin to a small travel alarm clock . It uses a 9V battery . There is a small red indicator light to determine its activity , a small speaker and a button for manual use.PRACTICAL MATTERSGiven that I got some response with manual use , I can utilize this as a deterrent for negative behavior -LRB- only if he is in the negative act -RRB- . CONCLUSIONSince this is partially effective in stopping my dog with manual control , I gave it two stars . I do not like it and it has limited utility . This is a product that you would BUY then TRY , but more likely to return .
 As the title states `` I do n't work '' . Had NO effect whatsoever . Purchase and deliverywent fine -LRB- so did my money -RRB- . Would not recommend such a device , period !
 On time , what was in the description . Does n't stop my dogs from barking , maybe workds for some , not me
 This did n't deter our two yorkie-poos one bit . At first , they would twist their head in a curious way and wonder what the heck it was , but eventually they learned that it was `` nothing '' . We 've since bought the remote shock collar to control their behavior which has worked wonders .
 The trigger mechanism is completely unreliable . Occasionally the light comes on at the tiniest of noises , apparently indicating that it 's going off , but more often you can scream into the thing and nothing happens . Since it has no effect on my dogs either way , it hardly matters . When I push the manual control , the light comes on and my dogs tilt their heads , but it sure does n't stop ANY of them from barking . I called the company and they sent a replacement , which was no better than the first . Particularly if you need something to control barking while you 're not there , STAY AWAY !
 This product was so worthless . I bought it at Petco to try to cure my Pomeranian mix 's need to bark at everything in sight , his own reflection , and every little sound ! Well , go figure it turned out to be a wasted trip . I used the manual function ... no results . Tried the automatic function and again , nothing . I immediately returned it for a refund .
 This product is far too small for a living animal . Bettas are kept in small containers in pet stores because they can not be kept with other bettas -- that does not mean that 's how they are meant to be kept as pets . Please research proper living conditions before purchasing something like this . If you want to see how bettas act in properly-sized tanks -LRB- HEATED tanks -- they 're tropical fish ! -RRB- , check YouTube . You might be surprised .
 This item is too small and flimsy . At least it does n't bend like the plastic ones when trying to get clumps off the wall of the litter box , but your hand will touch litter at times during use .
 Yes , it has a long handle -LRB- perfect for reaching inside my omega paw litter box without opening the top -RRB- and yes , it 's metal , so it 's durable and you can bend the scoop part to suit your needs.BUT ... It is not big enough , or deep enough -LRB- even with mild bending of the sides -RRB- to `` hold '' the clump of litter while shaking , etc. to remove the clean litter . This means that you can only successfully use it to scoop right off the top of the litter -LRB- if you do n't mind loosing some clean litter too -RRB- . It scrapes the bottom of the box well , but again , is too shallow to scoop up -LRB- and out of the pile of litter -RRB- the clump that you scraped up.This scoop was cheap and might work better for someone else , but I think that my plastic scoops work better and were just as cheap ... Only real advantage is the long handle .
 Long story short ... The color from the test tube can not accurately be placed at any one point on the color chart that is provided . Using a computer to analyze the colors , the hue of my test tube is the same as the hue of the 20 mg/L color on the chart , but the saturation is the closest to the saturation of the 50 mg/L color on the chart , and the `` value '' is actually below the entire chart -LRB- it would correspond to 0.89 mg/L -RRB- . I do n't believe there is any way a human or computer can tell where , on the provided chart , the color of the test tube should fall . No matter how I tried to evaluate the colors -LRB- naked eye , computer-evaluated red/green/blue or hue/saturation/value -RRB- , I was not able to come up with a value for my nitrate level . To me this kit was a complete waste of money , although I did have fun trying -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- to find a way to use their inadequate chart to figure out the nitrate level.Long story long ... I test color vision every day and I have great color vision . I also got the opinion of other people and everyone agreed that the color of the test tube , before and after a 50 % water change -LRB- to make sure I was n't just off the chart -RRB- , could not be placed anywhere in the provided chart . I read and re-read the instructions and followed it as best I could , although holding the last -LRB- of 3 -RRB- bottles at a `` 45 degree angle '' causes drops to fall out at a very fast rate and sometimes it is hard to allow only three drops into the test tube -LRB- this is not a plastic squeeze bottle , but a glass bottle that you must tilt `` at 45 degrees '' to allow the solution to drip out after shaking for 30 seconds -RRB- . Personally , I think holding it at 30 or 20 degrees is much easier , but I 'm not sure if that changes the size of the drops or not , so I just do what the directions say and throw everything out if more than 3 drops get into the test tube.Before I did a water change , the vivid violet color of the test tube was much different than any of the desaturated colors on the card , which ranged from light pink to dark purple/maroon . I did a 50 % water change , thinking that maybe I was just off the chart , and the color of the test tube became more pale , but still did not match anything on the chart . I asked other people and they also had no idea where on the chart my test tube was . There is a limit on what the human eye can do in terms of color and I thought I would take human judgement out of the equation.I got the best lighting I could - difficult because this cylindrical test tube focuses light into a bright vertical beam behind it leaving dark areas near the edges and a much brighter color near the center of the tube when you hold it in front of the white area on the chart . Finally , I got it situated so the color was mostly uniform when looking through the test tube . I then took a digital photo of the test tube held against the white area on the color chart and analyzed it on my computer . There are many ways to represent colors . I used HSV -LRB- hue , saturation , value -RRB- because the colors on the chart appeared desaturated compared to my more vibrant test tube and I was hoping I could remove that from the equation -LRB- also RGB did not provide values that consistently increased or decreased going up or down the chart , where HSV did -RRB- . I used OpenOffice spreadsheet to create regression equations to correlate each parameter -LRB- hue , saturation and value -RRB- with nitrate concentration based on the colors provided on the chart . The absolute values of the coefficients of determination were 0.987 , 0.913 and 0.996 . For those who do n't know , if the coefficient of determination -LRB- R2 -RRB- is close to 1 , then your equation is very accurate and if it is close to 0 then it is not accurate at all . This means that , in the chart provided with this kit , the hue , saturation and value all change predictably when nitrate concentration changes and you can come up with mathematical formulas that you can plug the values from either H , S or V into and it will give you the nitrate concentration . So , if I record the hue reading from one of the colors on the chart and plug that into the hue formula , it will give me the nitrate concentration that is listed next to that color . This is also the case for saturation and `` value . '' No matter which of the three I use , I always get very close to the numbers listed on the chart . For example , if I analyze the color that is supposed to indicate 20 mg/L on the chart , plugging the hue into the hue equation gives me 18.3 mg/L , saturation gives me 17 and value gives me 20.7 -LRB- all pretty close to the correct nitrate concentration of 20 -RRB- . Now , if the colors on this chart actually correlated with the possible colors in the test tube , you should also be able to take the hue , saturation or value from the color of the test tube and with the same formulas , come up with the nitrate concentration in the test tube . All three values should give you roughly the same nitrate concentration . So I analyzed the color from my test tube . Using the `` value '' of my test tube , my nitrates would be 0.89 mg/L . If I use the Hue , my nitrates are estimated at 21.2 mg/L -LRB- much higher -RRB- and if I use `` saturation , '' my nitrates are 45 mg/L -LRB- more than twice what I got from `` Hue '' and 50 times as high as what I got from `` value '' -RRB- . So , using the formulas I derived from the provided chart , the color of my test tube indicates that my nitrates are 1 , 20 and 45 depending on what component of the color I use . These numbers are completely different from one another and show that the color of my test tube really was n't anywhere in the spectrum of colors provided on the chart.No wonder I could n't look at the color and see where it fit on the chart . The hue of my test tube was the same as the hue on the chart that indicates 20 mg/L , the saturation of my test tube was closest to the saturation on the chart that indicates 50 mg/L and the value of my test tube was actually off the chart low -LRB- lower than the value of the 5 mg/L color on the chart -RRB- . I 'm not sure if I just got a bad test kit or if this will be the same for all the kits , but I think I have shown that there is no way to use the color of the test tube and the colors on the provided chart to come up with a nitrate level . I recommend looking for another nitrate test kit .
 HAD FIVE KOI WITH MINOR FISH ULCERS . QUARANTINED FISH AND TREATED WITH THIS PRODUCT . PRODUCT WAS COMPLETE FAILURE AND LOST FIVE VERY EXPENSIVE MATURE KOI
 Got the hedgehog today . It was a junior size for my male shi poo . Within hours the nose was broken and stuffing was coming out . This thing was supposed to be practically indestructible . Very , very disappointed .
 It says it 's a large toy , but it is very small . They should have better dimensions on the page . Good quality just too small
 This hedgehog is very cute and my dog loved it at first sight . Unfortunately , she had a seam open not many bites later , strewing stuffing around the room and pulling out the plastic noisemaker to crunch on -LRB- until I got it away from her -RRB- . She had a supermarket hedgehog that lasted months ; it looked just like this one , so I had high hopes . But I can not recommend the toy if you have a dog who is a strong chewer .
 30 Minutes is all it took for my dog to rip this thing open . It 's a cute toy that makes multiple noises and you can tell that was particularly incensing to the dog and made him love to chew on it even more . But seriously , 30 minutes is all it took before I had to throw the thing out . I have an English Bulldog and he has very strong jaws , so if you have an animal that loves to chew and is strong do n't buy this toy . It will not stand up to it . May be fine for a Chihuahua .
 We buy Kyjen toys almost exclusively because they last longer and are much better made than most other dog toys . We have a small dog and although he does like to chew on his toys , he is not a crazy chew machine , and Kyjen toys normally last at least three months before he is able to destuff them . We purchased Homer to replace another Kyjen hedgehog that we had purchased at PetCo -LRB- the previous one was two shades of gray , and not as brown as Homer , and also had no grunter -RRB- . The other hedgehog lasted a super long time . Our dog ripped Homer open at a weak seam within 10 minutes , and pulled out the grunter and the rattle . We stitched him back together , and expect him to last a little longer , but we were VERY disappointed in the quality of this particular Kyjen product.Maybe we just got a lemon , but we will be much more likely to purchase Kyjen toys in the store instead of on Amazon so that we can check the seams first .
 The description of this toy was a bit misleading ; it 's listed as a large toy , but it 's actually quite small . My 56-lb Great Pyrenees mix had it completely ripped apart in less than one hour . I would definitely not recommend this for dogs that are heavy chewers -LRB- or for any larger size dog -RRB- . Cute toy , though !
 my dog has already broke the squeaker the first day she had it . I dont think i will buy it again .
 My husband opened and gave to dog before I saw it when I did was very disappointed item was not a large I have ordered over 6 of these and this was a medium too bad I could not send it back
 Our dog had the nose , 2 feet , and some of the stuffing chewed off in about 3 minutes from the time I removed the tags
 I gave this to my boxer mix puppy upon receipt approx . 2 hours ago . It is fine that she tore it up right away . After a 15.5 year old Norwegian Elkhound , a 13 year old Lab/shepherd/boxer mix , and now her , plush toys are not expected to last . -LRB- Mr. Bill did last several days , as noted in another review -RRB- . This item , however , had more than the stuffing and little plastic squeaky thing . There is a huge according like pipe and other plastics . One half of a piece looked like a lens cover to a camera . I suspect the other half of that is what my puppy just choked on for almost a minute , and subsequently swallowed . I was sitting here throwing out the stuffing and pieces , but that she scarfed up before I got to it . Not long , because I toss the pieces immediately . Do not chance it with your dog or puppy . Now , I have to watch and make sure it passes without a problem . I have never had this happen . I am more than disappointed . I am scared for my puppy . Do not buy this product ! It is not safe for dogs !
 If you are serious about your livestock and reef-keeping , this test kit is not good . It has a nice plastic case , and all looked great when I opened it up . I was excited to use it but colors are WAY off and near impossible to read for anything over 0ppm of the color chart comparisons on several of the tests -LRB- including NH3 & NO3 -RRB- . NH3 is almost worthless even for 0ppm . NO3 will help you know you have 0 or slightly more , but anything over that - good luck in determining what your value actually is . Phosphates color chart is okay , but is low resolution -LRB- lowest comparison above 0ppm is .225 which is already in your danger zone -RRB- . Some of the test results are not consistent -LRB- like CA I can test and get 500 , turn around and a second test will give me 580 . An old API I have more consistently will read like 480 -RRB- . I do not advise hagen kits to anyone and will not ever waste my money on them again . I may keep the case to store future kits from different makers though ... but this was basically a $ 50 cheap plastic case .
 When I am driving my dogs settle , but as soon as I stop or get out of the car they move about , so the purpose of this product , for me , was to contain the dogs while I 'm not in the car . Unfortunately it took less than one minute for them to figure out that if they pulled the screen the elasticized top would move and allow them to jump into the front seat -LRB- and eat my lunch ! -RRB- . Perhaps this product would work for those whose animal -LRB- s -RRB- require only a visual barrier to deter or restrict their movement , but it was not at all effective for confining my two adventurers .
 I have a Toyota 4Runner and the attachements that come with this net do not allow it to attach to the car . I have to hold it out of the car door and then close the car door on it for it to work . It will not attach to the roof rack or the door in any way . When you then open the door , if you do n't remember to hold the contraption that you have strung outside of the door , it snaps into the car - beware all small kids in that seat !
 I have a small car - the item I got in the mail says `` New larger version '' this is for an SUV or truck - it does n't hook to the inside of the car it actually hooks to the luggage tracks outside on the roof of the car . I could n't get it to fit in my car and my dog got stuck in it and looked like a fish caught in a net . NOT GOOD !!! He could have been hurt or gotten hung up in it , the mesh is very large !!!
 Completely useless unless you have a very small dog . All the dog has to do is push on the net with his paws and he 's able to climb right over . Waste of money .
 We bought this net for the back of a Honda Fit , to keep our two spaniels contained in the cargo area . Our Jeep has a metal tube-style dog barrier that has vertical posts that go from floor to ceiling , and movable crossbars . We hoped the net would not take up as much room , since the cargo area in the Fit is small . It was easy to attach the net to the car , but the elastic cords used to suspend it were too stretchy , even when they were tightly strung . Our dogs could paw the net down enough to clamber over . We were afraid the dogs would get their feet or heads caught in the net . We ended up modifying a metal-tube style blockade instead .
 I intended to use this product for my cat on our 7 hour road trip , so he could have the whole back seat to himself without distracting me up front . It worked for about 3 hours , and then he figured out how to get around it ... I ca n't imagine how this would ever work for a dog . The net is very easy to pull down , even when tightened.As you can see on the picture provided , there are gaps on the sides of , and above the seats that the cat can sneak through.Aside from that , the clips that came with it are pretty much impossible to use - i had to use safety pins . Not a big deal , but annoying.Anyway - it was a good idea , and inexpensive , it just did n't work .
 Ethical - Spot Backseat Rider Net Car Mesh Barrier for PetsThought this item might help keep my rowdy dogs from trying to climb into the front seat of the truck with me , but I was wrong . I 've stopped using it because the dogs kept getting stuck in the mesh , and the mesh will not stay taught between the seats , even when pulled tightly . Maybe I can use it to tie down cargo in the truck bed instead ...
 I 'm not sure how well this product works because I ca n't install it . The thing keeps getting tangled up in itself for one thing . One of the hook clips has a piece of plastic melding it to itself , which looks like a manufacturer defect , and results in me not being able to attach the clip to anything . I ca n't figure out how to hook it up at the bottom , and the tighteners on the top and side in the picture are both right next to each other on the side on my net - huh ? It also came with two plastic pieces that are mentioned nowhere in the instructions on the back of the box . I can usually figure things out , but after attempting to install this thing for an hour , I give up . I wish the instructions were clearer .
 I bought the rider net because it is very hard for my cats to remain in their crate on my 7 hour drive back home for school . Most other backseat car products are made for large dogs , so when I saw that this did n't have large holes in it and it went from floor to ceiling I was very hopeful . The product was very easy to install in my Honda Accord and for the first hour the cats remained in the back seat with no problem . After an hour though both of them figured out how to climb over and around the net , completely defeating its purpose . The next rest stop I ended up just taking the net down . The product is well made and easy to install , but unless you have calm and non curious animals it probably wo n't work for your needs .
 The product was advertized as for mini vans . There is no way to securely attach in my van . My dog jumps right over it . I tried to cancel the order when I was placing it , and it did n't give me the option . I now have a product I did n't want and that does n't work .
 This was a little smaller than I anticipated and my larger dog destroyed it within minutes . It was n't as well made as some other toys .
 I bought this just because it was cheap with free shipping . I did not expect it to last very long with my 70lbs puppy . Usually his stuffed toys will last a few days until he performs a lobotomy on it and removes the brains and squeaker . This toy , however , lasted less than 5 minutes . I 'm not sure why this one got destroyed so much fast . I 'd give it 1-star if the price werent so amazing , but considering I spent 4 $ on this thing , I 'm not too bothered by it . But , I would not recommend for strong chewers or for larger dogs . I 'm going to be sticking to kong products from now on .
 Lasted about an hour until all the fur came off the thing just from the dogs tossing it around.I think I only paid a couple bucks for it , but the cleanup was n't worth the bargain.It was in the trash after day 1 .
 My Pocket Shih Tzu loved playing with this toy , but the squeaker died after -LRB- literally -RRB- one day of playing . I would not order this again .
 We gave this to our 7 month old terrier mix puppy for christmas . Within 5 minutes , she had chewed a hole in its head and broken the squeaker . Within 20 minutes , she was pulling stuffing out of it and we had to take it away from her . This is a poor choice for dogs who are strong chewers .
 Very cute toy but not very high quality . My nine pound dog tore the top of this toy off of the bottom in literally five minutes . It looked like it was sewn together with a string instead of thread with such large stitches there was no way it was going to hold up to dogs chewing on it .
 My 10lb malti-poo chewed threw this toy in 3 days . Not a well made plush toy.I would not recommend . Other Kyjen products alot better quality .
 This toy instantly became one of my Bichon 's favorites . He 's about 9 weeks old . He has n't been able to tear apart any of his other toys so I was surprised when he managed to tear this one apart in less than 48 hours . I will be buying another octopus dog toy but hopefully a more durable brand .
 I bought this for my 3 month old puppy , who is 6 pounds . It lasted a week before the poor little guy started falling appart , exposing the threads and stuffing . NOT SAFE TO BE PLAYED WITH UNSUPPERVISED . Your puppy / dog will choke on the stuffing & can even get to & eat the squeaker ! she absolutely adored this toy but it fell apart way too quickly & no , she was n't tearing it up . was heartbroken after I had to take it away .
 Okay , the good news is my two dogs absolutely loved this toy . The bad news is that it was destroyed within 48 hours of opening by two 12 - lb dogs . ANd I mean absolutely destroyed to the point where it was only random shredded fleece , stuffing and squeaker left .
 My dog ripped this toy apart within minutes . She pulled the stuffing out and pulled off the legs , and promptly pulled out the squeaker . She 's not a big dog either . This toy lasted about 10 minutes , at the most .
 Very cute toy at what I thought was a reasonable price . Unfortunately it did n't last very long with my dogs .
 my Lab managed to get ahold of it and chew through it pretty quick . Make sure you put it on tight
 We had been giving our dog Pancreved powder which was much more costly than the Dr. Goodpet enzymes . Many of the reviews stated that Dr. Goodpet worked even better than the prescription strength enzymes so we thought we 'd give it a try . Within 2 days of giving Dr. Goodpet to our dog he had relapsed into having 6-7 bowel movements a day and they were very loose and watery . We immediately went back to giving him the Pancreaved and things got straightened out so he was only have 2 solid bowels movements each day . I do not recommend changing from the prescription strength enzymes to the Dr. Goodpet if you are having success with the prescription medication . The money saved is not worth the negative effects the change may have on your pets health and well being .
 I 've been using this sand for quite awhile for my hamsters , and my most recent box has an awful texture to it ! It 's like dirt now , and it has an almost damp feeling to it . It 's very unpleasant , and my hamster seems to agree . With the dampness I 'm feeling , I 'd imagine it would actually be unsafe for chinchillas.After a little digging , it seems like this is n't just a bad box . Super Pet has actually changed the sand . But why ? Why change something that was perfect ? They have the only Chinchilla Sand that is sold in most US stores , and they ruined it . Super Pet ruined one of the few decent products they actually produce . I guess they just want to continue their reputation for being a pet company that makes mostly bad , low quality and unsafe pet products .
 This is the second time we bought this product . The first order was dustfree sand , this box contained very fine powder . Same packaging and it says dust free sand but it is not .
 I rescued a chin who that came with this sand that was used for his dust baths . . The person who owned him did n't know any better , but this made his fur so coarse and horrible to touch ! The chin looked a mess and I threw this out immediately !! Almost a month later , his fur is still recovering from the sand . Do not buy SAND for your chins to bathe in . Also , make sure the dust you buy is unscented as well - chins have been known to get respiratory problems from that . The best dust to buy is Blue Cloud or Blue Sparkle , almost all knowlegeable breeders will tell you this .
 Chinchillas should be provided with bathing ` dust ' , not ` sand ' . The best is Blue cloud or Blue sparkle . Kaytee chinchilla dust is better to use than this .
 I ordered these for my super pet critter trail cage and they do not fit ! there is absolutely no way they will fit in with the cage . I spent like $ 13 and i wasted my money ! I am very upset with this because i was so excited for my little dwarf hamster to have fun . But now she can not . BE CAREFUL when you order you may get the wrong tubes !! UPDATE
 I ordered for ferrets and it was entirely to small for ferrets or al least my ferrets and one of them only wieghts a pound .
 I thought there might be more tubes but the description did not say how many tubes ... You get exactly what is pictured .
 most of the critter trail stuff i had shipped to me , including all tubes , were broken . they were easy to repair , but some are permanently stuck shut now and others fall apart easily . and they 're pretty hard to clean .
 I spent 15 minutes with my kids trying to figure out how to complete a circle with only three elbows . It ca n't be done ... So you have to buy a second set . What a shame
 I bought these and a new cage for my adult teddy bear -LRB- syrian -RRB- hamster to give him more room . He is normal sized for a syrian , and determined to squeeze his way through anything . He got halfway through the tubing and became stuck . He was panicked because he could n't move at all and was squeaking angrily . I had to pull him out by his bum because I could not unhook the tubing easily enough to pull the tube apart . This product is not appropriate for hamsters other than the very small ones . The product claims it is for hamsters in general and other small animals but in fact it is only good for mice sized animals . Thankfully Amazon allowed for a return and refund . I 'm very disappointed with this product .
 The Fluval part ordered works perfectly ! I received it in only a few days . If I need any additional parts for my Fluval I will most definately purchase from this vendor . The price was great !
 Not thing is stuck inside of the line but water does not run.My friend gave me a different one that works so good and I amreally happy with it . I will never buy gravel cleaner fromFLUVAL .
 Bought size large . My cat weights 10 pounds . I was very disappointed at how small it is . Can not believe it is a size large !!!
 Saw a cat sack that had both back and front zipperPockets . This product is good if your cat is notDeclawed . I bought this product because myCat is very hard to handle and thought it wouldMake trimming her back paws easier , but guessWhat ? No frigging back pocket zippers !
 We ordered this because we had to give our older cat IVs and she did n't like sitting still . However , I tried putting our younger , laid back cat in it as practice . It 's a pain in the behind ! It was much easier for us to hold our cat and do the IVs -LRB- and hold both cats for nail trimming -RRB- than to squeeze them into this burrito-type wrap . But , my biggest complaint is that it 's made of really rough material . I know that the cats have fur , but I feel bad putting something so rough against them . It should really be made of a softer material . I may have liked it more if that were the case .
 I purchased this product because I have a cat that does not like to have his nails trimmed . I received my Cat Sack today . There is suppose to be a zipper on the underside of the sack to access the hind legs . `` This nylon sack features a quick-close collar , two-way main zipper for front or rear access , an additional underside zipper for easier rear leg access , and zippered front paw openings . '' It 's very disappointing that they would mislead the prospective buyer about an important feature that plays a pivotal role in deciding if this product will meet their needs .
 I 'm sure this product works wonderfully if you can manage to coax your fractious cat into the sack . Mine would have nothing to do with it . When I managed to get her in the open sack she 'd leap out before I could close it .
 I bought this bag to restrain my cat for Sub-Q treatment purpose . I got the bag on time from one of the Amazon sellers at the right size ; but the bag did n't work out as the other reviewers ' words at all . It 's extremely hard to get the cat inside the bag , and after get in , he still can roll inside the bag and pull back his legs , so the treatment can not be performed at all !!!!!! This bag is worthless !!!!! Plus , the material is not comfortable for cats at all , too hard ! We do n't like it for sure .
 I bought this several months ago with the hope that it would allow me to administer fluids to my cat-newly diagnosed with CRF-chronic renal failure . This was a TOTAL waste of money-according to my neighbor who is a vet tech , it is harder to attempt to get a cat into this sack than to administer fluids ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS
 When the cat sack made my elderly cat more agitated , I figured I would just return it . Enclosed with the product was a postcard with a satisfaction guarantee -LRB- see image above -RRB- . I called the manufacturer -LRB- Four Flags Over Aspen -RRB- for a refund , and was so disappointed . The customer service rep tried to give me the run around by telling me to return the opened item to Absolutelypets . Shame on them . I can not recommended this product or company to anyone based on my experience .
 The company was not very helpful when I contacted them about receiving a Cat Sack with no underside zipper , as was stated in the description . A Cat Sack with an underside zipper does exist , but apparently , this company does n't sell it . They blamed the description on Amazon . I do n't see how Amazon would 've published a description that was wrong without it somehow being the company 's fault . Now I have to pay for the shipping to return this item . I am out at least $ 10 for the company 's error . I will never order from them again .
 Its an okay item , litter breaks down to sand , does n't clump well , and will not attach to every expandable cage so do n't assume it will or try to force it because i did , and my hamster escaped last night from it . but it does have a nice secure lid . over all find something better .
 My two gerbils were very young when I got this -LRB- you know how the say you ca n't teach and old dog new tricks -RRB- , and it still did n't work . My gerbils just piled litter in there to the brim at first . Now I put some in there already and they use it as a lookout bedroom kind of thing which is OK ; it does n't work as far as training them to go potty in there but it 's cool to see them sleeping in there or whatever . Maybe other people will have better luck with it than I did .
 Not happy with the construction . The very first time I disconnected each one to clean them the round connector cracked along the bottom . Lots of glue later they work and are easy to clean out with the flip top .
 Great if you have just one hamster and have the time to get them trained . With two hamsters , pretty useless as they mark their space so they wo n't use it .
 This product is very difficult to use especially with an alive cat . There are too many ways for the cat to resist being put into this device and it made my cat very , very angry . Definitely did n't live up to the expectations I had when reading the description of the product .
 Looked like a good deal . When I received the filter in its box I thought the item was missing . What I thought was packing material was the filters - 2-6x6 black sheets of foam . The Ad pic shows 3 -LRB- 2 black and 1 white -RRB- and says pack of 2 . Do n't think this is worth it , consider another product and company . Major rip-off .
 I was very disappointed in the product I recieved when I ordered this item it showed it as being large when I recieved the items they were super small . I went a head and tryed to use them anyway when my birds tried to get on the support it flipped over and they could n't stand on the perch . I would not recommend this item to my friends who also have small birds . it was a waste of money.Henry Parker .
 My cat typically loves laser pointers and will chase them for as long as I 'm willing to play . However , with the Bada Beam , all he can do is sit there and look at it . The Bada Beam 's light spins in circles on the floor so fast that I find it hard to believe that any cat could actually keep up with it.Multipet had a good idea , but failed on the execution .
 I agree . A GOOD idea poorly thought out . YOu would have to mount it on a pole or hang it from the celing to get the desired effect . Rex is laser CRAZY and he is not into this toy.I hope they are working on a new design , maybe the mirror should rotate ? PS . We played with it some more and found if I set it on top of the very high chest it works ok and Rex will be interested SO am bumping it up a star .
 I have to agree 100 % with the first review . I just got this , and my cats are more interested in the box it came in than the laser beam this thing spits out . -LRB- I guess they 're like children in that way ! -RRB- The beam has only two settings - one that is emitted directly about 1 foot ahead of the device on the floor , the other about horizontal from it so that it will appear low on your walls or furniture . Basically , it 's just like a revolving police light on a squad car ; it simply spins a dot around in a monotonous circle over and over . My cats just looked at it in puzzlement instead of chasing it like I 'd hoped . Then they looked at me like , ` Woman , why did you buy this crazy thing ? ' To get them to take an interest in it , I have to actually pick up the device and shake it around to make a random enough pattern for them to chase . And even then , they 'd rather lie around . There 's $ 19.99 I 'll never see again ... !
 I bought this for my cat a few months ago , because he just loves playing with a laser pointer . The whole concept of this toy was great but they should 've expanded their ideas a bit more . For the size of the toy you would think that it would point further out than it does . I 'm not sure about others but most cats I know like to run back and forth a room chasing the laser , maybe even jump up the wall . As opposed to with the Bada Beam that just goes in a circle , reversing its direction every once in awhile . My cat never avoids the laser pointer , when he sees that red light he jumps right up ! But with the Bada Beam , he will just sit and stare at it . The whole point is so that you do n't have to hold it and let the cats go crazy ! NOPE ! It 's one thing for me to be disappointed , but it 's clear that my cat was more disappointed .
 A great idea , but falls short for the cat . It needs to do more , maybe if it turned around in circles -LRB- the whole thing -RRB- ocationaly , and had a speed control . Unless I am holding it and moving it myself , my cat simply stares at the beam or sniffs at the toy .
 My cats were not interested in this since the beam is too quick and low . You really ca n't adjust it and it 's just a waste of money .
 My cat loves to chase lasers around , it 's actually the only toy she 'll play with . I have a hand held one that she loves to chase around , if I even move it she 'll come running from wherever she is in the house.This one sucks , all it does is rotate around in a continuous oval pattern , at a speed that makes it look almost like a solid line instead of a pointer . It moves too fast for the cat to stay interested in , and it does the exact same pattern over and over again , stopping once in awhile . If you put it up higher , then you can get a larger pattern , but it still goes around too fast for the cat to stay interested in . This toy was a waste of money . The only time my cat wants to play with it , is when it stops at certain points , then she 'll run to that spot , but then it is gone before she can get interested , just when it catches her interest it starts spinning too fast for her to see a pointer , and it is back to almost a solid line again . I would look at the Frolicat bowling pin shaped one , from what I see in the video it seems to move slower and more randomly . It is a little more expensive , but when you consider your cat wo n't play with this one , then it is cheaper . I am going to try to return this one to Petco , and get the Frolicat one .
 The Ba-Da-Beam arrived DOA . I cut it out of the packaging , inserted the included batteries and adjusted the mirror . The light came on , but absolutely nothing else happened . I read the directions on the package , which were vague at best . They implied that the light would come on when the mirror was adjusted to one of two positions . I moved the mirror around , but the only thing that happened was that the light went out . I returned the Ba-Da-Beam and decided to buy the Frolicat BOLT auto laser toy instead .
 My little dog LOVES to chase a lazer ! I thought this would be a way for her to get the fun and exercise she wants without wearing out our wrists ! Not so . # 1 , it projects onto the walls , not the floor . Even setting it at an angle on a shelf , it really does n't work for the floor . It is also very difficult to get it to stay angled on a shelf due to the rounded bottom/side . # 2 it moves VERY fast . Really , too fast for my dog to follow . # 3 it is pretty cheap plastic and after just a few uses , it quit working.I do n't know if a cat would play with it , but skip it for your dog .
 I wish I would have read these reviews before plunking down the money for this . It 's light goes around too fast for my cat and kitten to even try to keep up with . I tried to place it at several levels and it did n't work so well . My biggest concern is that the laser light can sometimes shine across my cats ' faces . It would seem unsafe to have the light shine in their eyes.I will be returning it asap .
 100 % in agreement with Brian 's assesment . The idea is great , execution sucks . My cats just look at it with puzzlement in their eyes.Here 's hoping version 2.0 will be better : -RRB-
 I was excited to buy this item for both my dog and cat because they both loved when we would bring out the laser pointer . The laser moved way too quick for my dog . My cat could keep up a little better but because of the quick motion she lost interest in it very quickly . She would only play with it for about a minute but the normal laser pointer she would never get tired of.The thought behind this product is amazing but I just didn &#8217; t like how fast the laser moved nor the settings for the mirror .
 I bought this toy for two of my cats that love to play with lasers . I thought by buying this toy it would provide them with entertainment when I am not home . The laser moves too quickly which results in my cats losing interest in the toy . The toy does have two settings but it means you can have the laser appear on the floor or wall . Overall it is poorly designed toy and not worth your money .
 My kittens love lasers so I was anticipating this toy . It 's too fast . My kittens get fustrated and walk away . I wish there were different speeds . I will return it .
 I had actually bought this product at a local pet store in the city I live in for my two cats . I got it out of the package and put in some batteries , and it started out at the laser pointer moving very slowly made one inch per 3 mins . On the packaging it does say it will start out slow , I was thinking for like a minute of less , I understand some products need warming up . Well after like 30 mins of it moving slow it finally started going fast , and my male cat was chasing it , but it was going in circles , and after 30 sec of playing and chasing and going in circles he did n't want to do it anymore cuz he was getting dizzy . My female wanted nothing to do with it , but she is a lazy cat anyway . My male loves laser lights and will play with one all day but not when it takes 30 mins for it to got fast and it going in circles the whole time . It would be a good product if it jumped around and did zig zags and went in other directions , but just going in circles the whole not a good idea .
 I bought this at a local pet store for my cat . She loves laser pointers and I thought that this would keep her entertained when I 'm busy . The instructions were pretty lacking on how to exactly get the device working . It turns out that the toy was broken from the start . The toy seemed cheap so this was n't a huge surprise . A decent idea for a cat toy , but the build quality is atrocious .
 I was so excited to get this toy for my cats . I thought by looking at the design that it would rotate around in circles with the laser light . It does n't ... all it does is shoot a laser out in one 3 ' x 3 ' section.This was not designed for cats in mind . The laser although is interesting to the cats it moves too quickly . It moves in fast circles in one spot and then stops for two seconds or less . It does n't give the cats time to try and chase the laser . I WOULD SUGGEST BUYING A LASER LIGHT OR A FISHING POLE CAT TOY INSTEAD !!
 I purchased this thing about a year ago . Our cat loves chasing laser pointers around , so I figured this would be perfect . The problem is that it spins way too fast . So quick , that it does n't even grab the attention of the cat.So fast forward to today - I 'm going through our box of cat toys and find this thing at the bottom . I figure that I 'll take a look at the inside of it and see if I can get it to slow down , otherwise it 's going in the garbage . I pop the 3 black foam stoppers off the bottom , unscrew the base , and take a look inside . Now , I have very rudimentary knowledge of electronics , and my soldering skill is quite crude to say the least , but I solder a spare resistor I had lying around in between the motor and the red wire leading to the circuit board.Low and behold , this thing slows right down , and all of a sudden my cat has a piqued interest in it . She actually uses it ! No idea why they never made it run at this speed before , but I would suggest this solution for anyone out there who is comfortable with a soldering iron .
 Like almost everyone has said in the reviews , their animals might play with the beam for a minute or two then never play with it again . I have five laser-crazy animals . The cats were more interested in the device -LRB- it makes a small whirring noise -RRB- and none chased the laser . One of the two dogs appeared interested , but quickly became confused and just stood in the middle of the circle looking at me quizzically . Maybe a really simple-minded pet will like this , but mine are n't interested . I tried putting the device on the floor , a shelf , the coffee table , and other locations looking for a way to get the critters to take interest . For the most part , the movement is too fast and too repetitive.Recommendations for improvement match others here - rotate the mirror -LRB- randomly -RRB- , make the mirror fully adjustable instead of just two settings , and slow down the movement so pets can track it more easily .
 Initial my cat liked it . But all it does is go in a circle . Round and round and round . And my cat got bored and now does not care for it at all . So I gave away to a freind with cats , maybe they will like ?
 My cat is extremely active and needs to be played with constantly to keep him out of trouble . He is also very athletic . This toy seemed like a good idea but he bores of it easily . It is too easy and predictable . He greatly prefers the randomness of a regular laser pointer . You can increase the difficulty by holding it and moving it around , but that defeats the purpose
 Mine was broken from the very first moment . The laser does n't move . My cat are used to play with lasers , so both went right to it as soon as the light turned on , leaving me with a guilty felling , as if I put a candy in front of a kid and took it away .
 My cats love lasers but we 're rarely around to play these days . I thought maybe this would be fun for the four of them to play a bit even when we 're not around -LRB- set it and go if you know what I mean -RRB- . It seems to have two settings and the lid is more in the way other than anything else . They will glance over when it is on , but little else .
 The concept is great . We adopted an outdoor cat and thought this would be a great way to keep her occupied however she quickly learned where the dot was coming from thereby became bored with the toy . Maybe other cats would do this but something to think about before you purchase .
 JUNK ! It just goes up and down , only 2 points , cat quickly lost interest . IT doenst move around to keep her engaged , just back and forth .
 Not even worth the money , go ahead and spend a few more dollars for a good one.The Three unhappy Kittys
 This thing is a joke . Yeah , it moves the laser beam around , but only in a circle . Every once in a while it stops , and then it starts up again . It does n't make a big circle on the floor , mind you , but a small circle on the wall . I guess you could hang it from the ceiling , but even then , it 'd just be going in a circle . And , as everyone else has said , it goes way too fast . As far as I can tell , you ca n't adjust the speed or pattern.Even the kittens I 'm fostering ignored it . I 'd give it a zero if I could .
 I bought this for my cat . It is the dumbist concept yet !! What cat can keep up with a laser beem that goes in circles and so fast ? I think they should take this thing apart and start over again !! I would not recommend this to my worst enemy . Do n't waste your money ...
 I was excited to get this toy since my cat gets bored all the time . I put in the included batteries and turned it on . To my surprise , my normally evil kitty shied away ! That 's not what the problem is though . After a while the noise that it made , so annoying , was n't such an issue except that it distracted the cat from the laser . So wait , maybe it is an issue . The other problem I have is that the beam goes super fast in a circle while stopping in random spots . Those random stops were so fast that even I did n't have time to locate the beam . My cat did n't have time to even try this toy as it really would be better suited for a party for everyone to stare at . That would probably be pretty dull anyway . You can hold the toy and play but it 's too fast and does n't work well that way either . You ca n't really aim it . I would not recommend this cat toy before finding someone who has one to try it out first .
 I recently purchased this item but am returning it . Cons
 I have a kitten I ca n't keep up with and thought this would be a great idea . Wrong , he figured it out and lost interest in the first day . He will play with it for a few minutes but then looks to see where the beam is coming from , figures it out and walks away . A whole 2 minutes of fun .
 I 'm looking for a formaldehyde free shampoo for my dog . I 'm trying to go all healthy in our home . This shampoo has DMDM hydantoid , which is a formaldehyde releaser . Formaldehyde is used as a cheap preservative in shampoos and conditioners , liquid soaps . Formaldehyde is also used in enbalming the dead . It is not healthy for a live person 's skin , so why would it be healthy for your pet ?
 I bought this shampoo because it was reasonably priced and I wanted to see if it really worked as good as the reviews said it would.The product shipped really fast and the packaging was great , which made me happy , but when I used the shampoo on my Pomeranian it did n't really work . While it did leave her coat soft and shiny like some of the reviews boasted it also made her smell really bad like a wet dog . Honestly , I wanted to leave a good review on this product but I ca n't because while it leaves your dog soft it makes them smell so bad you have to mask the odor with a pet cologne .
 I 've noticed my dog Max gets dirty faster when I use this . He has very fine hair , so maybe that 's why . I finally went back to using a shampoo/conditioner product.Maybe it works better on some dogs than others .
 if you want to treat your dog with chemical this is what you need does its job but its all chemical
 I read all the reviews and was pretty impressed with how everyone seemed to love this conditioner . Our dog is a very naturally itchy dog so after reading how people said this conditioner helped with itching , I was sold . That is until I used the product . I used it twice on my dog and I do n't believe I will continue using it.Our dogs coat is not one that tangles and mats easily . After using this product though , I 've never found so many knots and mats in my dog 's coat when brushing him in the days following usage . It just does something to his hair that makes it more prone to matting . You would expect a conditioner to have the opposite result . I 'm sure this is a great product for some dogs , however it was not a good combination with my dog 's particular type of coat .
 After reading all the positive reviews , I bought the Oatmeal conditioner -LRB- and shampoo -RRB- to relieve my dog 's itching . The product features `` natural '' moisturizers and `` natural '' oatmeal , and etc. , but unfortunately , it 's also full of harmful chemicals , none of which I 'd want to put on my dog 's already sensitive skin . I 'll keep it for backup but definitely wo n't use it for my pup 's regular baths .
 I never saw whether this bulb worked . The first one arrived shattered . Cross-ship return . The second one arrived shattered . Cross-ship return . The third one did n't have any glass obviously broken , but the packaging was the same and the bulb never flickered or lit . Returned.At the end of the day , Petco actually had better pricing for an equivalent bulb and shipped in MUCH BETTER packaging . So ... try the bulb , but be ready to return it if you hear glass rattling when it arrives .
 After reading reviews I had high hopes this toy could withstand my assault for at least a few days . Alas , it was shredded and I had removed all the stuffing and ` honker ' in under 5 minutes . Barely worth the effort to take it out of the box .
 Received this toy last night , my dachshund/terrier mix absolutely loved it , by noon the next day it had a big rip in it with the stuffing coming out . Very disappointed , we normally love Kyjen !
 I have a Hedgehog from petsmart , my dog races around with it and squeaks it , she has a small mouth . Now , I ordered a grunting hedgehog for more money to find out it does n't GRUNT , i have to order the larger size . And the Junior size is tad bit too large and the squeaker is buried , so it 's impossible for my dog to squeak it , and she is a good little squeaker ;--RRB- I would steer clear of the junior , BUT if you want the new long round ones , those grunt and a small dog can get it 's mouth around it to make it grunt ... go THAT WAY ;--RRB- Hope that helps !
 -LRB- Remember this type is appropriate for tanks that have live coal in it or one that is a true reef tank -RRB- . I must agree with the previous reviewers . Now it dose work like it 's supposed to , I had one in my tank back when I had fish -LRB- fresh not salt mine you -RRB- . For a small reef tank it would be ok -LRB- say around the 20 gallon long range -RRB- but it 's not a strong one like you need for a bigger reef tank -LRB- 29 tall would be as big a tank I would put it in -RRB- . I have n't tried thier bigger one but I think it would have done much better , just be stronger . I got mainly to make some diffrent currents in the tank . Eh ... It just did n't `` move '' the water around like you think it would . I found it 's better to just get one that is fixed , they are more quite and much less maintenance is needed to keep them working the way they are supposed to . If you do n't mind a little bit of extra noise and making sure they stay clean they do indeed work like they are suppose to for a reaf tank.If I remember correctly they do make some that would absolutely put this one to shame -LRB- like the one I saw in the display tank at my fish store , not pet store , `` fish '' store -RRB- , but like you would expect they are going to cost alot more ...
 A bit weak . I used it for a week , and 86 it from my tank.Thaks
 This pump stops working properly in less than a month .
 The cost of this product is outrageous . It is a tiny box of thread for almost 7 dollars . Major rip-off ! Do not buy !
 It 's junk . I recommend you stay far away from it.The sweeping head itself is jerky , noisy and gets debris in it very easily making the gear lock up so it ca n't sweep.Worse yet is that the mounting design is terrible to the point of being idiotic . It 's all thin , hard plastic and the actual powerhead portion of the unit fits less than tightly into the inlet/mounting base only about 1/4 inch . When it runs the powehead vibrates against the inlet and creates a loud , `` rrrrrrrrrrr ... rrrrrrrrrrr ... rrrrrrrrrr ... '' noise that will drive you up a wall . It does n't shut up with time either . You can even put your hand anywhere on the tank and feel it . It probably drives the fish as crazy as it will drive you . You can hear this thing clean across the house , especially at night . I 've been using one for close to a year and it 's just as loud today as it was when it was brand new . I eventually had to put it on a timer so it would shut up at night and I do n't take it out and smash it into little pieces.This thing is LOUD and very stupidly designed.I would n't buy any of these Zoo Med Powersweep units . They are all designed the same way and they are all complete failures.Piece of JUNK !!
 I saw mixed reviews on this so thought I would give it a try . Big mistake , It quit working after a week . It would no longer rotate the head back and forth . Also I could not get it apart to clean it . It did move water across my aquarium while it worked but that was a short period of time . For freshwater it might work ok but for marine aquariums forget it , it will clog up quickly.My assessment is1 . Its way too heavy and it wo n't stay on the suction cups for long .2 . It uses way too much electricity -LRB- 23 watts -RRB- come on , other pumps use 1/3 the juice for the same amount of flow3 . Its big and takes up much space4 . Its almost impossible to clean so that eventually leads to the powerhead not rotating properly .5 . The water flow rate was disappointing as well .
 It 's incredibly noisy on hardwood floors , and it 's not really powerful enough for an interesting game of chase . Also , it gets stuck in corners . The cats seem -LRB- very -RRB- mildly curious about it . I sometimes put it in a paper bag with a few other things ; that gets the cats interested ... for a while .
 Unfortunately our resident purr becomes too distracted by the rolling huming ball to chase the mice . The overall emotional effect of the cat is closer to fear and confusion than to playfulness .
 You will see as soon as you add this to your tank that your fish are experiencing a great deal of trauma . They will become frantic , then slow down , clamp their fins then settle at the bottom for awhile . If you have mollies , they are particularly sensitive to these chemicals and are likely to become very ill or die . I firmly believe this product should be pulled from the market .
 this product came in broken they shipped it in a envelope and there was more product in the paper and on the floor of the steps then in the bottle . It should have been shipped in a box
 Good for what it does , basically a dechlorinator . There are tons of these on the market , some with additional benefits ... For the price , I just ca n't justify buying this anymore . Again , there are many other conditioners -LRB- some by seachem -RRB- that dechlorinate and much more . Depending on your setup , I might recommend Neutral Regulator for hard water , or even a basic Aquasafe conditioner .
 I have a SportDog SBC10 that works well . I bought this product -LRB- SBC-18 -RRB- and it is crap . The intensity/test switch will not stay at one setting , the dogs can change the setting during play . Most of the time I put the collar on at night and by morning the switch is on test and my dog is happily barking away.Don ' t buy this product .
 A stainless steel pet dish sounds like a good idea . It should be fine for food or water , clean easily , and always look nice.The above may be true - problem is it tips easily . If you have an over eager dog or cat or just a lovable but clumsy one you 'll find yourself with a few spills.It would have made sense to weight the bottom . You do n't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out .
 Algae fix , is a horrible fish murdering product . No one should sell this product - nightmare stories all over the internet and now a nightmare in my tank ! My Fish are still very very sick days after using less than the recommended dose . I had to remove my guppies within minutes as the looked half dead , several hours later all my other fish became very ill . I performed a 50 % water change and 30 hours later my fish are still twitching and wo n't eat . They almost appear to be blind . Oh my water is crystal clear but who cares about the water if the fish die ! Google Algae Fix dead fish - this has happened to many users of this product !
 Bought this along with a heater for my 5 gallon frog tank . The thermometer got here over a week after the heater came , even though i ordered at the same time . And now I am not sure it 's working . I felt the water before the heater - very cold . I felt the water 24 hours later after the heater - much warmer . The thermometer never changed . If it were to work , it 's small , grips to the side of the tank very easily .
 I purchased one of these to try with my strip temperature gauges on my 90 gallon saltwater reef system . Thankfully it was a cheap mistake.The thermometer does n't like to stick to the glass -LRB- which I cleaned very carefully to make sure there were no lingering algae deposits -RRB- and is easily knocked off by invertebrates and other creatures in your tank . Then you have to fish it out and stick it back up on the glass again.It reads poorly compared to most strips ; I compared it with them side by side to see if one was easier to read than the other . It also reads slower than strip thermometers -LRB- I tested it in an empty quarantine tank by raising the internal water temperature and the outside temperature strip registered the change faster -RRB- . I left it in the quarantine tank with normal reef salinity and gravity for a week and found it clouded . This is concerning if you are keeping coral as it could be leaking or subject to breaking in the tank . Not to be dissuaded that it might be one bad thermometer I purchased another and it suffered the same fate within the same time frame -LRB- it lasted a whole day longer -RRB- . I 'm giving this a two star review because it may work in fresh water and be effective there but I would n't suggest it for a saltwater system . If you do n't like thermometer strips you might as well spend the money on an expensive electronic reader that will also run a few of your tests for you .
 I was very disappointed with the Kong Air Dog Squeaker Bone . I have a 4 yr old Dashund that loves squeaker toys ; he is also a chewer . I have purchased Kong products before because they are the only toys my dog has not destroyed . The Kong Air Dog Squeaker Bone only lasted 5 minutes with my Dashund . He had the cover torn off and the rubber chewed into little pieces . If your dog is a chewer , DO NOT waste your money on buying this product . It will not stand up .
 Had it in a 10 gallon tank with two turtles and it did n't even make a dent in the tank . Quiet but did n't work well enough .
 Bought the cascade 300 to filter a 58qt . tub with a hatchling snapping turtle for a few months . The little filter has plenty power , circulates the water very well , runs pretty quietly and does a decent job with keeping the water clear . One problem is that that part of the filter is clear and you can always see all the filth that 's inside and algae has started to grow in mine and seems impossible to clean out ; it just does n't look good.The next problem is that the way its made it has an opening in the front that my feeder minnows can swim into . I lose more fish by them swimming into the filter getting stuck inside and dying than I am by the turtle eating them . Luckily my turtle has gotten larger and it 's now time to upgrade . If it was n't for this problem this filter would n't be too shabby for a small turtle or amphibian .
 This filter does not do very well with smaller substrates . My cascade filter died after about 1 week of use , and the motor was totally shot . The filter circulated the water well with a good flow rate , but this probably contributed to its substrate intake and demise . The filter would probably do a lot better in a tank with no substrate or larger sized substrates , but there are definitely sturdier choices available for internal filters.-TBM
 Stains contents of cage . Bird would not eat it after trying it . A few pecks and that was it . Switched back to regular unflavored ones .
 The collar did n't work and have sent it back . Maybe it was just a bad collar . It did not fit the dog either .
 I have two large dogs that like to make themselves known to the neighbors . I liked how these NoBark collars were supposed to work and especially the safety features they implemented to prevent the dog from being hurt . This is my third , and last , go-around with these collars . I just ca n't get them to work reliably . At first I thought they were n't put on correctly , had bad batteries or that the dogs just did n't mind the occasional ZzzzzzzING ! These units work through vibration which may or may not be why they 're problematic.After a few calls to SportDOG -LRB- do n't bother imho -RRB- , it looks as though , at least for my units , they just would n't always work . Their support would suggest running the units , sensor side down , on something rough to simulate the dog bark . It should beep and the light will come on . Sure , sometimes . Most times , nope.Tried to get my first unit warranty repaired because it seemed to never work . I did n't have the original receipt , my bad . However , the manufacturers date stamp indicated that it was made within the warranty period which would indicate that it was absolutely still in warranty . Easy , right ? Wrong . SportDOG refused warranty without the receipt.I liked the NoBark collars for what they do when they work and for the built in safety features . However , after three purchases , along with new batteries , I now have three collars that really do n't work.I would not purchase these collars again nor would I recommend these collars to anyone else .
 We purchased this collar and a 4-pack of batteries for it . The audible sound works to tell you `` that its working '' but only the sound works . No shock . After hearing the dog bark with and without the collar , decided to try a new battery . Again , audible sound works and red light lights up but no shock . Finally , after being fooled that its working , I decided to try it on myself and can not , no matter how loud I get , make it administer a shock . The little red light will blink on and the sound will sound , but no shock . Now Im out $ 60 . Do yourself a favor and skip the rip off . Buy some other brand.I only gave it one star because I couldnt find a lower number .
 This works . However , it also goes off when a lawn mower , a truck , or a motorcycle goes by the house . So if you live near a busy road or have alot of outside traffic , do n't buy this . I felt terrible that my dog got zapped as my husband drove by on the lawn tractor.The holes on it are also WAYYY too big . I have a medium sized dog who is in a medium collar . I had to poke holes in this to get it to fit . I ca n't image what people with smaller dogs would do .
 I ordered two of these items , one for my dog and one for my Mother-in-law 's dog , and neither product worked at all ! Highly recommend you purchase a product from a different company , I returned both of the collars I ordered -LRB- still waiting for refund to post -RRB- . I can say that Amazon seems to have a great refund policy where you are not responsible for the shipping on the return of a defective item .
 Does n't work on a german shepherd I have , even after shaving its hair to have good contact . . I would not buy another sport dog product .
 Do NOT buy this product . I bought it for my 10 month-old lab who barks excessively at night . My husband and I tested the device before placing it on our dog -LRB- if it beeps when the sensors are run over a rough surface , it 's supposed to be working -RRB- and waited to see what the dog 's reaction would be . For about an hour he did n't bark at all , but every now and then the collar would beep , then he 'd shake his head and scratch at the collar , as if it were irritating . We thought he was just getting used to the feel of the collar . About 90 minutes after we placed the collar on the dog , he was munching on a rawhide toy not barking , growling or anything , when he leapt into the air about 3 feet , yelped and started crying and frantically running around . We chased him to try to hold him and take the collar off . But before we could catch him he was shocked again because he jumped into the air a second time and yelped . We finally caught him and took the collar off . The instructions say the dog 's first reaction to the shock will be the strongest , and we expected he would have some discomfort and be surprised but the dog WAS NOT BARKING when he was shocked .
 This sport collar states it is for small dogs , NOT true . I had to cut and add holes for it to fit -- only to find out that by its design -LRB- a belt buckle design -RRB- I can not put it on my small dog . To pull it tight enough for the prong to slip in the hole , it chokes my dog . I am worried it will damage his throat !! If it is loose enough that it wo n't choke him when I try to put it on , it is too loose to work . Now I am stuck with a collar that I can not use , or return as I added holes to it !!!
 Guinea pigs can not have milk products -LRB- i.e. yogurt -RRB- . Milk and milk products can be toxic , cause obesity , and discourage them from eating the things they should have . I 'd stick with the veggies !
 I followed the instructions and within days , the grass grew exactly as pictured on the product page . I have 3 cats and the first cat did n't like it , the second cat did like it , and the third cat loved it . The problem was that the two cats that ate it would throw up shortly after eating it leaving a mess.I tried to limit the amount they 'd eat , so their bodies could get used to it , but they never did adapt . I ended up throwing it out because it just was n't agreeing with their bodies.I would be cautious with this simply because it made my cats sick .
 The grass did not grow but since I am not much of a gardner I may not have had the right gardening skills to make it grow . I would not buy again .
 It says you only need to water it once . My grass was dead in a week . It also did not come in the circle pot . It comes in a cheap square plastic container.Won ' t buy again - a waste of money .
 Seeds were missing from one of the packages of cat grass . I used some of the seeds from one of the other packets and the grass grew well . The cats are eating the grass . Also , the shipping cost made this purchase an uneconomical one .
 this stuff grows great . i even planted it outside where my cat normally likes to eat grass , but he is totally not interested in this stuff .
 I bought this for my two month old cockatiel about two weeks ago . And it was good the first few days . He uses it everyday . It 's very cheep quality . The ladder spacing is very tight and my bird got stuck in them . My advice , spend the money on a good play stand . Not one that you 'll have to re glue a few times like this one . Hope this helped .
 This product was a disappointment right out of the box . The materials are flimsy , the swing and ladder were both out of square , the holes in the main dowel are drilled at an angle so the main support piece leans . The long dowel holding the rope toy does n't touch the bottom of the playset , seriously undermining its stability . This playset is NOT large enough to comfortably accommodate a cockatiel . My bird , Paloma , ca n't fit in the swing and the ladder is too small . I strongly dislike the product and regret this purchase .
 I purchased the LARGE activity center , and it is too small for my lovebird ! It 's listed as `` for Cockatiels and Medium Birds , '' but I imagine even a parakeet would feel cramped.The rungs on the ladders are so tiny my lovebird avoids using them completely . The glue helps hold perches in place , but I had to duct tape one of them so the whole set would n't collapse . The swing is much too small , and the base needs to be 5 '' wider so the ladders are n't so cramped.I give it two stars because my bird likes the rope , upper two perches , it 's a good surface for shredding bird kabobs and paper without much cleanup , and it 's relatively cheap compared to other playsets . Having a playset is a must if you have your bird out a lot , but if you can afford it get the extra large or , even better , pick another brand !
 I had a hard time putting the activity center together . The glue provided just would not hold !! I did n't want to use anything that could be harmful to my birds . I have one cockatiel and four parakeets who enjoy new toys . It finally held but not sturdy enough . The worst was when I tried to rinse it off , after being in the bird cage for a couple of weeks , the color on the wood bled all off !!
 I was hoping this would be a treat for my piggie but he absolutely hates these yogurt chips . Not only that he does n't touch it but if I put it with the rest of his food he does n't touch it either , and he 's usually really fat and hungry.These chips have a very processed smell , maybe that 's what keeps him in bad term with these yogurt chips , especially because as you know piggies have a really sharp sense of smell . I checked the expiration on the package and it 's 2013 , so this is not the cause of the smell.In anycase I just wanted to say that this product did n't work for my guinea , but it does n't mean it wont work for others .
 Buns have a sweet tooth . If buns are left to their own devices they will devour sugary foods , like this product , to the exclusion of healthful ones . Over time treats like yogurt drops can contribute to fatal cases of enterotoxemia , a toxic overgrowth of bad bacteria in the intestinal tract . Buns have delicate digestion and many treats for them like this one are geared towards enticing well meaning human owners with less regard if any for pets well being . A fresh piece of fruit or veggie is a far better and economical treat choice . research what varieties are best and which should be given more sparingly like grapes and bananas .
 I think there are better quality yogurt chips out there -LRB- Vitakraft -RRB- I know it is n't really healthy snack for bunnies , but this is like my secret weapon to befriend with new bunny ... This one has partially hydrogenated soybean oil , palm oil ... just too much extra stuff :-LRB- And I 'm not sure if my bunny actually needs all these vitamins and minerals -LRB- iron , chloride , vitamin A , B12 , E. ... -RRB- So I try not to give this to my bun ... I might get infant 's yogurt chips instead in the future .
 If you love your cat , DO NOT get them this toy . These toys are dangerous . My cat loved the toy , but the string mouse unraveled and found it 's way into his mouth and intestines . In short , it mangled up his insides and I had to put him down this week.They should n't be selling toys like this that can be fatal to the pets !!!!!
 I had high hopes from reading reviews on this product , but it has not worked for me . Waste of money !
 This stuff is evil ! I bought it because my cat was scared of the construction going on at my home , thought it might calm her down . She had never done anything wrong or bad , she was the perfect cat , just a little scared by all the commotion . I plugged the stuff into the outlet , and my cat , my female cat mind you , PEED all over it ! She peed all over the area actually ! It has to be SEVERELY bad for my cat to do something like that ! She has never gone near that part of the house since then , even though I removed it and cleaned up immediately !
 I tried using the spray as well as 2 bottles Plug ins . They were expensive , but since I recently moved , I was hoping it will help alleviate some problems . My cat still meows like crazy and urinated everywhere -LRB- he 's neutured -RRB- . I tried for 3 weeks and gave up . It seems like it works for some cats and does n't on others . I 'm the unlucky one I guess
 I adopted a feral cat who was easily frightened and skittish all the time . I bought this spray and the diffuser and was very disappointed to find that neither one worked . His behavior has n't changed at all ... he is still as anxious as before . Maybe some cats just do n't react to the `` facial pheromones '' found in Feliway . I think this product is a hit or miss !
 This did nothing to deter my cats . I bought this and the diffuser , neither provided any results . The spray leaves my walls sticky , and the smell is low , but unpleasant . Please do n't waste the money .
 My birds chews alot of goofy links weekly but none of the three chewed more than a link each , plastics to hard and the pieces come off sharp
 My UV clarifier is probably 10 or 11 months old and it 's already dead . The bulb burned out about 6 weeks ago , well short of its 1 year expected life , and was replaced . Last weekend I noticed the light was dead . I replaced the $ 80 bulb , plugged it back in , and nothing . The UV clarifier is dead . Typical . Ca n't anyone many anything that actually works anymore?It 's also annoying that the input and output tubes have such a tiny diameter . I think they went out of their way to find a size that was difficult to convert to more standard sized tubes.EDIT
 I have used the 40 watt Pondmaster units for several years . Generally they do an excellent job of clarifying the water . Three units keep my 6000 gallon pond very clear . However , the ballast is subject to damage because the gasket around the quartz sleeve pushes into a pressure switch at the base of the unit . After using the unit for a few years , the gasket becomes distorted , lets water into the electical fixture , allowing the ballast to burn out . A replacement ballast costs over $ 100 and is difficult to find . I have a collection of four or five burned out ballasts that ca n't be repaired . Since bulbs last about two seasons , it generally costs about the same amount to buy a new unit as it does to replace all of the parts -LRB- ballast , quartz sleeve , and bulb -RRB- . Hopefully this is not a deliberate strategy by the company to sell replacemente units , but one has to wonder .
 This UV clarifier is one of the worst products I have encountered avaialable for consumer purchase . The halos will fail after about a year ; the unit will disintegrate , resulting in a huge leak and the pond will be pumped dry unless the pump has a float switch . The manufacturer claims the clarifier may be installed outside the pond . WRONG . The environment will eventually degrade the halo connections and they will crack , leak and fail . Please do n't purchase this horrible product .
 Bought mine a year ago and the ballast gave out after about 3 months . Pondmaster does not sell any replacement parts except for the bulbs -LRB- now have 2 good ones -RRB- . Pondmaster website contact would n't return emails . Ballast is sealed and can not be removed to be replaced.Warranty was void because I had to add an extension to the cord -LRB- this is no way affected the ballast - I extensively bench-tested the unit -RRB- . Expensive piece of tubing at this point . It did work fairly well while it worked .
 I bought this product 2 months ago and the bulb is no longer working :-LRB- . I called Amazon and they want me to contact the company that makes the item and ask for a replacement or a refund.I do think it `` s Amazon 's job to follow up on this matter since i bought the product from them . Today 4/16/2011 I called the amazon customer service and the danner company , since it is Saturday I left a message , will see if they even bother calling back . No result as of now .4 / 18/2011 No one called back or email back from danner company : -LRB- So i called the amazon again , one lady help me and said they can refund me the money , i ask her if they can just replace it instead of refund , i like the item and i need it in my pond . She said sure she can , but she didnt told me that i am going to get only a partial payment since i am paying the shipping fee for the return .4 / 28/2011 Amazon got the item back , and going to refund me a partial amount.So i called Amazon again since the last lady didnt told me with all this shipping fee and partial amount . Thankfully this time the lady make it straight . She just cancel my refund and replace the item with a new one . I am glad someone could help me this time . I just wish it happen the first call and not multiple calls.The product works so well and i hope it will last longer this time .
 Purchased in May and by August the UV light had burned out . Worked good but did n't last.Added remark : After replacing the light tube the ballast failed at 140 days of use .
 I 'm really disappointed in how this performs . It says it can handle 3/8 &#34; glass , but it regularly comes detached while cleaning with glass of that thickness . Moved it to a 1/4 &#34; glass tank and it works better . Guess I 'll have to get a real algae cleaner .
 I thought these were actual towels or towel like . They seem more like rags , size and all . The material is tough , although it does do what it 's supposed to . But it could definitely use some improvement.If you 're looking for a soft drying towel for your pet , I would n't use this . But if you 're looking for a good kitchen rag , good at absorbing liquid , then it 's pretty decent .
 I used this product several times after I received it , and fount out it is not so good at cleaning algae from fish tank glass , in general . I went back to old fashion stick and sponge . You do not need to get your hands wet if you have a long stick . On the other hand , you will always get your hands wet using Mag Float Cleaner . But the bottom line is that this is not doing a good job cleaning .
 Wish the magnet was stronger . Not as great as everyone claims I still have to use other means to clean my glass
 I bought a set of these and I tried them on my glass aquarium but it scratched my glass aquarium even though I rinsed the pads to ensure it did not have any debris . The scratch was towards to top of my aquarium so I know that its not that I picked up gravel and dragged it .
 It WILL scratch your glass , even with no sand sand under it . I have tried 2 different ones and both scratched my tank horribly . I will not get another one .
 the magnet is very strong and cleans very well but sand WILL get under the cleaning pad regardless of what the advertising says . I now have many scratches to repair INSIDE a 700 gal acrylic aquarium I also have scratches on the outside because of the same problem but that 's much easier fixing than the inside . You ca n't always be at the right angle of light that shows when it 's scratching the acrylic ...
 This magnet is better suited for glass aquariums that get a lot of algae on the surface of the glass . For day-to-day or average use , the magnet bristles are too harsh and will gladly host any particles floating in the water that will scratch your glass . So be careful , they way to use it is to rinse both surfaces of the cleaner -LRB- outside and inside -RRB- to make sure there are n't any particles stuck . Then , as you are doing a water change , use a sponge to wipe the inside of the aquarium making sure you eliminate any particles or sand stuck to the glass . Then use the magnet -LRB- make sure you pair it only once -RRB- . If you follow this process you will reduce the chances that you will scratch the glass . I am giving it two stars because for me all these steps are an inconvenience .
 This algee cleaner will clean your algee , but scratches the glass really bad , this cleaner will make a mess of your tank
 I use this magnetic cleaner with great effect on my 45 gallon glass tank , but if you are looking to clean the sides of a plastic tank , do not purchase this product . It leaves small scratches on the inside of the plastic with every pass -- it 's just too abrasive for plastic tanks .
 I bought 3 new tanks and 3 of these magnents to ease the cleaning of the inside of my acrilic tanks . . but after first use on each tank . . unfortunatly I did not notice until I ruined all 3 . . there are scratches all over and now the new tanks look bad . I am a photographer and was hoping to get some nice shots after everything got going , but after trying to shoot anyway . . the scratches show up bad in the pics . I am researching to find a better way to clean these tanks and wish I had bought glass to begin with . . but the magnets say they do not scratch . . but they do !
 I read all the glowing reviews and bought this overpriced product for $ 12 . I get green and dark brown algae about once a month in a solid blanket on the glass of my tank , and it is glass , not acrylic . I used this product , which is two pieces with magnets . The part that stays on the outside of you tank is lined with soft felt . The inner piece is lined with very coarse plastic , the same as the stiff side of velcro , but I would say even stiffer . When you move the product just up and down or side to side , the vertical velcro pieces that scrub are far enough apart that they just clean a small bit so you get lines scrubbed into the algae . You have to do a TON of scrubbing to clear the glass . I found going in circles cleared it fastest.The problem was , after the third time , I noticed that right in the front and center of my tank , there were circular scratches in two spots ! What a waste ! I was sooo pissed . Then I figured out a great solution . I cut a section of green scrubber pad off one of those yellow sponges with the scubber pad on the back , the same size as the magnet . It works great now . No more scatches in over a month of near daily use since the scubber pad is much softer . The approximately 1/8 '' thick pad stays in place relatively well since it sticks to the velcro . And by increasing the surface area in contact with the glass , it can clean the glass in just one or two sweeps.Why they have n't come up with this on their own is beyond me.Fyi , I have gravel and not sand and the inside magnet had nothing stuck to it . The scratches were solely from the coarse , hard plastic .
 I ordered two of this &#34; hinges &#34; from this seller -LRB- Ozbo -RRB- but instead , I got two brown metal profiles for a 3/16 &#34; glass with a velvet trim . I live in Costa Rica and it is very difficult to me -LRB- and expensive -RRB- to return these metal profiles back to USA .
 My dog refused to use this . It is a pain to put on & does fall off easily . I would not recommend . In fact I tried to give it away and had problems .
 My kitten was definitely interested in the feather feature of this toy , but less than three minutes after I set it up , the blue rod snapped off at the base . A very flimsy little plastic peg , about 3/8 inch long and smaller than the diameter of a wooden match , is all that is supposed to support the rod in the base . The toy is an example of a good idea spoiled by shabby manufacturing . C'mon , Hartz ... did you test this toy at all ?
 our cats do n't like it . it 's too noisy they like the feather and the stick though . wo n't buy again nope
 This item was not plaid but camouflage and it is much smaller than what is pictured . I have a medium size and he barely fits on it .
 Very disappointed ! When I received the bed it had spots all over it . Plus the bed was all lumpy . Terrible quality !! Not worth the money .
 Well I bought two of these for my large dogs , after all the picture shows a lab on it . They were much smaller than the picture and the fabric was very thin and ripped the first week I had them ! My dogs only fit half way on them and they were torn up by getting on and off . not a great product , I will pay more next time for better quality !
 My dachshunds will eat these under stuffed pillows soon . The material is flimsy . `` Beds '' were cheap but they are the size of pillows and they are not plaid -- they are striped . If I had seen them in person I would not have purchased them at all -- even at this low price . As it is , I 'll let my dogs have there way with them rather than go through the hassle of the return . The colors are ugly and pale . Each one is large enough for one dachshund . I say invest in the Yap bed . My dogs LOVED them , but the younger pup chewed a whole through hers ; it took her a long time to do it though , because YAP uses a canvas like material.Multipet Yap Dog Bed , Retro Square , Measures 22 Inches for Small Dogs
 IT SUCKED ! It took almost 3 weeks to get here and when it did it was the wrong one ! then i did get the rite one there was no bag on the inside so i couldnt wash it and it wasnt very durible it was gone in a day ! literaly ! 35 $ I DONT THINK SO !
 The size and comfort of the dog bed is acceptable . The cover is attractive , however , the fabric is very slippery . I was walking across the room and did n't quite step over the whole thing . I went flying ! Could be dangerous unless the bed is somewhere in the home where no one could step on it .
 3 of the 4 beds I bought were OK . The fabric on the 4th was thin and was ripped the 1st day . I ended up making covers for all of them . The price was low , but so was the quality .
 This product is not as large as it appears . I have a labrador , and he does n't completely fit on the pillow . -LRB- Even though a dog of similiar size is pictured -RRB- It 's packing is sawdust and fuzz-like materials . If it manages to get a tear or even a small hole in the fabric , you have a very large mess on your hands . It smells like the inside of a rabbit cage too . -LRB- Just for the record . -RRB-
 I have a 60 pound dog and he uses it as a pillow as it is much too small for a bed . The quality is poor and I was able to buy a much higher quality at a lower price at Costco .
 I bought this bed only because it looked really large.My dog is old and had a broken hip so I wanted to get her a bed with a lot of padding . Well it was too small . It looked like a large pillow from my bed well she hated it . I tried to have her lay on it for 2 weeks but no luck . She was just to big for it . I eventually took the `` large pillow '' and stuffed it in her old bed . She still does n't lay on it . It was a waste of money . I ended up giving her old flat bed back to her .
 Wood chips and stuffing everywhere . I know it was cheap , but if you have a smart dog
 Do not buy this product if you own a large dog . The photo shows a large dog on the bed but the actual product is half that size . My dogs could possibly use it for a pillow just for their heads . I felt really tricked , duped and cheated when I opened the box . And I purchased two of them .
 I do n't know why this bed pops up when you search for large or extra large dog bed because this bed is not even suitable for a 20 lb dog . I could n't imagine even a chihuahua thinking that bed is comfortable . Its just not suitable for any dog .
 I am very very disappointed with the product . Its just a cheap quality cloth with a zipper stuffed inside with some cheap fiber , much much different from the one in the picture . My dog will rip it apart in one day , The design is different and I do n't understand whether I was unlucky or its in fact cheap . I am surprised it has such good reviews .
 The Wag Bag Plaid Dog Bed would be good for a gentle dog with no nails . Day 1 -LRB- or 2 maybe -RRB- the bed ripped . I contacted the seller and received no response . Wo n't buy from them again based on customer service alone . I expected some sort of acknowledgement .
 The product had minimal fiberfill and no more than a small handful of chips . Had an overpowering perfume smell -LRB- not cedar -RRB- Had to wash it right away as it gave me a headache . I will re-stuff it myself and see how it goes .
 I ordered this dog bed and the description read the size as 27 '' x 36 '' . I received a bed size 21 '' x 30 '' . Now I 'm going to have to go through the hassel of sending it back . Sucks !
 I ordered 4 of these beds for my dogs for Christmas . In less than two days , these 4 year old dogs had torn 3 of the beds open . Then they tore the zipper out of two of them . If you are looking for a tough bed for your dog , these are not the ones .
 The bed is much smaller than it appears in the picture . . Too tiny for our German Shepherd / Husky to lay on -LRB- yet somehow a chocolate lab can fit on it comfortably ? -RRB- , but she uses it as a pillow . Save yourself the $ $ and just get a pillow from Target .
 I gave an earlier rave review , a few years ago , but the company changed the cover , to a slick material that also poofs up and makes it hard for the pets to lie on it . They avoid it . I notified the company , and hope they will return to the former covers , but until then , who needs a bed the pets wo n't lie on ?
 Not sure if this is a problem on Amazon 's end , or if Northern Tool screwed up , but the item I received is a 21x30 cushion , not the 27x36 model described -LRB- and pictured -RRB- . I have a small lab , and she can basically use this a pillow for her head . Also , the cover is quite thin , and wo n't last long enough to make this purchase worthwhile .
 There is no way a LAB can sleep on this bed . I have a 35lb dog and it is too small for her . it is also very thin . Might as well fold a blanket and let you dog sleep on it . NOT WORTH THE $ $ $ $ $
 Basically , this is a glorified pillow . It 's really too puffy to be appealing to lye down on , and my Border Collie is n't interested in it at all.I have other doggie beds that she is very happy with , but not this one . Fortunately it 's inexpensive , so it 's not a big deal.My advice ... spend a little more and buy a better bed .
 I bought dog beds from Northern Tool a few years ago , was happy with the quality so I went ahead and ordered two of these . Do n't be fooled by the photo of the large dog laying comfortably on its bed - the new ones are completely different to the one shown -LRB- which is more like the beds I had before -RRB- . The cover is made of really cheap , thin , man-made material ; there is a zip but no inner cover so it ca n't be washed -LRB- when it is unzipped , you just get a look at the cheap stuffing -RRB- . I phoned the company and went through the return authorization process only to find that it would cost me nearly as much to return the beds as it did to buy them.I have decided to make outer covers from decent material and then donate the beds to an animal rescue group as cat beds -LRB- I do n't think they would last very long with a dog -RRB- . I will be looking elsewhere for dog beds from now on .
 This is not a large bed . The picture shows a large bed with a large dog , a chocolate labrador . In reality its a medium size bed for a medium size dog about the size of a cocker spaniel .
 I had high hopes for this bed . I assumed for the price , it would n't last for a very long time , but since my puppy is still growing , I was only really hoping for a few months use before getting her a `` big girl bed '' . This one lasted all of 2 hours . For the first 1.5 hours , my 5 month old boxer mix loved it , slept on it right away . Then I left her for about 30 minutes and returned to find she had the zipper chewed off and stuffing ripped out and the bed completely ruined . If your dog is NOT a chewer , this may work for you because she did find it very comfy , but for dogs that are chewers , do n't waste your money . : -LRB-
 Our dog loves this dog food . But , after my experience with ordering this product online through Amazon the dog may not get it again , as I am not only upset with Amazon for allowing it , but also the manufacturer who passes on their damaged cans to the public through an online site . I ordered a case of this product and every can in the shipment has large dents in the can . And because of the location of the dents , on the inside cans , in the packaging , you can tell it was n't damage done during shipping . These cans we packed that way . Never again will I order anything like this online . It has actually soured me on using Amazon .
 this product was i rip off the wood is the size of a rock . thought it would 've been big enough to hold a baby iguana but like i said its very small . wish i could show a pic
 Ordered 3 of these 1 was perfect size , 1 was ok and the third looks like a dog bone . Just an undersized straight piece of wood barely 11 inches long and not even 3 inches wide . the weight barely 12 oz . You 'd think the person packing them would have noticed the tag was n't attached and that it was a very small piece compared to the others . Buyer beware - You 'd think Amazon would be more concerned about doing business better ...
 Depending on your luck -LRB- or unluckyness i should say -RRB- the wood you get could have bacteria that , once boiled , are toxic to any fish that eat them . I lost a beautiful Farlowella and a Rubber lip pleco to this wood . Dissapointed .
 The piece I received was the mentioned length and width but was nothing more than that . A long flat piece of nice looking wood but of no real use in my aquarium without any spots for the fish to swim through or hide in . Cheers to Amazon for a full instant refund and free return shipping .
 Worst product . Change the water color . I tried hot wash in dishwasher , changed water so many times . Still it is changing the water color . Do n't know how long it will take to stop chaining water color.I wish I could give negative or not even 1 star
 Received my item in today . It looked nothing like the one pictured . I expected receive a piece that was somewhat close to what was in the picture with branching limbs . Instead my piece was pretty flat .
 Not even close to what I wanted . Much much thicker than dimension state and shorter than dimension state . I have zero use for it because of this . Not worth returning though . Each piece is different so you 're either lucky and get a good piece or not . I would recommend just going to the store and buying a piece . I should of listened to the other reviews , was just hoping I might get a usuable piece .
 Bought a piece of Zoo Med Mopani wood at Petco and soaked it for 2 weeks per directions , the water seemed to be clear at that point , but after a week in our aquarium it was turning the tank water amber , and the wood had extensive white , slimy mold all over it . -LRB- Water was crystal clear before this -RRB- . I will be throwing the Mopani out and getting a sculptured resin rock . Waste of money .
 I was really excited to get some mopani wood for my fish tank . when it arrived it looked great and was the perfect size . after having it in the water for about two days i started noticing little things all over the sides of my tank . i dont know what they were but they kind of cracked when i smashed them , they had an exoskeleton . while i was killing some i noticed another unwanted creature . little WORMS ! i probably killed five of them and i dont know how many are still in the tank or in the fish ! I do n't know what to do now ! i hope my fish are okay . and it does turn the water really orange
 Well , I was expecting a something a little more like the product photo . The wood that came looks like an 8 '' long by 6 '' diameter root-ball with the roots cut off . No cool branches or structure for my fish to play around . One half looks pretty cool , but the other looks like a piece of charcoal . Also , I had to boil the wood 7 times and soak it for 4 days with frequent water changes , and it still leached tannins.I would say , if your local pet store carries this wood , buy it there so at least you can see what it looks like . Ordering wood this way is a total crapshoot . I am going to keep the piece since it 's cheap enough , but will not buy again .
 I soaked this wood for 60 days in a bucket , changing the water just about every day in an effort to make it suitable for aquarium use . It is still turning the water brown each day and I do n't know if any amount of soaking will make it ready to put into an aquarium .
 ya , I thought this African wood would be a good idea
 I bought mine in a pet store so I was able to pick out a large attractive piece . However that 's the only good I can say about it.The instructions on the tag make it seem that a few days of soaking will remove the leaching tannins or reduce them to a manageable tint . In practice its been quite a different experience . I spent the first 3 weeks soaking it in scalding hot tap water , changing it often , and it would turn into dark coffee overnight . Soaking did n't show any progress so I began boiling it for hours at a time . I 've done the boiling process over and over -LRB- at least a dozen times -RRB- and the water still turns to `` slightly less dark '' coffee when soaked in cool water -- very little difference after 4 weeks of effort . The wood does look much lighter when dry but it leeches uncontrollably.I like the idea of using natural materials in my tank but this eight dollar scrap is NOT worth the hours of time and effort I 've put into it . Nor am I spending a ton of money redoing my filtration which is working just fine . I do not want an aquarium full of coffee -LRB- or even iced tea -RRB- so I 'm giving up and buying an artificial replacement .
 Nothing like the picture . What I got is a stick about 10 '' without any branch . I do n't even want to bother change the product and be disappointed again .
 The Good : Turtle liked ability to get out of water . Self-leveling feature kept dock level with water changes.The Bad : Dock tended to grow greenish algae that stained . Attempts to wash helped somewhat , but high effort . Dock had a finish on the bottom that came off in chunks . Turtle decided he preferred the dock to his turtle bone for gnawing purposes , leaving chunks of plasticky -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- crap floating around the tank . I ca n't imagine that is healthy for him.Musings
 This product is design for turles I have a red ear slider turtle and she does not fit on the dock . I was disapointed for the actual size of the Dock.It would be great for a baby turtle but not for an 8month read ear slider .
 They sent me some random log granted it is `` mopani '' wood my piece looked like a piece of fire wood . It was literally straight with zero curvature if it was a more expensive piece I would have def sent it straight back .
 Please do n't buy this . I gave it to my dog last night and had to rush him to the vet this morning because he could n't walk and was shaking so bad . They said it was because of this and they have to keep him all day to monitor him . This product should n't even be sold . Please do n't buy !
 This product did absolutely nothing for my two dogs . Did n't see any improvement , and concerned about the chemicals as well . I 'm sure people buy this to try to save some $ $ -LRB- like I did -RRB- and instead it was a total waste .
 Put this product on my 3 month old Boston Terrier.Waited and waited and waited . No dead fleas.Waited and waited now seeing a few fleas.Waited and waited now infested with fleas.So disapointed . It is as if I never applied this product.My poor lil pup is so miserable .
 I have a 2 year old 8 lb mini dachshund/pincher . After I applied the product he started freaking out and tried to rub it off for a good hour . After that he just laid and stayed in place but I could tell something was wrong . I left him alone because I figured he would get over it as he usually does when I apply this other flea medication from CVS . The next day my brother started noticing his ears twitching one at a time consistently . After my brother told me what he noticed I bathed him immediately and then I bathed him immediately again after that and made sure I washed that stuff off . By now I know its in his blood stream and people have said there 's chemicals in this product which can affect your animal 's neurological system . Please read reviews online before purchasing this . I do n't know what to do . I feel so guilty for not researching about this product first .
 I purchased these treats because I had been satisfied with theAlaskan Bear Treats Wild-Alaskan Salmon Dog-Treat Nuggets with Blueberries , 8-Ounce Bag . Unfortunately , these are terrible . I received the package and it was half powder , half treats ! Plus , it has a horrible fishy smell . I would not reccommend these treats .
 Yes its a little cheaper online but you better be prepared to wait . For some odd reason they say it takes 2 weeks for them to be able to ship it out . I forgot and didnt order early enough and just had to order a bag on 5/11 and its 5/27 and still no cat food . Says it will be here June 2 . Thats nuts . Not sure I will order online anymore . Its worth an extra $ 5 to just buy from petco .
 Hermit crabs require much more in a habitat than enclosures like this offer!They come from tropical climates , and have modified gills that need a certain level of humidity -LRB- 75-85 % , depending on the species -RRB- to function properly . Notice the grate-like lid ? It is not able to keep the proper humidity ; one 's hand might get sore using that dinky spray bottle to maintain proper saturation . Despite their name , hermit crabs live in colonies , and need `` buddies '' to keep them company . It 's good to start with two of these fascinating crustaceans - better to start with three - so a ten , or even a twenty gallon glass aquarium with a hood is a much better way to start . About the only good thing about this is that , instead of gravel , it offers sand . Be sure to research proper hermit crab care before bringing any home !
 I agree with the previous review , this Habitat is not even remotely appropriate for Hermit crabs . Primarily because of the tiny size , but also because of venting that will make it impossible to keep the humidity high enough . Buy a 10 gallon aquarium for same price and spare your kids the heartbreak of their crabs dying from this product .
 This item is a total rip off ! I hate it . The first two rewviws are right.This item sould not be sold .
 I buy these Berry Drops for my rabbits all the time -LRB- they LOVE them ! -RRB- and saw this `` extra large '' box on Amazon Prime . Awesome ! ... Until I opened it and found out there were VANILLA drops inside , not wild berry . My rabbits wo n't touch the vanilla drops.So now I have an open box which I HOPE I can get a refund on . I 'm sure -LRB- I hope ?? -RRB- it 's just a simple packaging mistake because this seller has really high ratings . I 'll have to try again ...
 These pressed rawhides are NOT recommended for aggressive chewers . I have a bulldog that loves to chew ... and pressed rawhides have proven to be great for him . He would go through a typical rawhide bone in a few hours , and normal pressed rawhides will last him days.Not these though . After an hour or so of chewing the layers split apart , making the bone shrink dramatically in size AND creating a choking hazard for the dogs . These bones will last an average of 3 hours . We bought 25 of them thinking they would last us at least a month , and he was through them in a couple of weeks , with us having to throw out most of them because they split into pieces.We have one vendor that we usually purchase these from , but they were on backorder at the time and Simon needed his bones ! That 's why bought them elsewhere . Never again though . Now I know that not all pressed rawhide is the same !
 I 'm sure that Blue Buffalo can be a great dogfood because it 's holistic , but it was n't for us.We bought Blue Buffalo for our black lab boxer mix because we did research and , based on the millions of brilliant reviews and the company 's standards , it appeared amazing.An amazing disaster more like.Our poor pooch -LRB- and us , because we had to clean it up -RRB- had regular diarrhea episodes on this dog food , which smelled rancid . When she was n't having diarrhea , she was having a very loose stool and pooping a lot when she went on her walks . I thought I was because we bought her the healthy request , so I decided to try theBlue Buffalo Dry Dog Food , Lamb and Rice Recipe , 30-Pound Bag.That did n't help matters at all . After she had an accident in our kitchen , I decided to do research . I thought maybe she had a bug or something , since we did just get her from the pound a little over two weeks prior . Why would a dog food that was supposed to be the best be the culprit?Apparently , Blue Buffalo is a rich food that is n't tolerated by all dogs due to it being high in protein -LRB- regardless of flavor -RRB- . By typing in `` Blue Buffalo Loose Stool '' on Google , I got loads of hits from concerned dog owners of different breeds having the exact same issue.I switched our girl to Purina One Smartblend , and she loves it ... and no more stinky , loose poop !
 Second Bag of the product and my 10 year Lab is still experiencing problems with diarrhea . We switched to Blue Buffalo Weight Control because our Chocolate Lab was starting to put on weight with Pro Plan Large Breed . Seems to like eating the food but on his daily walks he has to stop 3 to 4 times from his normal on stop with the dropping always remaining consistent . The Vet informed us this is a common problem with this product.Maybe just his system but problem corrected days after changing his food only .
 I have a German Shepherd and a American bull mix . I decided to switch from Taste of the Wild dog food to this Blue Buffalo weight management . My American bulldog mix was getting overweight and i wanted to help her shed a few pounds using this food since the TOTW is pretty high in fat.The countless positive reviews on petsmart and mostly good on amazon had me sold . I really wish i had tried a different food now . I noticed both dogs stool was a little soft when i was gradually changing them over . Which i did n't think much of . Once i completely switched them over , it was probably the first night i was awoken to one of my dogs having terrible diarrhea on my carpet . -LRB- which is a lovely aroma to wake up to -RRB- She also threw up a couple times that day and the next as well . So i took her to the vet and everything was normal , the vet gave her some meds just in case it was a stomach bug . The next day my Shepherd starting having the same terrible diarrhea and went in the house . The food is the only thing that has changed with my dogs so i really have no doubt it is what has caused all of the problems . I 'm going to discontinue using this food immediately and probably go back to the TOTW . I would use this food with caution !
 October 8 , 2010 . The Blue Buffalo Company of Wilton , Connecticut has announced a dog food recall of certain batches of some of its popular products due to potentially toxic levels of vitamin D.My dog got extremely sick , and was very upset to hear of this . Only thing that changed with his diet/life was blue buffalo . I literally almost lost my dog last week and had to have in surgery because his gallbladder was about to explode . He quit eating completely , was throwing up , diarrhea , and took him to the vet to realize his liver was swollen and gallbladder had to come out . It 's sad to think you pay good money for dog food and you still could be feeding him poison . I do n't know how I will every trust dog food products anymore . Please make sure there is no recalls on food you are feeding your dog .
 First of all , the `` gain control '' formula is a true joke and has a very deceiving label !!!! One of my dogs gained more than 20 pounds in less than 6 months !!!!!! After 6 months , he could no longer hold the food down as he started vomiting the food and have watery diarrhea 4 to 5 times a day and he would start shaking because he could not hold the food in . We were so concerned that we took him right away to the vet and vet requested us to change his diet immediately . We did and his diarrhea stopped right away . Prior to giving him this food , he was healthy and then coincidentally , he started to have major health problems.Furthermore , we got him a companion dog in excellent health condition who was used to eating mainly dry food and we gave her some of this food and to determine whether this food just had an impact -LRB- or negative allergic reaction -RRB- on our first dog and whether she would be affected or not . Sure enough , same first day she ate her first bowl of this Buffalo brand food , she had diarrhea and she even woke us up at 2am the first night because she could not hold it anymore . She had diarrhea 6 times in just 24 hours . A side note on this dog , she has a strong stomach because prior to adopting her , the previous owners told us she eats just about anything from fruits , vegetables , different dry foods and her stomach does not get upset.After all this nightmare and realizing there is no quality at this Buffalo corporation , we now have started to give them real organic food made by us since we could no longer trust these dog food companies and our older dog has immediately lost the weight he gained thanks to that disgusting , toxic and cheap food . If you have ever watch the movie `` Food Inc '' and have realized what food is available for human beings , just imagine what type of food these dog food Corporations are selling to our dogs -LRB- babies -RRB- ! Now meal time with our home made food is their favorite time of the day , they absolutely love it and start jumping up and down something that never happened with any type of dry food . Today to our surprise , we found out that THIS PRODUCT IS BEING RECALL FOR CONTAINING TOXIC INGREDIENTS . We are shocked that by giving them this Buffalo food , we were putting in great danger the lives of our beloved dogs . If you really love your dog and he/she is truly part of your family , make him/her their own food to protect their health and life . Is really easy to make and does not take that much time . There are books in Amazon that guides you through the food dogs should and should not eat . Now our dogs eat real chicken , brown rice , veggies , and a spoon of organic multi-vitamin which we mix it all together when serving . This will not only make them happier , healthier , stronger , but also increase their lifespan.The info below will show you some of the reality and suffering of those who have fed their dogs with Buffalo food : truthaboutpetfood com / articles/more-worrisome-news - on-blue-buffalo-dog-food . html
 I bought 2 bottles of Duralactin . My dog would n't eat them , I called them and asked if , at least , they would take the unopened bottle back , and the answer was NO.i would never buy from this store again .
 I received this product and all the tablets were disintegrated . Not worth a penny ! They are all powder so you cant even give them to your dog . Do n't waste your money !
 My 91/2 year old lab/chow has been on this for 3 weeks now and so far I have not noticed any improvement . I have him on rymadyl ? for his hip and front paw and tried discontinuing it a few days ago , he seemed really miserable so I put him back on it . I will continue to keep him on this with the hope that I can stop the rymadyl and will update in a few weeks to let you know if I see any improvement . Also , he will not chew these so I break them up and put them in food.I also have put him on fish oil and glucosomine/condroitin pills.Update
 Delivery is way overdue . Apparently it has been shipped but I have not received anything . Supplier has pledged to re send the product . Hopefully I 'll be able to provide an actual product review shortly . Rated 1 star only because I had to .
 I 'd been giving my 13 year-old cat liquid Duralactin for 5 mos , an amazing product that helped her pain immensely and , in just 5 days , brought her sweet personality back after a bout of serious crankypants-itis . The liquid has been on backorder everywhere for quite some time ; I 've contacted the manufacturer twice over the last three months for an ETA , but they 'll only say `` sometime in the next few months . '' The mfg recommended the joint paste or capsules as options . Well , first I tried the paste and warn you , do n't be fooled by the name `` joint paste , '' it has added glucosamine but the active anti-inflammatory ingredients are severly reduced and it did nothing to help my cat 's pain and stiffness , not to mention the bad mood that has also returned . Money wasted . Then I bought capsules , which have the same amount of Mirolactin as the liquid but ZERO Omega 3/6s . AND , my cat vomited both days I added it to her food . Stopped it yesterday and , no surprise , there was no vomit today . Now using the one with L-lysine in it until the liquid is available again ; at least it has closer to the amount of active ingredients as the liquid , and is n't making her vomit . Hoping I can return the unused capsules , which was yet another waste of money .
 I read the reviews posted on this site and figured I 'd give Shed Stop a try . My wife and I have a black pug that sheds like crazy . So far we have been using the product for three months or so and have seen absolutely no change in the amount of shedding . We have hardwood and tile floors so we can easily see the hair our beloved pet leaves behind . Before using Shed Stop we would vacuum three times a week , now , after several bottles of this product my wife and I vacuum ... three times a week.We recently found out that my wife 's parents use Shed Stop on their very fluffy cat . They have decided to stop buying the product because they too have noticed no change in the shedding . Personally , I think they should just get rid of the cat -LRB- I 'm a dog guy myself -RRB- . Maybe this product works for some of you out there or maybe there are a bunch of people who work for the company planting fake reviews on the internet . I do n't know , but I do know this ; the stuff did n't work at all for us . I have to go now . It 's time to vacuum ... and then , I think I 'm going to wax my dog .
 I have used all three bottles acording to the directions , it did not even slow down the sheding at all that I can see . It was a waste of money . My dog loved the flavor but it smells like long dead fish , really bad .
 After searching high and low for something that would help my 5 year old black lab 's arthritis and elbow displasia I was convinced I had found the solution . I read countless reviews as to how wonderful this product was and how quickly it transformed the reviewer 's dogs back to a puppy-level of activity . I now am leery as to whom the actual writers of those reviews are . My dog has been taking these pills for nearly 6 weeks now and has shown ZERO improvement - in fact , I actually think that he has started limping more.I am thrilled if some of you have success and are able to help relieve your dogs pain - just wanted to be sure that potential buyers know that this does n't work for everyone . We are back to the drawing board I guess . Poor pup .
 I purchased this product as I was looking for a hinge . When I did a search , option showed up . I believed I was purchasing this entire set ; though I only needed the hinge . The only thing I received was the backstrip .
 To be fair , I ca n't really speak to the quality of this item , because I never received it . I placed my order on December 5th . I waited and waited , and it never shipped . Ten days later , on December 15 , I contacted the seller , asking if and when they were going to ship my item . No response . Three days later , on December 18 -LRB- one day after the delivery window according to the seller -RRB- , I wrote them again , saying if they did n't respond by December 20 , I was going to file a claim with Amazon . Still no response . Lo and behold , at 4:30 pm on December 20 , I receive a notice from Amazon that the seller cancelled my order as the item is out of stock . NO communication from the seller , and NO consequences from Amazon for their actions . DO NOT TRUST THIS SELLER .
 My dog is obsessed with fetching tennis balls so I wanted to teach her how to catch a frisbee . I figured something softer for her mouth would be good and based on other reviews this seemed durable . Unfortunately it took my 1 yr old cocker spaniel all of 15 minutes -LRB- no exageration -RRB- to chew through the edge where the rubber tubing is and shred this thing apart .
 Ordered a 36 '' and expected a 36 '' bulb but fixtures contains a 21 '' bulb . Not as described nor worth the money . Worthless to me ! Not worth returning , I guess that is how they steel your money $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
 This product actually only holds a 24 '' fluorescent bulb although that is never stated . They instead put a 24 '' bulb light inside a 36 '' surround . The advertising should be corrected to insure this does not occur to others .
 I ordered this because I needed a 36 '' light for my 36 '' tank . I was bummed that the bulb was only 24 '' but I didnt want to pay $ 80 or more for one with a 36 '' bulb.Now that I have the light Im REALLY bummed because when I put it on my 36 '' tank it was to short.I checked it with a tape measure and the fixture -LRB- plastic housing -RRB- is 34 & 3/4 '' long . A full 1 & 1/4 '' less than what I need and what its advertised as.So now I have to modify a brand new light that cost me just under $ 40 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- in order to use it the way I need to . If your looking for a 36 '' light that NEEDS to be 36 '' this isnt the one that you want.UPDATE ; I just recieved an email from OZBO the merchant that sold me this light . They offered to reimburse me for the light including shipping costs.I 'm both surprised and impressed , in my experience the customer pays the shipping.I 'm keeping the light its still less expensive than the others I looked at and I can make a couple of brackets to hold it the way I want to . With this type of customer service I would buy from OZBO again !
 The plastic housing is 36 '' the light itself is 24 '' bulb . Deceptive IMO and I will think twice before buying Aqueon products in the future .
 Cheap flimsy product . Waited almost three weeks and very disappointed . Bulb was defective had to spend another $ 20 to replace . Never again .
 Worked on our aquarium for about three months then just stopped . Not sure what went wrong . I will contact the seller and see if I can return it but that 's probably a long shot . Very frustrating.Update 9/27/12
 Like the previous reviewer , I am disappointed that the fixture did n't last longer . I will look elsewhere for the replacement .
 I purchased this and after 2 months the light bulb went out , so I just want to inform you on your purchase , be ready to buy another light bulb fast .
 1st off , the dragon fly is backwards from the picture . When I opened the box and set it up , I immedialtely thought the tail should face outwards like it shows . Instead it faces inside the bowl ... opposite of the picture . Also , DO N'T beleive it when they say it 's 10-1/2 '' diameter . It comes in a 9 '' square box . In reality , it 's about 8-1/2 '' diameter . They probably measure the diameter to include the dragonflys tail . . anyway it 's stupid small.wish I got a different birdbath.Lied to in Woodland .
 I gave this product a try TWICE . I did not want to try Angel Eyes . My mistake . I gave this two stars just because the sellers were kind . But it did not work AT ALL . If it works for your dog , then good . It did not work for mine . I will choose my own dietary supplements .
 PLEASE , please do not feed these treats to your dogs/cats . The company has not publicized the risk of blockage and choking , and 13 dogs have died as a result of ingesting Greenies . Try googling `` Greenies '' and `` blockage '' or `` death . '' This product is not safe for dogs.I was sent a free sample of the `` reformulated '' Greenie in the mail . The package claims the treat is `` easier to digest '' , so I gave the treat to my dog , a 100 pound weimaraner . I watched my dog chew the treat , and he chewed it appropriately , taking his time to chew the pieces into small , digestible chunks.The next day , my dog refused to eat or drink anything and vomited at least three times . He acted listless and lethargic all day , so that evening we called our vet . We told the vet that the last thing our dog ate was a Greenie . The vet informed us that Greenies are known to cause intestinal blockage in some cases . He suggested that we take him to the emergency vet clinic for advanced treatment.We took him to the emergency clinic for x-rays and diagnosis . The vet treated him with an anti-vomiting medication and told us to return if he continued to vomit . The cost of this visit was approximately $ 400 . The next day , we woke up to find our dog covered in bloody soft stool . He has had three bouts of diarreha in two hours , all of it soft and bloody . We called our vet and he told us that the dog was experiencing severe intestinal distress , which was causing the bloody stool . He suggested we give him water and return to the clinic in the early a.m.Thankfully , our dog passed the Greenie through his body . Had he not passed the Greenie , he would have required exploratory surgery , which my vet estimates will cost approximately $ 3,000 , depending on the nature of the blockage.The representation that the new , reformulated Greenie is `` easier to digest '' is patently false . Our dog properly chewed the Greenie , but yet the treat was still insoluble and indigestible . His ingestion of the Greenie caused serious health issues . These things are n't safe -- please do n't support this company or put your dog 's health at risk .
 I tried so hard to make these fit . My dog was great . I thought he may try to pull them off . He did n't . What did happen was the boots falling off his paws as he walked around for a very short period of time . Nothing seemed to work . I measured his paws as was instructed . They just keep falling off .
 I put the dog boots on my golden retriever and they fit fine . My only problem was that I purchased them so my dog would n't slide across the wood floors , but the boots have no traction for wood floors . I will try using non-slip socks next .
 search for these somewhere else ... you can buy at least 3 sets for this price !
 I ordered this product on Friday morning , paid for one day delivery , but did not get it until Wednesday . When the light strip arrived , the material is so cheap the plastic literally breaks off in your hand . It was way overpriced , it was worth about $ 5.00 instead of the $ 40.00 I paid.The 36 inch light strip has one , 24 inch light bulb that barely puts out any light . The product description failed to mention it had just one bulb that was 12 inches shorter than the strip itself . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I have two of these on my 150 gallon . Cheap . I guess better than nothing but worth maybe $ 10 each . The hood is actually 34.5 '' and the bulb is a 24 '' T8 120v 17w 8,000 k. Not quite junk but I 've already ordered something better .
 This leash is made poorly and it arrives looking like it was left in the sun . The Cowboys logo is almost yellowish . Not happy with it at all . Shipping was awful too .
 what a joke ! I get an extra small dog collar and I need a large one . I call and ca n't understand the foreign customer rep , but am told if I do n't want to pay return shipping , I can go to a Petco and return it for a store credit . Ha ! I ordered it online from here because I did n't want to go to the store in the first place . Wo n't be getting anything from Petco again !
 I have just received my order for 12 months supply of Program White for dogs 46-90 labs , @ $ 73.50 plus $ 5.65 shipping.The two 6-month packs , which arrived by US Mail , were obviously just tossed loose into an oversized flat padded envelope which clearly provided inadequate protection for the contents . The large outer envelope was undamaged , but the two packs of Program were severely crushed , the boxes bent and folded to the extent that they can not even be closed up again . Yes , the damage no doubt occurred in handling by the Post Office , but would not have happened if the order had been properly packaged by Entirely Pets in the first place - for example , in a * box * such as are readily available from the Post Office . Fortunately , the pills themselves appear to be unbroken , but only because the manufacturer provides a sturdy card with separate covered cells for the pills.I have used this particular product with good results for years . This was my first order with Entirely Pets , but I purchase a significant amount of dog and cat meds and supplies on line and have never encountered such a problem with other vendors . I am sorry to say I will be reluctant to take another chance with Entirely Pets .
 I have used the pill by this brand but this was an oral liquid that in my opinion was totally ineffective and I did use it in combination with the capstar pill . I Will never buy the oral liquid again , big waste of alot of money !
 My cats have fleas . I 've been treating for two months now with this thinking that it would save me a little bit of money but it turned out to be a huge waste of money . Invest an extra $ 10 and get frontline or advantage , you 'll be really glad you did . My cats had no problem ingesting the cream , mix it with some super stinky wet food and their glutinous appetites devoured it in under a minute . I could see how it would be hard to get a finicky cat to eat this stuff though , it smells like chemicals I 'm sure it does n't taste that great .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY TWO CATS AND IT DID NOTHING FOR THIER FLEA PROBLEM . ENDED UP BUYING ADVANTAGE , WHICH I SHOULD HAVE DONE IN THE FIRST PLACE , OH , WELL LIVE AND LEARN .
 This is the worse product I have ever used in my life . It did n't help my cat with fleas at all . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 We have used frontline for cat and the capstar tablets which worked great . This product did n't seem to do anything at all . Next time frontline liquid .
 The description said `` oral suspension '' which I took to mean in pill form . It turns out to be a liquid that has to mixed into a cat 's canned food . Very messy and the cat did n't want to eat it .
 I ordered a large -LRB- which is supposed to have a 1 '' opening -RRB- . The opening is actually 3/4 '' and this makes a tremendous difference . This shell is so small . I laughed when I opened it . The shell our hermit crab is in now is 3x the size . You are better off buying in person so you can see what you are getting - or better yet , go to the beach !
 The description includes this quote : `` Product Dimensions
 I bought this crate for a new puppy about 6 months ago . It has a couple of features that are nice . The rubber feet are great for damping down noise and saving the floor , and the multiple doors are great for reaching in from the top , etc. . But I 've stopped using it because it 's so flimsy . The rounded corners are part of the front and back panels , and do n't line up with the sides at all . On my crate , which is 25 inches high , there 's just a single hook in the middle holding the side to the front , and there are 1 inch gaps at the top and bottom . Also , the back , which is designed to fold into the crate for storage , has such a shallow catch at the top that it actually fell into the crate onto the puppy a couple of times.This could be a nice crate if all the pieces fit together better , and had much better joins between the pieces , but as it is , I think it 's dangerous .
 I have this product for my dog , it appeared sturdy however my husky easily bent the wire in multiple places , was able to undo the latch and was found with her head squished between open joints , This product was not well welded or assembled . I contacted the company and they were less than caring or helpful and stated `` dogs are strong '' . I 've also found sites in which other dogs have met their unfortunate end due to this poorly made product . If you care about your pet avoid this product like the plague .
 i have 2 dogs who r both under 75lbs and within 2 weeks the bottoms of both the brand new creats split ... my dogs are not in them for more than 6 hours a day . I 'm disgusted with them !!
 Our 3 month old puppy -LRB- lab/boxer mix -RRB- bent the bars , ultimately removing many completely . The problem is that with the many doors , it makes several places on the cage very vulnerable to this .
 I put this behind the front seats in my xtended cab pickup truck . My standard poodle just climbed right over it . Since then , the material is tearing where the metal stays are poking through . Might work for a small dog , but not mine .
 This backseat barrier kept my dogs from coming up front for about one hour , until they figured out that they could just easily jump right over the top of it . This might work for a very little dog , or a car with an extremely low ceiling , or a dog that does n't have much desire to make its way into the front seat , but I 'm not sure why you would need this in the first place if your dog was n't constantly trying to jump into the front while you are driving . I thought this was going to be the answer to all of my dog transporting problems , but it is just a waste of money .
 Buyer beware . The pictures shown are not what you get ! You do get a Kurgo backseat barrier but it is the one on their website . I have yet to install it , so I do n't know if it works for me yet .
 My dog jumped right over the top . We have a very active shelty . Did n't use till we went on a trip , too late to return .
 Let me add my voice to those who say that these things are worthless ! It took my three month old puppy less time to run over this `` barrier '' than it took me to install it ! What a ripoff !
 I had a hard time getting this to stay in place , my dog jumped right over it . It may have worked better on a vehicle with larger seats .
 i did not like it the instructions were confusing and there were way too many pieces that looked alike
 We take our terrier everywhere in our Grand Cherokee . When we leave him in the car to job or eat , he hops in the front seat . He is a major shedder and likes to leave imprints on the car windows with his nose . This device was difficult to attach . It took a number of tries to find a way to fasten the lower parts . Biggest problem , however , was the ease with which our dog found ways to go through the barrier when we left him in the car . It worked well to prevent him from climbing onto the center console while we were driving .
 While the main portion of the barrier is well made , it 's too short and flimsy to keep my Border Collies and Golden Retreiver from jumping on top and over it . The upper netting wo n't stay in an upright position , partially because the two stabilizer bars holding it up broke the stitching holding them in place , so they are now useless . Get the Outward Hound version for less than ten bucks and save some money .
 I bought this because it said it could seprate the back seat . Well it does n't I went to Kurgo actual site and they do not claim to have a model like that . Complete waste of my time installing and money . I reccomend doing more research before purchaseing this .
 this product is not only difficult to install it also does n't work . My lab jumped over it with no problem . It just makes it harder to get him back in the back seat .
 I bought this crate for a new puppy about 6 months ago . It has a couple of features that are nice . The rubber feet are great for damping down noise and saving the floor , and the multiple doors are great for reaching in from the top , etc. . But I 've stopped using it because it 's so flimsy . The rounded corners are part of the front and back panels , and do n't line up with the sides at all . On my crate , which is 25 inches high , there 's just a single hook in the middle holding the side to the front , and there are 1 inch gaps at the top and bottom . Also , the back , which is designed to fold into the crate for storage , has such a shallow catch at the top that it actually fell into the crate onto the puppy a couple of times.This could be a nice crate if all the pieces fit together better , and had much better joins between the pieces , but as it is , I think it 's dangerous .
 I have this product for my dog , it appeared sturdy however my husky easily bent the wire in multiple places , was able to undo the latch and was found with her head squished between open joints , This product was not well welded or assembled . I contacted the company and they were less than caring or helpful and stated `` dogs are strong '' . I 've also found sites in which other dogs have met their unfortunate end due to this poorly made product . If you care about your pet avoid this product like the plague .
 i have 2 dogs who r both under 75lbs and within 2 weeks the bottoms of both the brand new creats split ... my dogs are not in them for more than 6 hours a day . I 'm disgusted with them !!
 Our 3 month old puppy -LRB- lab/boxer mix -RRB- bent the bars , ultimately removing many completely . The problem is that with the many doors , it makes several places on the cage very vulnerable to this .
 If you have ever had any sensitivity to fragrances like me , you tend to avoid chemical cleaners , which use fragrances in abundance . I use plant based cleaners in my house because I ca n't handle them . I purchased Arm & Hammer Pet Fresh for my carpet because I know that the company usually is fairly decent at putting products out there that people can safely use.I have no `` beef '' with Arm & Hammer . I actually called their medical emergency line and spoke with an employee , who was very polite and concerned , so he could document my case to warn other people that could potentially have a life threatening reaction as I did . I can still use their regular , non scented baking soda , which is an excellent product . I would recommend regular baking soda for getting rid of odors on your carpets if you are sensitive to fragrances or have asthma ... instead of Pet Fresh.It took a few days to figure out exactly why I was having difficulty breathing , then the feeling of someone sitting on your chest , then complete weakness , lethargy and such shallow breathing as to have no lung capacity . Eventually I stood up , which felt better than the weight of my own chest and realized that I could no longer take a breath . I could not inflate my lungs . I had such shallow breathing that I felt faint , and had feinted earlier in the day . At this point I went to the emergency room , where I was at from 1:30 am to 6 am , with no Health Insurance . I ca n't wait to get the bill ... If you are a normal person with no sensitivities , you will likely have no problems with this product . My fianc&eacute; had no reaction to it . I am simply putting this out there to warn anyone with any history of sensitivity to fragrances or even mild asthma . Do not use this product if you have children , pets , or anyone in your house that already has documented asthma or fragrance sensitivities , or seek the opinion of your doctor or veterinarian regarding putting this type of fragrance in all of the carpets in your home.If you are reading this and have had difficulty breathing and you have recently used this product go to Arm & Hammer 's website and contact their Medical Emergency line AFTER you have sought medical treatment . 1-888-234-1828 . If you feel weight on your chest , shallowness of breathing , dizziness or you feel you are losing consciousness , go to the Emergency Room , or call 911 . After you have sought medical treatment ... Keep the package long enough to have someone -LRB- NOT YOU-don ' t even touch the box -RRB- document the UPC code and lot number for Arm & Hammer 's research-then get it OUT of your house and have someone clean your carpet -- without fragrances or chemicals.I was prescribed a type of Prednisone , an inhaler and given an oxygen treatment . After taking the medicine , inhaler and having my fianc&eacute; clean all of my carpets -LRB- DO NOT DO THIS YOURSELF -RRB- and tossing the product I can finally breathe again . I could not sleep for two days during this episode because it felt like I would stop breathing in my sleep . I hope that this helps someone out there that can not figure out why they are having symptoms like this.The only reason we figured out it was this product , is that we had to determine what had changed in the environment of our home . This wound up being it . As it was several days later when the symptoms became their worst , and my lungs and bronchial tubes had gotten very swollen , it was n't as simple to come to the conclusion . I thought it might have been antibiotics I was taking ... but I had been on them for a week , and they are not making me react now.I used an inhaler about ten years ago , for some summer allergies and have not used it since , so I do not have an especially even notable case of past asthma . It would be logical to assume that anyone with documented asthma may have a similar or more severe reaction.I am not a medical professional , and the advice I am giving is purely from my own experience . Consult your own physician for medical advice.Be Well .
 So it 's obviously a disgusting habit that many puppies go through . I 've read up as to why they do it whether it be lack of nutrients in their diet , or too rich of nutrients . I 've also read that dogs can ` eat their poop ' due to boredom , etc. . I picked this product because I was able to get it fast , and because it has a money back guarantee . Long story short , I have a Chocolate Lab and he does not like eating these tablets , so I have to break them up into 4 pieces and mix them with his food and hope he does n't pick around them . Regardless , I 've been using these tablets for almost a month now and he still comes back with poop breath . I guess I 'll just keep trying other products until I find something that works , because it 's embarrassing to tell someone not let my dog lick them because he 's a little poop eater . Maybe it 'll work with your dog , but it sure did n't work with mine .
 One of my dogs ate the tablets eagerly , the other dog refused to eat it . Ca n't really tell if it makes a difference .
 The collar kept stretching out , only had it a week and it would constantly stretch out to the largest size possible for it . Eventually would fall off ... then the pup chewed it up ... oh well , I 'll get a walmart one next time
 My pup loves this item.But I was disappointed . The advertising is deceptive . The picture for the product shows two of the kneecaps and it is not shown in the packaging . It says that the items are 3-4 inches each . Farther down the page , it says that the item is 8 oz . It never says how many there are . The advertising implies that there are 2 kneecaps that are 3-4 inches each . Wrong ! You get one kneecap for $ 6.00 . Finally , the ad says that it weighs 8 oz , the package says 2.5 oz and the actual weight is 6 oz.I will not buy another Jones product for my animal and will be very cautious when purchasing anything from NYC Pet Supply and fulfilled by Amazon.You can buy Ranch Reward 5 pack for $ 9.99 -LRB- $ 1.99 ea -RRB- here at Amazon . That will be my next purchase .
 These feeding buckets are not as pictured in the photos , handles are very different and the quality is poor . I returned them all .
 My dog developed a rash after a couple of sprays . The itch from the rash was worst than the original hot spot .
 I like the idea of a simple tag I can write on , and it has a reflector , but the plastic chipped within a day of my pets playing together . Tyhe paper and the plastic were scratched-the paper was unreadable .
 This is my second review . First one has disappeared . Received this is box where both bottles were wide open . Caps were on bottom of box and half of pills were laying loose in box . Powder from pills over everything . Bottles looked like they were never sealed or had been opened . Found same product on another site $ 5.00 cheaper even with shipping and delivered promptly .
 I have a greyhound who will eat anything . He will not eat this product . I have to bury it under peanut butter on a chunk of bread to get it down his throat.I will not buy this again .
 Thumbs up to Entirely Pets for delivering promptly . Unfortunately , the product will not be used as part of my cat 's therapy even though the vet prescribed it.For starters , my cat is an anaemic diabetic and the 2nd ingredient after water is SUGAR . The 3rd igredient is SORBITOL . Even healthy cats should avoid such ingredients . Trusting my vet , I gave her some , anyway . For starters , she did not accept the taste and I struggled dispensing . Then , she behaved unusually . After ingesting , she took on a strange wide-awake , yet catatonic , behavior , where she would lie down , head on the floor , staring into space , in a sleeping position -- but eyes wide as a saucer -- something I never saw my cat do before . It was just weird . I decided to sample its taste to see why she hated taking it so much . I dabbed a MICRO dot from the cap onto my finger . The tiniest dab one can imagine , and yes , it was gross , but the alarming part was how it made me feel after a few minutes . My equilibrium was off . I felt like I could unpredictably fall while walking . However , I was alert . Then , I understood why my cat was immobilized and wide awake at the same time . Maybe it was a bad batch . Maybe it just did n't agree with EITHER of us . Generally , just be wary of sugar/sweeteners in ALL pet vitamins , but in this one especially , the energy the IRON and B VITAMINS are supposed to deliver just may be upstaged by the SUGAR HIGH . My vet suggested cutting the dose in half if I was concerned about the sugar . She is diabetic , so I cut it out altogether . Instead , I bought another iron supplement and b vitamins elsewhere -- without sugar.Hopefully , Amazon will start to list exact ingredients , in general , as found on labels -- especially the mg . or mcg . contents of each vitamin .
 i will never buy from this Company again i ordered a Pink Kennel with the Gray . not so the color the send me is pink . besit that i found one here in Town for $ 20.00 cheaper.an at is Pink an bigger . the Picture the show lookslike a nice size . but at is so small . none of my Little Dogs wanted . the cant move around at all in there . all i can say for the Price the charge me its a rip off . the Door on at is so flimsy . an after i got at . i send severalE Mail.an i got no respond . no Service after the sale you some thing . i will tell all my Friends never to buy from this Company . the do not care once you buy somthing an find out , at is not what i bought.you do not get any returning Customer if you do them wrong
 I bought 3 NFL collars , one for each dog . None of them lasted . The NFL collars are thin and have cheap plastic pieces . The Raiders collar was a goner in two days , the Browns collar lasted a week , and the Seahawks collar lasted three . Perhaps it 's a preview of the upcoming season ! Do n't waste your money .
 Set it up and turned it on . Power light came on , but the motor did not move . Returned it and awaiting refund . I had one of these earlier which served me well for almost 5 years and so wanted to try my luck on this model vs. the Elite.The only positive
 Pros : While it lasted , it was pretty nice because it virtually eliminated the cat box odor in the house most of the time -LRB- except of course when it was time to empty the bin -RRB- . Cons : First of all , the privacy tent was a piece of junk . The pole supports are made of plastic and can snap easily - mine lasted 1 day . I later found that due to the frequency of which I needed to reach in with the scoop to redistribute litter would have had me removing the tent constantly anyways.I found that the box itself was VERY picky about litter level . A fraction of an inch too low , and the clumps will lock right on to the bottom of the pan . A fraction of an inch too high , and the rake will fall into an obnoxious back-and-forth `` I think I can , but I ca n't '' cycle that will have you running to the box to stop the rake , and trying to figure out how to scoop out a cup or so of slightly-less-than-fresh litter . Not only that , but cats have a tendency to keep mounding the litter up over their little presents , so even if the litter was at that magic perfect level before the cat got in , it 's not going to stay that way for long.The plastic bin containers are flimsy and really not worth wasting money to buy them over and over again . I followed the practice of many other LitterMaid owners and lined the bin with doubled-up plastic grocery bags so that I could simply lift , tie , and toss when it got full . I 'm not sure why they did n't just make the ` bin ' bit with hard plastic like the rest and market custom fit plastic bags for it instead -LRB- heck , they could 've even gone with the scented bags - that 's something I may 've bought -RRB- . Biggest low point of all - this did n't even last for a full year . Eventually something went wrong with the rake mechanism where the ` teeth ' or something were not catching properly , so the rake would move half an inch at a time - moving and then sitting there doing nothing but make noise until I put my hand in to gently urge it on its way . I almost considered purchasing a newer model , but with $ 100 + price tags I just ca n't take the chance that I 'd have to buy yet another one next year , or even the year after , because a litter box is just not worth that sort of recurring expense.I 've now switched to the Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box and so far am finding that having to occasionally go roll the box back and forth and empty a tray is far more convenient than having to constantly monitor litter levels and keep the litter smoothed out so that some wimpy motor can handle pulling a rake through it .
 We 've owned a `` regular '' LitterMaid box for years and have not had many complaints ... It recently decided to only run when it wants so we figured we 'd replace it ... It was really hard to find the product -LRB- larger size since we have more than one fur-baby -RRB- anywhere in stock , so I did a lot of surfing and reading and checking.Took the advice of about 95 % of folks who 've purchased the newer design -LRB- which seems to be a FAIL -RRB- , and found the `` old '' design on Amazon . Was excited and ordered.Received the box within a week and thought it looked a bit `` repackaged '' ... . hm ... . no original outer box with graphics , just a plain cardboard wrap -LRB- honestly think the litter-box is refurbished -RRB- ... . Anyhoo ... . plugged the unit in and -LRB- insert drum-roll here -RRB-
 I have arthritis in my hands and wrists that makes scooping very painful at times . When I saw that Amazon had these boxes for $ 40 less than even Wal-Mart I figured now was the time to buy and save my hands . No such luck . :-LRB- My hands hurt worse now because I had to wrestle with a tent that showed up ripped , uses plastic support poles that snap if you have the nerve to try to put them in the sockets they are supposed to go in and seems about two sizes too small for the framework.I 'd like to say that at least the box works great but I honestly have no clue how it works since mine says it 's getting power but wo n't run through a cycle . . at all ... ever ! The rake does n't move . Does n't even try to move . Tried every outlet in the house . Tried brand new batteries . Tried doing the reset I found on line . You name it and nothing will make this thing work so now I 'm left scooping a self scopping box until Littermaid customer service is open again and decides what to do about this.Sadly , I ordered two and the other is n't here yet , not even going to open the box just send it back asap for a refund.Total disappointment !!!! * edit * The second box arrived today . Unable to get rake moving here either . I wonder if it 's the product or the distributor at this point . :-LRB- Get errors everytime I try to contact their customer serivce via email , no #s available so this goes back like the other . Too bad really could have used these .
 Item was received defective from seller and I was told I would have to deal directly with Littermaid . Littermaid sent me a litter box two weeks later which was also defective . Littermaid then gave me problems when I called and advised them that the litter box they sent me also did not work . Littermaid 's customer service is horrible !! One month later , I am still without an automatic litter box . Would not recommend .
 We purchased this to help keep the chickens from pecking each other . It did not stop the pecking behavior . It may work better on other large mammals .
 I must say this stuff does seem to work well ... My issue is I think there should be a warning on the label ... I can see this might be great for outdoor farm animals and such , but indoor dogs ? This stuff stains blue like crazy -LRB- yes maybe I should have though harder about ` Blue Coat ' -RRB- , and it is still on some of my dogs skin 2 weeks later ! It does not dry fast as indicated , and it could possibly leave spots all around your house if you 're not careful ... Like I said , this could be considered partially my fault , but a little warning would have been nice ... I wish they could make this stuff clear , then i would rate it 5 stars -LRB- and buy it again -RRB-
 I bought two of these bowls for my Terrier 's cage and I ca n't get over how cheaply made they are . I guess you get what you pay for . When I attempted to tighten the wing nut down it bent the piece of metal that clamps on the outside of the cage like it was paper . When I got home from work I found the bowl and ring on the floor and the dog had managed to swallow the wing nut . I think these bowls would work a lot better if the pieces that grip the cage had some sort of texture to allow them to grip the cage , instead it 's just two smooth pieces of metal . If it 's not tight enough the ring holding the bowl moves easily or comes off all together , and as stated before , if you tighten it too tight , it just bends and makes it less stable .
 I have been through a couple of these devices now . When brand new , they seem to do the job , but after a few months they just seem to give up . Even with a fresh battery , it seems like the motion sensor stops functioning . And I live in a very mild climate with little rain , so I ca n't blame the weather . In general , the CatStop feels light and flimsy for the price , rather than a solid piece of engineering . So if you decide to use this approach to keep cats off your lawn , budget on replacing at least twice a year - plus a string of replacement 9v batteries .
 I put one of these in one of my flower beds and for awhile , I thought it was working . But now I see the cats are up to their usual . It appears , the cooler weather reduced the stench . Unfortunately , I ca n't use the Scarecrow units in this location so my last hope is to put in those plants that supposedly , cats do n't like.Two stars because it may have reduced the amount I get each night . Please , someone invent something that makes cats leave their mountains all over their owner 's property .
 When they are brand new they seem to work . I have 5 cat stops . They all fill up with water when it rains . I have duct taped the battery compartment and they still fill up with water and short out and corode the battery.THIS IS NOT A QUALITY PRODUCT
 I have two cats . I have been trying to keep a neighbor cat out of my yard -- the little trouble maker . I purchased this and installed it in the usual passage . 10 minutes later -- the cat is in my backyard fighting with one of mine . So much for that.Then , I decided to try it on my own cats and see if they flinched or ` anything ' . Set it off -- pointed right at them . True their ears did perk a bit -- but no running away or look of anguish -- nothing . Just -- oh , dad 's got a new squeaky toy.Useless .
 My dear old neighbor began feeding the neighborhood 's feral cats a few years ago and since then , sloppy stinky little kitty poo piles are occasionally left on my lawn for me and my dog to step on . On the plus side , she , her husband and vet daughter trap the cats , get them fixed and dewormed . In some cases , they get new homes . In others , they 're released to the suburban wild.With high hopes , I placed this device facing an 8 foot wide corridor where I often see cats crossing my lawn . It trips when my 50 lb dog or I walk past . Last night I watched a cat slink past about 6 feet in front and , to my disbelief , it did n't go off ! I adjusted the aim of the motion sensor to better cover the lower airspace that felines occupy and will keep an eye on it . If it does n't work , I will have to set up a network of the scarecrow water sprayers along known yard-turned-litter spots instead .
 I have had cats pooping in my front garden for awhile , so I was excited when I received my Contech Catstop and put it outside , and for the first two days there was no cat poop ! I thought my problems were solved . That was until I came outside on day three to see a huge mound within three feet of the Catstop . After that , the cats would poop right next to it , in front of it , behind it , they had absolutely no respect for it at all . Also , the thing eats up batteries like crazy . Do n't bother wasting your time or money . Although the vendor was very receptive , it just is not worth it .
 I bought two of these , hoping to keep the cats out of my yard . Unfortunately , the did n't work . The sensor on one was set off only if you walked directly in front of it from one ange , so the cats were easily able to avoid it , and the other one did n't work . Other reviewers have said that the company is agreeable about exchanging , though .
 Bought 2 , what a joke . A cat walked up to the first one approx 5 foot away . Red light came on . cat just looked at it . Second one a cat actually walked up to it and looked at it , no more than a foot away , red light came on , cat just stared at it . There is 1 hour of my life I will never get back . Product should be removed from shelves everywhere .
 There was a fresh load of cat poop deposited directly in front of the unit on the morning after the first night the unit was activated . I pictured the cat mewing `` neener neener neener '' as he did the deed . Perhaps it was one of those `` old and deaf '' cats that the small print says is not influenced by the ultrasonic blast . Bottom line
 We did everything we were supposed to do and purchased two for our front lawn to triangulate the coverage . We tried it out on our cats first -LRB- the goal was to keep neighbor cats from hanging out under the bird feeder looking for an easy meal -RRB- - our cats had no interest or care or concern but our dog was TERRIFIED and hated it.Great.We gave it a go anyway - and one of them got a nasty whitish something or other all in the battery compartment and stopped working rather quickly . They run through batteries in no time and plugging it in is ridiculous for us unless we want to run a wire across our lawn.Complete waste of money for us . Do n't make the same mistake .
 Bought two of these to keep neighbor hood strays away , from crapping in my flower beds and in the yard where my six year old daughter plays.I bought these as a last resort trying to be courtious , and not to harm these extremely ignorant beasts.Well , now I 've counted six cats in the yard still doing the deed , I even took a picture of one laying less than 10 feet from this stupid device , yeah some deterrent , THANKS for ripping me off , guess it would have been alot cheaper , to SHOOT THEM , HUH !?
 Based on word of mouth and online shopping descriptions of this product , a co-worker of mine bought one -LRB- not through Amazon -RRB- to stop cats from doing their business in his lawn and garden , which is also my problem for the last 2 years with neighborhood stray cats.The unit did NOT work in preventing cats doing their business in my co-worker 's lawn and garden . The product description states a 20-feet range , which really wo n't cover much of your standard lawn unless you buy 4 + of these.He let me try the unit , and it also did NOT work for me . I was planning to buy 3 through Amazon , but I am glad I did not.We strongly do NOT recommend this product .
 I hate sending things back . I recieved a `` Bark free , '' not a `` cat stop . '' Oh well . How many of us have not messed up ?
 This is junk . It does not in anyway detect any movement beyond 4 feet . A waist of money . Buy a gun instead . A true cat deterrent.Lame !
 I bought two of these . The cats were using my raised garden boxes as litter boxes made just for them ! So , my wife got an idea and bought them . Waste of money . They dont care once they get used to them ! Best thing to do is put up the plastic fabric fencing around your garden . Btw the battery does ` nt last long either . Also anything like dirt or rain affects they units and renders them useless and inoperative unless checked and cleaned often . Ultrasonic gimmick , save money buy some 4 foot plastic fencing and put it up instead.Ultrasonic Motion Sensing Animal Repeller - 300000045
 I bought this hoping it would help . Nontheless , it 's not worth the money I paid . Would not buy another .
 I bought 2 a month ago.I repositioned them a couple times . And watched the several stray cats in my yard walk right in front of them and even lay down within inches of them ! At least the company will take them back . Must be a common occurance ... Of course I have to pay shipping .
 Its sensor is very sensitive . You can place it in your walkway , kitchen , or bedroom . The stick below the deive can be removed . People can not hear its ultrasound . So , do not worry it will wake you up in the night.I like this device , but , it does not work on my kitten . My kitten can stand about 1 '' in fornt the `` cat stop '' after it is activated . My kitten just IGNORE it . It may work on other cat , but not on my cat . Too bad!According to its reviews , it works on about 50 % of cats . Give it a try , it is a very good produce if it works for you . Good luck !
 I purchased this product to keep several cats out of my flower bed . It does n't work . All of the cats are still using my flower bed for their bathroom . I am left to scare them away when I am at home . I have noticed all of the same cats using my flower bed and I have moved the device to different places in the flower bed without any effect on the cats .
 The CatStop came quickly and in good condition . It was easy to set up.However , it was more effective as entertainment than a deterrent for the neighbor cats . At first they learned to just stay just at the edge of its range so as not to trigger it . Then they must have gotten used to it because they learned to sit right in front of it , under the bird feeders , etc. . Totally worthless .
 Set it up in my kids ' sandbox last night . This morning there was a great big cat poop buried in the sand right in front of it . Perhaps I should have invested in a .22 caliber rifle instead .
 For years now I 've been trying to find a better way to keep cats from peeing and spraying in front of my door . A wash of lemon-scented suds slows them down for about a week , depending on the weather , but it 's messy and it 's a bother.Which is why I was so excited to find CatStop . According to the directions , I could set the gizmo and be done with it ! It seemed logical , even magical , that a zap of ultra-sound should do the trick . When it came in the mail , I was like a kid at Christmas . I gave it a brand new battery and tested it with a wave of my hand . Perfect ! Then I stuck it in the grass and sat down to wait for a cat to set it off.It did n't take long . The calico next door crossed its beam , it chirped and I expected to see her jump and run . Instead she set out to investigate . It took her about five stops and starts to get to the box , flinching every time it chirped , but she kept on coming . When she touched it with her nose , I did n't know whether to laugh or cry.But I consoled myself with the thought that maybe female cats are by nature more curious . And since the cats peeing and spraying were most likely male , there was still a chance it could work . The next day I moved the magic box to another spot in the grass and hunkered down to wait for a visit from one of the half-dozen or so Toms that roam the backyard.Again , it did n't take long . The box chirped , the cat stopped in his tracks , ears back . He seemed positively irritated by the sound -- a good sign ! But like the calico , he could n't resist checking out the box that was making the noise . He started again , the box went off , he stopped . He started , the box went off , he stopped . And so it went , until he touched the thing with his nose . At which point I went inside to find out how to get my money back.Now I do n't want to say that Contech is exaggerating or that you 'd be a fool to try the thing for yourself . Maybe the cats in my neighborhood are just too mellow or too savvy to be unhinged by this chirp-in-a-box . But as for me , I 'm back to using the lemon-scented Lysol to keep the critters off my porch . It 's a bother but at least it works .
 The cats now congregate directly in front of the CAT002 to have meetings . It does n't work at all .
 Does n't work . Bought it to keep cats off my car . Installed it right at hood level . Does n't even faze the cats . They 'll walk right up to it when it 's on . I even have it plugged in to AC so there 's no issue with battery life . Maybe it works for others but not for us .
 I am having the problem with my neighbor cats , I bought one unit and tried out , I saw the cat walk away when she came very close to the unit , then I decided to bought one more after a week I tried my first unit but it too bad , after a month , the cat clean herself right in front of the unit , then I thought the unit ran out of battery even I hear the sound when I walk by the unit and replaced with the new one but too bad , same thing happen .
 i bought this unit in 2007 . it stop working in 2008 . it seem to work for the most part . but i give it 1 star because it is so unreliable.i paid $ 60 for this unit in 2007 .
 I purchased this product with an expectation that it would stop all the cats from coming to my backyard killing the birds . The night was on whenever it sensed the motion . I believed the unit was working properly . However , the cats just simply ignored it . They even sat in front of the unit . No impact on the cats at all .
 It has n't worked for us . We got it to keep the neighbors cat out of the kids sandpile.But the cat walks right in front of it to get to his favorite spot in the sandpile . We were disappointed that it did n't work .
 Zero stars ! Five stars for the thumbs-down icon . Like so many other review writers -LRB- suckers for good copy like me -RRB- ... the CatStop did n't stop the ferel cats that use my property as their grand toilette ! A FOR SALE sign would n't cost $ 50 ... What 's amazing
 Does not work at all . Cats are still all over my cars , they will even sit in front of the unit . I can see and hear it activate and the cats are not phased by it .
 I bought 2 of these last year and deployed one in the car port to keep my cats off the car . It seems to work if you do n't mind replaceing the 9V battery every 3 weeks or so.I placed the second one inside a bedroom door at floor level to keep the kitten out of the baby 's room . The kitten loves the unit 's sound and light show so much she always checks it out before entering the room.It 's a well made unit but performance is poor . Save your money .
 Unfortunately this product does not work . I have tried it in numerous locations and the cat -LRB- s -RRB- just blatantly ignore it . I am very disappointed in this product .
 Sorry to say , this was a total waste of money . For a couple weeks we discovered the range is only less than feet and you had to be tall or a person to set this off . The cats walk right by one foot away , once in awhile it will click and a light will go off -LRB- suppose tohave a high pitch sound that will scare cats , do n't know -RRB- However , the cat looks at it for a second and continues on .
 This product does n't work do n't buy it ! if you have bought it make sure that you return it before 30 days otherwise the company wo n't issue you a refund and your stuck with a cat deterrent that is n't worth a crap .
 Product does trigger as expected and the red light goes on . But then I tried this on a real live cat . The cat was not bothered by the sound even after we triggered it multiple times . Cat just played with it . How is this expected to repel feral cats ?
 It does not seem to work ? Moved it to different spots but cats still a problem .
 These only effectively works once or twice on a cat , then the cat is n't phased by it . Also the effective range is about 5 feet . Not a product worth getting .
 Sorry to say it did n't work!The setting is only one frequency.My cats walked right in front of it with no effect . Only one of my cats responded and it was because she was younger , and I assume , had better hearing.On the other hand the `` The Garden Creations JB5028 Ultrasonic Cordless Pest Repeller '' , worked very well and had a number of frequencies to pick from . If one freq did n't work , I was able to pick another until it did work .
 We have a problem with stray cats . We set up 2 CatStops at each main entry the cats use to get in our yard . They have not worked at all , the cats have actually started peeing on the unit . They need new batteries about once per week . Deffinetly a waste of money .
 She loves when the red light goes off . As soon as it turns on she runs right to it to give it a big hug . Great toy for cats but does not work .
 The thing works just fine , but the device claims to last up to nine months on a single battery . I am currently changing the battery at a rate of once every 7-14 days ... My first clue was seeing a cat standing right in front of it and not flinching . Turned out the battery was dead after one week . There was no other ` traffic ' coming into the yard and it 's out of sight of trees etc. .
 The CatStop worked for about two weeks in my plant bedding area . I watched as the cat would enter the area , hear the noise , and would dart out . I thought `` yeah , it works ! '' , but in the last two weeks I 've found numerous kitty droppings . Apparently the cat figured out that while the noise was startling , it was n't going to hurt him , and now he 's back to his old behavior .
 Do n't bother with this product ... it DOES NOT WORK !!! I bought this product after trying other cat repellents , with no luck either . All of the neiborhood cats like to use the flowerbed under my open bedroom window as a litterbox . Peeww ! I placed this unit under the window and the cats still kept coming and doing their business right in front of it ! I thought that maybe the bettary was not holding up , so I attached a 9 volt DC power cord as instructed , and still no success . I would not recommend this product . I am returning it for a refund , as it has a 30 day money back guarantee . I am crossing my fingers that they make good on it .
 I am not sure why I did not trust the negative reviews of this product ; I suppose as there were some counter balancing positive reviews , or possibly some people did not know how to properly operate it . So I decided to give it a try . Wrong ! A total piece of C -- . To set off the sensor requires a Mac Truck in front of it . The sound once activated did scare off the cat . But it required me waving my hand in front of the unit to finally make the sensor to activate . Returned the unit the same day it arrived . Thanks to Amazon for making returns easy . Onward to another unit .
 I thought this product would solve my problem with the cats in my garden . Of course not , it 's like a toy to the cats they play around it . I was a waste of money and I plan to return it to Amazon . I am glad I saved the box !!!!
 It did n't work at any circumstance . Cats come and play in my yard . I have tried at different locations and angles.No indications that these change work either .
 This product was working Ok for a couple of days . It made stay away from my backyard some cats not all . After that it started making a noise when activated did n't bothered the cats at all . They just walked , relaxed and slept in front of it . That sounds funny but not for me . I had to return the item and Amazon gave me a full refund .
 I initially wanted to purchase the ConTech Scarecrow to ward off the half a dozen rabbits that chose to make my yard their home . But my yard is a weird L shape and I did n't want to deal with running a hose across the yard and possibly being sprayed myself . So I decided to give the CatStop a go first -LRB- the same model is used as a small animal deterrent elsewhere on Amazon -RRB- . The first thing I noticed was that the sensor is n't very sensitive . After the first blast it takes a while before it resets for a second blast . In the 10 - 15 secs it takes for that to happen , the rabbits have already set up shop 2 ft in front of the CatStop and started to do their business on my lawn . I do n't know what rabbits elsewhere do but the ones here stay absolutely still until they 're done doing whatever it is that they 're doing . Which typically includes nibbling on my grass , pooping on it and then killing it their pee.The entrance to my yard is about 10 ft wide . I expected the CatStop to prevent entry of rabbits to the rest of the yard . But the rabbits get past in on a regular basis . I 'm no better off with having purchased this clunker . Just $ 50 poorer .
 I 'm not imressed with this product . The neighbor 's cats checked it out then pooped in my plants and made themselves at home on my patio furniture . The 2 feral males that share the `` territory '' simply ignored it . Too bad it 's been over 30-days to return it . Note
 We bought this to deter our cats from jumping on our neighbor 's car . It is expensive and , for the price , we figured should work . Did n't work at all . Not only did our cats repeatedly get on the neighbor 's car , but they also walked directly in front of this device , setting it off , and were not bothered . None of our cats are deaf , and ALL of them seemed immune . Truly a waste of money . I 'm disappointed , because I had high hopes for this device .
 I purchased these devices because my 8 year old cat gets very agitated when she sees the feral cats and attacks our kittens . My cats are indoor cats.I purchased two Contech CatStop Ultrasonic Outdoor Cat Deterrent devices . I installed them both in an area where feral cats come through my yard between my house and my neighbors . The instructions indicate it should activate when a cat gets withing about 20 feet . When it does a light will come on indicating it is working . On one the light never came on even when I walked with in two feet of it . On the other the light came on only when I got within about 4 to 5 feet of it . I watched the feral cats walk right past the one with the working light and they did not even notice it . I know the cats are not deaf because they will run when they hear me open my patio door.I sent them back for a refund and purchased the device that connects to a garden hose and uses a sprinkler and motion detector . That has worked .
 Unfortunately , this product did NOT work at all for our family . We installed the Catstop outside our home and the cats immediately went right up to it . We could slightly hear the `` ultrasonic sound '' , which was n't bad ... but apparently it did not affect the cats . We will be returning this item immediately .
 The sensor and `` ultrasonic '' screech work -LRB- I can barely hear it -RRB- . The cats hear it when it goes off . Their heads turn suddenly , yet continue on their merry way . I tried holding it up and pointing it at the cats directly , they did not seem to be annoyed or disturbed enough to leave . I tested it on a hyperactive daschund puppy -LRB- with my friend 's permission -RRB- . Its ears perked up and it went up to the machine and sniffed it.Worthless , I wish I could give this ZERO stars.The water spray version gave better results .
 I bought this item a little more than a month ago , and I can truly say , is USELESS , the neighbor 's cat just pass by like nothing is there.What I 've notice is that the flies lie around it , so it 's a VERY expensive Fly killer at the most , even the noise it makes when I pass by is annoying .
 The cat kept pooping about 5 inches away from the product , so I returned it . I will probably try the Contech Scarecrow Motion Sprinkler . Hopefully that will work better .
 The feral cats that visit our property simply ignore it . They are curious about it because it 's something new , but are not the least bit deterred by it .
 I bought this item because we have FOUR `` outdoor '' cats in our neighborhood . . They walk into our house and garage if the door is left open for just a minute ... TWICE one of them spent the night in the garage leaving us `` presents `` I bought this PRAYING that it would discourage them from `` visiting '' but they walked RIGHT in front of this and it had no effect . . I sent it back . . Good customer service received quickly and refunded quickly .
 It did n't work at all , cats are still are pests in the garden , I want my money back !!
 These are terrible because of the battery . Not rechargeable so you are constantly having to buy new batteries ! Solar is better !
 Not really sure what this is supposed to do when all I see is cat markings the next day . I installed it in the garage to keep cats off my cars in my doorless garage . The cats like to get up to the rafters . However , I 'm still seeing cats are jumping up on both vehicles to get up to the beams . I mean it 's installed within 6 ft of both vehicles and is working properly as I see the red light come on and a noise . So , with that said , I may have to get more aggressive as this product has done nothing to stop the cat problem .
 Put this piece of junk in my yard two weeks ago and still the cats come in.Its the electronic snake oil of our time.Would not recommend this thing to my worst enemy .
 I had to send it back , it did n't work like it stated it would .
 This item worked better than expected for about 10 days . After that , it stopped working . I 've read other reviews that speak of product failures . My recommendation is to seek other equipment .
 in the process of finding out the return policy . does not scare cats away . the red light comes on indicating a cat is near and cats stroll right on by as though nothings there .
 My dog hears the nosie , very disappointing in this item .
 I brought two units , I found it does n't work for turkey , I checked with seller , seller said it designed for cats . I 'm going to return them . I also found the 9v bettary does n't last 9 months , only couple of weeks .
 The unit ran down the batteries in about 10 days . Location was such that we could not use the cord . Do n't know if motion sensor is too senstive or what . It was located in front flower bed and maybe sprinklers kept setting it off -- we do n't know . We returned it .
 I accept that this device is going to use batteries as others have noted . So I considered that part of the cost when operating it . However , I continually watched cats walk by it less than twenty feet away and it never did light up . When it would light up I could tell it was making noise if I was close enough to it . Unfortunately , even when it was doing its thing , the cats did n't seem to mind , and went right on pooping in my kids yard.Finally , when I went to install an external power supply rated at 9V dc with appropriately polarized connector , it stopped working entirely . The unit powers on , sounds off for a few seconds , then powers down with three consecutive blinks of its light as if it were some sort of error code.I sure hope Amazon takes this overpriced piece of junk back ! I think I 'll give plain old ground pepper a shot .
 It worked great when I first installed it in my atrium . The cats were curious about it but severely annoyed , and the area that gets soaked in a week was untouched . Then urine spots started appearing , and I discovered the unit had broken ... after one week . This is a device with no moving parts and runs on 9V yet it breaks after a week.A better option , IMO , would be to build one homegrown-style with better quality parts if that 's in your skill level , but the concept works like a charm -LRB- and this is coming from someone who has tried - to no avail - cayenne pepper and both organic and petrol-based `` barrier '' sprays .
 A neighborhood cat likes to make deposits in our backyard . I bought this unit to try to scare the cat away . Unfortunately this does not scare the cat in question . Reviewing the fine print , they note it does not work on all breeds of cats .
 I took a chance , the reviews were about 50/50 . I could have bought 40 lottery tickets ... Long story short , the cat poop in my back yard -LRB- around my kids swing set/playhouse , that is surrounded by mulch -RRB- , is DIRECTLY in front of the device . You can see the red light activate , you can hear a faint `` click '' before the supposed ultrasonic tone , and it did absolutely NOTHING to scare away the neighbors roaming felines . Oh , and by the way , the cat was so unperturbed , that it took the time to BURY it 's cr #p ! Do n't bother . Adopt a dog .
 and pooping in my mulch . The only solution is a rock garden .
 I bought this since I had trouble w / my neighbor 's cats and stray cats deficating in my back yard . I set it up per instructions and put it in my yard and I watched a cat jump into my yard and walk right up to it . It did n't scare the cat away even though it claims that it would .
 I needed to keep the cats away from the trees with my birdfeeders . I ordered this after checking with the manufacture and being assured that it would keep the cats away but would n't affect the birds . When I first put them out ... hurray , the cats were gone but so were the birds . After about a week the cats are back and walk right past the CatStop but the birds are still gone . It worked on the wrong thing .
 Bought one of these to keep cats out of my garage , cats looked at it and walked right on in . Followed directions completely , even changed one new battery for another . No change , they walked right on in . WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME .
 This item did not affect the cats ' behaviour in any way . My front yard continued to be the local litter box for several cats . They even did their business directly in front of the device -LRB- within inches -RRB- . The only thing the device did was turn on a red light when the cats approached the area .
 Do n't buy it . It is cheap and works intermittently . Just get some diesel !!! I was really unimpressed with this model . It did not do what was promised , so I am buying some cat away pellets or just getting a bulldog !!
 I purchased this product to keep stray cats out of my yard . It maybe worked for one week , then the motion sensor stopped working . Not sure if it ever actually worked . Only way to get motion sensor to work is take out batteries and put back in recycle power -RRB- and then it only works one time . DO N't waste your money on this piece of garbage .
 Two months ago , while travelling in USA , I bought 4 of these `` outdoor '' cat deterrent . When back home in France , I installed them in my garden . One month later , the four of them where out . Water entered inside the battery place and connectors are rotten . Thank you Contech !
 Cat stop does not work , just saw a cat stroll by stop and look up at the device and just continue on its way as if nothing happened , light worked , checked battery was fine , if not a little rusty device obviously not water proof , 50 bucks what a waste of money : -LRB-
 I purchased two of these CatStop Ultrasonic Cat Deterrents to stop the neighbors cat from dumping on my lawn . This product does not work . I still have `` gifts '' all through my lawn . What a waste of money . I see the sensor light go on but does nothing to DETER the cats .
 This Cat deterrent is an absolute joke . First of all , when a cat walks in front , it sometimes works and sometimes does not work . And ALL cats walk in front of it and it has absolutely no affect . I have never been more disappointed in a purchased product . Maybe the manufacturer can refund my money ... If so , please email me .
 This product makes clicking noises when anyone walks in the yard so I know it 's doing something . I , however , constantly find a cat lying in my back yard sleeping !!! This product does n't work at keeping cats out of my yard , soooooo frustrating .
 Do NOT buy this product!Beside my own experience with CatStop , I have talked to two exterminators that told me these just do n't work.I sent the following to the seller on August 2nd and have heard NOTHING from them . `` As far as I am concerned , this is one of the biggest pieces of junk on the market.Battery lasts only a few days not months as advertised-It does n't deter cats from doing anything-I 've watched this is action a couple of times in the early morning light . The glowing red light went on when the cat entered my yard , it walked within five or six feet of CatStop , scratched around in the dirt a couple of times before defecating right in front of it , and walked on . And this was NOT an old , deaf cat because it sure heard me when I tapped on the window.I want to return this for a refund.What is the return policy ? I am VERY unhappy with this product ! `` I am contacting Amazon next and hope they will help as the seller does n't seem to care that they a peddling a sham .
 catstop did n't last long . i was happy with the results for the first few weeks . it made a little tiny buzz , light went off and cats stayed away from my backyard . now the light still goes off but the buzz is gone and cats are back . i wonder if i can get this item replaced . if not , it is useless .
 Simply put , it does not work . I saw a cat run and climb a fence right by this device and it did not even activate . When I walk in front of it , it will not activate until I 'm within about 5 feet . It has been completely ineffective at even reducing the number of cats that come into the one little area of our yard that it is supposed to cover , to say nothing of stopping them entirely . Your money would be better spent on a trap .
 Item stop working , probably because water came in.The red led turns on until battery is dead.Manufacturer did n't react to my complain via email .
 this deterrent is a band aid only . Looked at all the options and went for the cage instead . My section of town was crawling with cats a few months ago . A cage in a few weeks took care of 90 % of the problem , simple and effective , never needs batteries . If you live next to the `` cat lady '' or the like , the deterrents -- and I 've tried many , work for about a day . After that the cats alter their routine or get used to them . Why rig up your house trying to place deterrents everywhere , just get rid of the problem . Link to a small cage , might need a bigger one.Havahart Live Animal Single Door Cage Trap for Skunks and Rabbits # 1078
 This thing is supposed to detect moving objects and issue bursts of high-pitched soundto deter animals from pooping nearby . Mine , and also one my neighbor bought , cycledon and off every minute or two regardless of absence of animals , thus rapidly depletingits batteries .
 Had no appreciable effect on the local feral felines when two units were simultaneously placed at the entry points to my fenced yard . Cats did n't even twitch their ears when walking by and did n't seem at all discouraged from return visits . -LRB- And if you 're near , the sound they make IS audible to humans - or at least to this one . -LRB- Did n't seem to dissuade a foul-tempered possum from entering the yard either . -RRB-
 The stray cats that like to sleep under our vehicles both day and night . Love the Cat Stop CAT001 Ultrasonic Cat Deterrent they can hardly wait until they can `` Rub Against '' the soft plastic housing . I think that the Cats think the `` Red Light '' that comes on is a entertainment device as they almost fight to see which one of them will sit in the first row . So far the best thing that I 've found about the Cat Stop CAT001 , has been the free shipping and prompt delivery of this item . The bottom Line for me is `` Put the $ 44.99 in your pocket or take your spouce out to dinner because the ineffecency of the Cat Stop CAT001 will surly give you heart burn .
 As soon as it goes off my cats run to it . They just love this thing . One of my cats likes it better then any of her other toys . She will huge it and play with it for hours , but she does not run from it you have to pull her off it .
 I bought this unit to keep a neighbor 's cat from pooping in my kids ' sandbox . It may have worked for a little while , but then the battery died after about two weeks -LRB- a single 9-volt does n't seem to have the energy to power this for very long if there is much activity in you backyard -RRB- , and the cat came back . I replaced the battery with a home-made 9-V replacement consisting of 6 1.5-V AA cells in a PVC pipe with a 9-V compatable connector , and now it seems to have lots of juice , but apparently the unit lost its scare factor when the original battery went bad and I have now found fresh poop in the sand about 2 feet in front of the fully functional unit . As a result , I can not recommend this unit .
 I purchase a couple of units for my yard and wood terrace . First of all , the movement sensor has been very erratic , sometimes it activates and for long periods you can walk in front and it will not turn on the unit . It has not prove to maintain cats away form my property at all and I already had it for various months .
 After reading all the reviews about this product , pro and con , I decided to buy it anyway and give it a try . I do n't believe it will work but I 've tried all the other products with very little success.I figured , Why not ? Amazon has an amazing return policy and I am having a feud with one of my neighbors cat -LRB- s -RRB- who seems to make one spot in my flowerbed his personal litter box.So I got one and was really hoping it worked like in the videos I watched ... I put in the battery and tested it , yep it works . The sound is almost inaudible , but if you put it up to your ear you 'll wish you had n't . DISCLAIMER ... The directions say NOT to do thatArmed with my new cat repeller I brought it to my garden and placed it directly in front of the spot where the cat does his business . . and waited.The very next day I went out to inspect my flowers and was rewarded with a nice fresh pile of cat poo right in front of the Catstop.Needless to say I boxed it up and promptly returned it as it clearly did n't work for me .
 This product did not work for me . There was more cat feces around the area of the CatStop than prior to my using it .
 This unit does n't stop the cats at all , it consumed 2 batteries within a month in slow traffic area . Cats are even cruising in fron of sensor and litter couple inches next to it . Amazon shoud take this unit off from their website , totally dissapointed .
 Ordered.Received.Set up.Cats Checked it out.Sat down next to it , apparently thought it was a camera judging by how they seemed to strike a pose.Dismantled.Repackaged.Returned.NEXT !!!
 Well , hoping for the best when purchasing this product . It does n't seem to do anything when cats walk in front of it . I did read in the directions it does n't work for old cats . It seems that the cats that walk around my house are all old . I should have sent it back but I hate returning things . If they would have had an easier return policy -LRB- included a call tag -RRB- I would have sent it back . I wish others luck keeping cats away .
 I 've used this alarm for a year and a half . My original intent was to keep our two cats out of my vegetable garden . It seemed to work for the first few weeks . Either the device stopped working after that or the cats became immune to the sound because they continuted to frequent the garden . I 've tried repositioning the device , I 've tried numerous battery changes and nothing . Maybe some cats are immune . I 've walked up to my lounging cat with the device and set it off . I THINK I see his ear twitch , but that 's it . I knew the reviews were hit or miss when I ordered this but I was so desparate to keep them away that I thought I would try it . I am off to purchase theContech CRO101 Scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinklernow to see if that works better . I advice you to save your money or your spouse will also be telling YOU `` I told you so . ''
 We have a neighborhood cat who has been visiting the white sand circle around our backyard gazebo for over a month leaving deposits in what amounts to a luxury kitty litter box for it . Getting a dog was not an option , and I did n't really want to make the leap to renting a cat trap from the county so I tried this out . On the first night there was a mound with the nightly `` deposit '' 3 feet in front of the device . Today , a week after setting it up , I saw the cat lying in the gazebo about 8 feet from the device having a grand old time . From the looks of it and the way it moved I do n't think it fell under the manuals list of cats that may not be affected -LRB- white cats and old cats -RRB- . Since it is almost the Fall I covered the sand with weed block to keep the cat out . If he still claws through I will rent the trap and my neighbors will have to pay to get him back from animal control . If you are going to buy an electronic device to keep cats out I do n't think this should be it . As a backup I have also left some rocks near the back door so if I see him again he will get a Pavlovian lesson . Maybe try the one that shoots water at them , sounds like it would work but putting the hoses out seems like a pain .
 It worked on and off for about a week . After that , it stopped entirely . The concept is great but unfortunately , my yard is still filled with cats . Would love to know how I can get rid of all the cats without having to call animal control -LRB- who will put them down -RRB- .
 I bought this product to keep the neighborhood cats out of my garden where I have birdfeeders and a birdbath . When activated , the Contech CatStop Ultrasonic Outdoor Cat Deterrent makes a short sound like change jingling in your pocket and a red light comes on inside the cover over the motion sensor . Two gray tabbies , a couple of orange cats , and a white cat all visit the garden and sometimes spring up and catch birds . The CatStop fires off regularly , but none of these cats give it any mind even after one month of use . They do n't even look at the CatStop when it goes off . I 've gone up and waved my hand in front of the CatStop to activate it and scare off the cats . They do n't budge until I take the garden hose to them . Try some other products such as the pellets with Fox urineShake Away 9002020 20-ounce Cat Repellent Coyote/Fox Urineor the devices that spray a mist when activatedContech StayAway Motion-Activated Pet Deterrent . The CatStop is not effective and even says it will not work with some breeds or with older cats with hearing loss .
 Second one I purchased on account of cat invading my driveway . First one lasted less than 1 yr . Battery kept getting shorted out in the rain . Finally , died . Second one has gone thru 5 batteries in 3 months . Also noticed that battery compartment still gets wet in the rain.This product is a complete waste of money
 I purchased because of the reviews . Obviously they were not accurate . I have dozens of cats in my yard at night . Nothing has changed . I relocted it in different spots , high and low . I 've changed batteries 3 times in less than a month . 9v and Its getting expensive for a item that has no effect . One star because the dogs next door seem to be barking less on my side of the fence . I wished I could get a refund but like a dummy I did n't keep the box or packing slip . I should of bought the $ 29 from TV and tried it 1st . TruelyDisappointed .
 I had a problem with a ferrel female cat , staying on my porch . She was obviously in heat and attracting all the males within miles . They were `` marking their territory '' , which meant awful smells on my porch . I was desperately hoping this would work , but it did n't phase her at all . In fact I almost got a picture of her , sniffing the machine ! The sound it emitted did not scare her a lick ! Needless to say , I sent it back ...
 The cats notice it , walk warily by it for a short time but , after getting used to it , ignore it . Also , perhaps I missed it , but I so n't believe the ads say anything about it being strictly for outside use . I primarily needed it for inside .
 After only 4 weeks , this device just simply stopped working . I work away from home so I have no idea if it ever really kept my neighbor 's cats away , but at least the light came on so I would think that it might have . I checked the battery and that was dry . I am just really disappointed in this unit . That is a lot of $ $ $ to just throw away . I need to re-visit Amazon 's return policy , find the original box and receipt and try to get my money back . :0 -LSB-
 Our neighbor 's cat keeps spraying our front door so I bought this to try and keep it at bay . It worked for about a month before the cat got used to the sound . Now it walks right past without batting an eyelash and our front door is regularly sprayed again . Do n't waste your time on this product .
 I looked over at the device in my lawn and noticed the neighbers cat sitting facing it and staring into it ?? also the battery lasted 1 week . I chocked it up to another sucker purchase on my part . The dog barking devices dont work either , Save your money , buy a gun .
 To be quick and simple . . It did nothing to deter the cats from camping out by my front door so I moved it out by my bird feeders where the cats tend to stalk the birds . In three weeks I did not see a single cat respond to this thing , literally walking 3 feet in front of it as the red light went on -LRB- the motion sensor shows when it 's been triggered . I tried another set of fresh batteries and it still showed no effect . It 's been on a shelf ever since because while it is n't worth the cost of the batteries I put into it , I also ca n't find the resolve to throw out something that cost me $ 50 . Your better off with chicken wire or an airsoft pellet gun .
 I have two of the Contech scarecrow sprinklers , and they work quite well . I stumbled across this device and thought to give it a try . I 've got a fairly small bark planter area on the side of my house , so instead of plumbing a water line , I thought this would be a great solution to keep it from becoming yet another `` neigborhood cat litterbox '' . The unit arrived , I tossed a battery in and set it up . It senses motion just fine , light stays on for 3 seconds -LRB- apparently because its working -RRB- then it turns off . Outside of a click , I did n't hear a thing .5 minutes later the neighbors cat walks into the bark . This cat is about 2 years old . While the unit turns on/turns off -LRB- I 'm WATCHING this -RRB- , the cat takes a dump , covers it up , and walks away.I just sat down at my computer , printed out a return label and left this comment.Don ' t waste your time with this product . If possible , get their scare crow product instead.I 'm really not angry about it , I just hoped it would 've worked based on my good luck with their Scare Crow product . Unfortunately it looks like I 'm plumbing another `` always on '' sprinkler line out to this corner of the yard . Hey , it could be worse , at least I have a solution I know works , its just more hassle .
 Does n't work . The cats dig right next to the catstop . The slight sound it makes just startals them . Save your money
 I am bummed I threw away the packaging so now I ca n't return this . Stray cats are leaving `` presents '' right in front of this darn thing -- just worthless . If you can find the Weitech brand of ultra sonic deterent -- that works better .
 It must be coming by an old sailing ship around the Cape of Gibralter . I have been charged but have not seen any package . Maybe next year I will recieve it ???? The last time responded to this was 4/18/10 . I had to putdown a rating but it 's kind of hard to rate something that you do not have .
 How do you give a product like this 2,3 , or 4 stars . Either it works or it does n't . Unfortunately in this case , it 's the latter . I have to admit , I did not observe it 's function first hand but ... We set up the device on the side of my neighbor 's house where my cat would go to bather her cats . Before installing the device , he would come home soaked because she had to squirt him with the hose to get rid of him . Suffice it to say , he still comes home soaked nightly.Ergo ... it 's a no go .
 I tried a similar product -LRB- not from amazon.com -RRB- to keep my cats off of tabletops , and after a day my male cat was traumatized to the point that he was n't eating or bathing -LRB- this is my glutton cat ! -RRB- . My female was not traumatized , but both cats were caught knocking the unit off the tabletop ! I have n't tried it outdoors , but I would definitely not reccommend it for indoor use .
 This product did not stop any cats at all . If anything they seemed curious about it . Waste of money .
 This product does n't stop the cats at all . I actually think I can hear them laughing at it . I have holes dug within inches of this thing , with cat feces.I would n't recommend wasting $ 50 on this item .
 Iam very displeased with this product currently have my 3rd . unit and thecats walk by it like it 's invisible . I contacted the mfr . and they werekind enough to supply new items but they did not work as advertised.Iwould not recommend this product , I now have an electric fence arond thegarden area and no problem with cats .
 I tried the Contech CAT001 CatStop Ultrasonic Outdoor Cat Deterrent in my backyard for over a month . Cats walk directly in front of it , it detects them but has no effect on them at all .
 It 's NOT working!The cats walk in front of it very casually . I ca n't believe that `` CATSTOP '' did n't work . Yes , I 've tried to put it under roof , on the wall , on the fence , in front of door ... . Nothing worked !
 A total waste of money . The so called &#34; Cat Deterrent &#34; did not deter any of the 25 cats that &#34; visit &#34; our home .
 I wish it did the job but my neighbor has cats and they are always at my home did not do the job
 We purchased two of these items . Both have stopped working and now the neighbor 's cat sits underneath our bird feeders and uses our children 's sandbox as a litter box . Last night , the cat left us part of a rodent 's body by our back door . The cat stop worked wonderfully for a couple of months so we bought a second one for underneath the bird feeders . Now we 're out the $ and do n't know what to do so that the cat will stay away .
 Cats waltz right by . Nope . Stupid waste of money . Do n't waste your money on this thing . I 'm very annoyed and disappointed .
 Purchased this in hopes it would keep my kitty out of my neighbors yard . Put it on the property line , did n't phase him at all . Changed batteries thinking it may be dead . You ca n't hear or see if it is doing anything . My cat was n't even aware it was there .
 unfortunately the product did not work ... at first we were excited but after a few days cats continued to use our front lawn as there litter box , we changed the battery but no go . . I will be returning it : -LRB-
 It was good while it worked . I needed a small area protected in front of my house from cats and this came in handy . No cat poop for 5 months . Then it stopped working and new batteries do n't help . I put in a new battery and the device just drains it right away . Went through 5 batteries until it became clear that the thing is malfunctioning . This possibly happened because of the rains but I am not sure .
 do yourself a favor & save your money . product is useless , cats walk right by on their way to my deck for a sunbath
 This device has n't stopped them after 2 weeks ... they seem to like it . I have moved it a couple of times to provide the best location . So far i have not discovered the `` best '' location .
 My problem was neighborhood cats coming up onto our upstairs deck and sleeping on the patio couch at night . The problem being cat allergies of some household members and cat dander on the outdoor furniture . So , placing the Ultrasonic device along the steps in a place where cats trigger it if they come up the steps I thought would work . There was no way for a cat to get to the deck without triggering the device , in other words . The result was that it worked for about a week and a half on all of the various cats that liked to come up . But my joy and optimism quickly faded . A couple of the more bold cats just apparently got used to it . Even though most of the others did n't come back . Moving it to the patio area did n't help , it just seemed to wear out the battery quicker.It worked on the less bold cats that did n't come here often , but not on the ones who based on my casual observation spend most of their time outdoors . We do n't have any strays in the neighborhood , they 're all more or less house cats . The cats that seemed to be less often inside were deterred only for a few days.I tried cayenne powder , other products and finally , the only solution was to remove the outdoor furniture and get fold up furniture , only unfolding it when in use . Cats will still come up during the night -LRB- as I can tell from digging in potted plants and surprising them sniffing around occasionally while getting up for a glass of water -RRB- , but they do n't stay and sleep there.If money is no object , maybe it is worth a try for , but persistent cats do n't seem to be deterred indefinitely .
 Set it up for 1 week , I still see cats wondering around in my yard , not sure if the device is working . Maybe I did n't put it up long enough .
 My neighbor rescues cats and then let 's them roam the neighborhood or should I say , my property ONLY . Never less than 5 cats come/go as they please and CAT STOP does n't STOP them . . it just does n't do a thing ! I feel bad that my neighbor purchased 5 units for me in hopes to deter but NOTHING . I wish they could get a full refund because it was money wasted . I will have to find other means to get rid of these darn cats pooping and living on my property . HELP ME PLEASE !!! Desperate !!!! My grandchildren nor I ca n't enjoy my yard - front back or sides - the cats are every where and they leave their nasty messy poop every where too !
 I installed a year long extra life battery and installed the productin the yard . Two days later a cat walked up to the product - rubbed against it . Clearly it did not work at all . Outdoor Cat deterrent - sure it is ! This is a product that does not work at all and I am glad it has a 30 day guarentee . I am returning it today .
 I should have heeded the warnings about this product per all of the Amazon reviews . I bought two of these to cover the entire front area of my house and they worked GREAT for one month . No cats , no poop , no issues . And then as if the product knew the return period expired , they stopped working . Cats now lounge around them as the light on the unit flickers on and off . What a waste of money .
 this product does not work.did not stop cats not even once.they walked by and not even noticed this worthless piece of crap and they did just that.crap and went on . do not waste your money on this . if i had not dropped and broken it i would have sent it back . i gave it a week and trust me it sucks the big one . a very expensive lesson . .
 I have this catstop in place at the corner of my shed , but cats have still entered the area , only 4 feet away , and they are passing within the 20 ' radius with no sign of discomfort . The only product that deterred them from the area is the scatmat I put right where they would leap from the other yard , and that was very effective . It was flipped over the very day I first put it out , probably when they leaped off the surface . I will try the catstop in another spot in the yard , but then will return it if they still come in.I had high hopes for this catstop and it does blink red when I pass it , so the batteries do work . The cats still make all the yards around my house smell with their constant pooping and have catfights late at night , tear up the deck furniture with their claws , jump on the roof and wake me up , then jump off the roof , tearing up the awnings and the outdoor swing 's canopy on the way off . I 'll try another product .
 We were very disappointed in the Contech CatStop . It has had absolutely no affect on cats using our garden as their toilet . We received the product in good condition and very quickly .
 It works if the cat -LRB- s -RRB- is right in front of it for longer than a second . It does n't have the range it claims and what range it has is not all inclusive . We 've even moved it around trying to give it the best space and reach . Did n't help . I was really hopeful that this would keep the cats off my husbands mustang convertible , but it 's just not working .
 This product did not work at all . I have several neighbor cats who sleep on my porch furniture . I moved it closer and closer and they continued to sleep there . It is a total waste of money .
 I bought this product and put it outside and at first I thought it was working fine , for the first month I did not see any cats . Then I noticed the light was not coming on when I passed by . Then I noticed the cats returning . Changed the battery , still did not work . I got onto Amazon and realized that I had passed the point of return policy -- so I had to pay the shipping and would only get a ` partial refund ' . That stinks , I figure if I pay 50 bucks for something it should give me more than a month of service.I think it worked , when it came on , but now I do n't know cause it does n't come on anymore . And the cats are back , pooping in my vegetable garden . NEVER AGAIN ...
 I was pretty hopeful about this solution to the local neighborhood cats using my city backyard as a large kitty litter box . I bought two units , one for a neighbor friend.A couple of days after positioning the Cat Deterrent in my backyard , I got it see it in action , or lack of action . I was looking out my home office window when I saw a cat entering my backyard . I was curious how it would react . It walked casually up to a bush 4 feet from the new unit and urinated all over the bush . When finished , it slowly walked away , directly in front of unit a second time . This time the cat turned its head toward the unit as it walked by.So much for a solution to my problem . If I had more time in the day , I would return the item .
 I have a Scarecrow and like it , but it wo n't work in the winter time . I saw the CatStop units and was hopeful . I bought two units to stop my 3 neighbor cats from sitting under my bird feeder and scaring the birds away . The cats ca n't actually reach the feeders but their presence disturbs both birds and squirrels and they occasionally manage to catch an unwary bird.I put the units up , a fair distance apart and facing each other , on either side of the feeders . I have since watched all three cats , individually , come to the feeders and sit between the two units without a care . I can see the units activating but the cats completely ignore them.This product does not work , so do n't waste you money .
 My dad has a huge issue with cats in his yard I bought him this product to try . He put it out in the yard and the cat came and practically layed on it .
 I bought this device to scare away stray cats off of my front porch . I set it up per instructions . However , I saw the cats seating in front of it . It did n't scare the cat away even though it claims that it would .
 I bought 3 of these to keep cats out of my garden , and they completely ignore the devices . This morning , I found a cat taking a dump about 3 feet in front of one of them . I tried to contact the manufacturer , and got an answering machine saying that they would be closed on January first for New Year 's day . I was calling in April ... Do not waste your money .
 I watched cats walk back and forth in front it , one even sat down and watch the red light go on and off ! SAVE your money , DO N'T buy this rip-off .
 Do not buy this . It does absolutely nothing . I set it up outside and proceeded to watch the cats walk right up to it and smell it . Junk !!
 I set this product up and the neighbor cats that are used to defecating in our yard were not bothered in the least . There are 6 cats and I saw at least 4 of them nearby it , jumping over it , defecating right near it.When i called to get a refund , seller would honor that , but would not cover shipping costs .
 this product is useless simply because i think for it to work you need to place at least a dozen of them for a very small yardmost of us does not have that kind of money to waste
 I returned this item because it did not stop the cats from pooping on my front lawn
 I live in an apartment complex and the neighorhood strays seem to think that my patio is their personal litter box . I set this up for over a week . At first , it seemed to be working because I was n't finding any evidence that the cats had been around , but we had lots of rain that week . Then there it was ... a nice little present right in the path of the Catstop . Remaining hopeful , I moved the Catstop to be in direct line with the area they frequented the most . The next day right in front of the Catstop was another `` package '' . I know the unit was working because when I would walk by it , I set it off . Unfortunately , it did n't seem to scare the cats away as claimed.I really had hoped it worked as other reviewers seem to have had good results . But for me , it was an expensive failure .
 Purchased two of these Coop Cups to attach to metal cage for my kittens . When they arrived , they were all dented , clasps were extremely sharp , hard to attach , they would not stay even so there was no way I could have put water in the one . Very disappointed in this product . Price was n't bad , if product would have been made better . I did return them .
 I have used this product for about 6 months and have to say it is a total waste of money . I have several cats and when they have to stay in during bad weather they stress out and start to get grouchy and territorial . Even though I have this plugged into several rooms I see absolutely no difference . And It is SO EXPENSIVE ! Do n't waste your time .
 We were using Comfort Zone Feliway ever since we brought home a much younger female cat home to be a companion/playmate for our 12 year old male . They were just not getting along and we had fallen in love with her . At the suggestion of our vet and the rescue we had got her from we went to petco and purchased the `` Comfort Zone '' Feliway plugins . Needless to say it was pricey , but it helped ! so we thought we 'd try and save some money and purchase these . They have only been lasting about 2 weeks instead of the month that they are supposed to . Now they have started to get fussy with each other again !! We would NOT recommend purchasing these . Spend the extra money and get the real thing !! I read a review from another sale of this brand after we had purchased these that said that they will not last the full month and that the company does not sell their product to Amazon . DO NOT BUY THESE FROM AMAZON !!
 I bought these with high hopes that my cats , that are brothers , would stop fighting . Seems that boys will be boys , and these plug-ins did not affect them at all . They did not change the behavior of my alpha cat . Oh well , it was worth a try I suppose ...
 This was recommended by my vet for my cats anxiety & nervousness . It has n't changed her one bit after 4 months of use . Going to finish up what I bought because it is so expensive but not reorder .
 I decided to try this product , hoping it would stop a neutered male cat from marking on my sunporch . A vet recommended it.It has NOT worked for this problem with this cat .
 After reading the manufacturers directions to use for 30 days to see results , we purchased about $ 85 of this stuff to cover a 2500 sq. ft home for 2 months . We are now going into the 6th week with NO positive results . It was like taking $ 85 cash and throwing it right in the garbage .
 I personally feel that this did nothing for me and my cats . It did not work for me , but I can not say that it would not work for other folks.I have a lot of cats , you might have two or three . I think that it might depend on the cat , the number of cats and how well they might get along naturally .
 Unfortunately this product did nothing for my 5 cats who are still fussing with each other . I 've tried 2 plugins going simultaneously , 1 on each floor of my house in open areas several times over the course of 2 years ... . so there 's been plenty of time for it to work . These cats are siblings who were raised together . I do n't understand why the 2 females are still territorial , spraying wherever they want , and hissing at each other . hey were all neutered at 6 months , they all come and go through their cat door . Other people seem to have success with this product , but not us .
 I have a pug in in every room of my house . Been plugged in for over 2 months , no change in my cats behavior . Very disappointed .
 Noticed that my cat was no longer responding to the Felway after I cracked open one of these bottles . So tonight I looked at it , and none of it was missing after several days . I unplugged it and noticed that it was dangerously hot . And the upper most part of the wick was dry . I then inspected the empty box that I saved . And it was in a foreign language.For now , I poured the Feliway into one of my old empty bottles , since my kitty would have none otherwise . And needs it.Not sure what to do . Is the diffuser not meant for foreign feliway bottles ? Are the wicks defective ?
 It kind of works but it is not oderless . I have to keep a window open next to where the cat is . Kind of defeats the purpose .
 I 've given up on this product after using it for several months in various rooms as it seems to make no appreciable difference in stopping or limiting my cat spraying .
 I plugged in 5 Feliway diffuser to try to help with my cats ' behavior . I used them for two months and they had NO effect at all . Waste of money .
 Feliway was recommended to me by my vet to make my multiple cat household a little less stressed and stop one of my males from spraying . Even after having spend a lot of money on 5 diffusers and numerous refills it has not changed the behavior of any of the cats . My male actually sprayed right where I had one of the diffusers plugged in ... I ca n't recommend it since it did n't have any positive impact on my cats and I feel like I wasted my money .
 I have three cats in the house , to prevent one cat from attacking the other two we bought this product . Unfortunately it has had no effect .
 I purchased these refills to go with the two diffusers I bought -LRB- I 've reviewed those as well ! -RRB- . Not only did they not work , I actually think they worsened the problem of my cats urinating in the rooms they had been placed in . Maybe these do a little too good a job of `` relaxing '' our feline friends !
 Using it so far for 6 weeks and see very little change in our house of cats spraying around the house . .
 Do n't waste your money . I have three cats and they do n't get along , there is some spraying going on . I purchased one Feliway plug-in diffuser . I did n't see any change in behavior in any of the cats . I thought maybe one was n't enough so I purchased four more , for a total of five . Plugged them all in at the same time through out the house . Absolutely no change in behavioral from any of the cats .
 I have a multi-cat home . I bought this to try to `` mellow '' aggressive behavior in a couple of my cats . I can see no difference . Also , the one scaredy-cat is no less fearful . I have put these in various rooms in the house where the cats live .
 This product was recommended by my Vet . to see if would help one of my cats get over a nervous twitch he developed when we introduced a new kitten to the family . Both Ricky and Frankie , the kitten , were always getting into fights as well . I used two plug-ins for about 4 weeks , using 4 bottles of the solution.Unfortunately , I saw no appreciable improvements in Ricky 's twitch and they continued to get into fights.I am glad I tried it and would tell anyone to give it a try . Many have had a positive experience with it , per reviews I have read.Ricky still has the twitch , but they are getting along better and not fighting as much . Frankie , the kitten has been in our family for 5 months now . The other cat , Lucy , and Frankie tolerate each other and never had as major problem .
 I have four older cats -LRB- all spayed and neutered as kittens -RRB- , which we 've moved with multiple times . Every time we move , spraying ensues . Inevitably , we get desperate , and buy these things -LRB- cause cat piss sucks and you 'll try anything to make it stop -RRB- . I have never seen any evidence that these help . I realize I 'm going against the grain here , with hundreds of positive reviews , but I stand by my extensive experience with these things . I understand why people want them to work -LRB- man do I want them to work ! -RRB- , but they just did n't for me.That being said , if I were you , and my cat was pissing on my stuff , I 'd take a shot at these . I just thought someone should be the grain of salt .
 Plug it in and the cat backs into it and SPRAYS THE THING . Wasted $ 45.00 on this product at Petsmart . Actually increased the spraying of the male cat I adopted from then shelter . Kitty is a fixed males -- been fixed since early kittenhood -- 4 years old now , age of adoption.My 3 grand worth of new carpet can testify . The whole house is a mess . The vet has recommended Buspar pills and/or tranqs . Was hoping to avoid that , but either we try a pill - it works -- or we haev to sadly return him to shelter . Maybe that was why he was in the shelter to begin with , poor guy . We are crushed .
 My cat started exhibiting inappropriate elimination behavior when our dog came to live with us . Instead of spraying , though , she poops outside of the box - often times right IN FRONT of the box . We 've had her checked by the vet , bought more litter boxes , tried different kinds of litter , medication for IBS - nothing helped . I had heard about Feliway and decided to give it a shot - it did not work for my cat in the least . I think the only solution we have n't tried is kitty prozac . Ugh .
 I bought the spray and the diffuser because I took in a stray cat and my old cat was distressed . They are fighting all the time , and I 'm following all the rules of gradual introduction , separate litter pans , etc. . My vet recommended this product , so I bought some from him and some here online -LRB- same price -RRB- . I know you 're supposed to give this stuff time to work , but I ca n't breathe . I got the spray which I have been using CONSTANTLY for a week . It seems to do NOTHING . Then I got the diffuser yesterday , which I certainly can smell -LRB- kind of musky -RRB- , but in the middle of the night I awakened coughing and choking , and I do n't even have asthma.My old cat seems happy to sniff it but the new cat is immune to it or maybe she 's just rushing past it in order to attack my old cat . Either way , this product seems like a hoax.I now believe I will be forced to find a new home for the beautiful cat who came to my home the week before Christmas .
 It does n't work . I can see no change and I 've been using the diffuser for over a month . I bought six refills hoping/bekieving that it would create a positive change . None .
 Product was delivered quickly.Product arrived in good shape.Be careful , It does not say it inthe description but there is anOld style case and a New style case.we were told that the fact the descriptionindicates that this bucket is also for the 305is the indication that this is thenew style bucket.Although it does not say this inthe description.If you have the old style 304motor , the clips will not clampdown on the new style bucket .
 The plastic was too soft for my 4 year old Boarder Collie . Both sides of the handle tore wear it meets the ball on the first day of play . That part should be reinforced . Last year I bought a harder ball which lasted 10 months of daily play . I will by that one again , if it is available .
 The new Griper Ball lasted about half an hour with our dog Missy . I bought it to replace one that was at our dog park that she love to play with . She would run & run & just have a ball with it until the handle started breaking away from the ball . So I bought a replacement to leave at the dog park . Well , I gave it to her before taking it to the park and she had the handle already starting to come loose from the ball in about a half an hour . I plan to send it back .
 A piece of you-know-what ! It took my 6 month old Wheaten Terrier less than 2 minutes to chew the handle to small pieces . The Jolly Ball is not any better .
 I purchased my first Kitty-Go-Krazy over a year ago , my cat loved it and it lasted almost a year . In January 06 I purchased one from Entirely Pets , which did n't work after less than a week so they sent me a replacement , which also died almost immediately and they replaced it with a third which also died immediately . I contacted the manufacturer , who called me and then sent me a replacement motor , which also only worked for a very short time . However , I was very impressed with their customer service . All of these units had the same problem of `` sticking '' and not spinning , and two completely died . I am very disappointed as my cat loves this toy and the first one worked so well for almost a year .
 I bought 1 and it did n't work , so I bought another 1 at a different store and it did n't work either . Had the same problem with the Panic Mouse made by the same company .
 Dont put your fish and yourself through the torture of this tank . Bad filter , bad skimmer , bad pumps , bad `` cord management system '' , bad powerbar ... I cant even go into the unlimited faults with this thing . Save money and put together a system on your own .
 I would not recommend this cage for any chinchilla on account of all the plastic . If your chinchilla chews the plastic -LRB- most will -RRB- it can kill them . Plastic is extremely dangerous for chinchillas . The food that comes with this is also not very good for chins . Chinchilla 's food should consist of pellets only . Good brands include Oxbow and and Mazuri . The featured food is filled with little `` treats '' which tends to result in the chin not eating any pellets . This is very unhealthy.Chinchillas are expensive pets . Anyone committing to buying one needs to be able to afford a high quality cage and food . The top of the line cage is the Ferret Nation brand by Midwest -LRB- although it has to be somewhat modified to suit chinchillas -RRB- Please research chinchilla products as much as you can before buying them . Many products are marked chinchilla friendly when they are not at all .
 My cat did n't like this , the only way I can get him to injest this is to smear it in his fur . Tuna flavored ? I do n't know where this came from , there is absolutely no smell of tuna whatsoever . I have tried mixing it with tuna and he wo n't touch it that way either . Maybe I have an extremely fussy cat . I was expecting it to have at least a hint of the smell of tuna . There is none , in the product I received . I 'd never recommend this .
 I threw this at my cats to play with and they completely ignored it . Whatever amount of catnip it is supposed to have must be extremely minimal , because it elicited no reaction at all.Feb 21 - I am now updating my review . I now give it 3 stars because one cat does enjoy sitting and licking the toys little head .
 This is not a favorite for my puppy . It is the least used toy I purchased for her.I think the idea is great - but the fabric does not appeal to her .
 My dogs love to play , and like most dogs , they also love to take their toys apart if possible . This toy lasted all of a day or so before they figured out how it was held together . We ended up with a very long piece of material with which the dogs were no longer interested . I would not recommend this toy ; it just did n't hold up .
 I got this for our cat based on the good reviews . My cat must not have gotten the memo.A little about our cat . She 's a little less than 2 years old and still very playful . She loves chasing things and chewing on anything feathery and fluffy.This toy was neither of those things . She 's never once played with it , despite smothering it in catnip , dangling it in front of her , or just leaving it out to get used to . It was , in short , a waste of money . Too bad , 'cause I really thought she 'd like it.I give it 2 stars -LRB- instead of 1 -RRB- only because it 's built well , and if for some reason your cat likes it , it 'll probably last a good while .
 None of the kittens were interested , mamma kitty could have cared less , and the two 7-8 year olds did n't even turn their heads . We crinkled it and hid things under it , and still they all ignored it . I kept it , thinking that as the kittens got older they 'd get interested , but it never happened .
 simply my cat ignore thisI thought it was something special , because 5 people gave 5 starsbut It was just cat nip mat . . nothing special and he 've never played with it
 I have 3 cats . One of them was interested in this product , but only for a minute or two . After that , there was no interest from any of them - even when I put more catnip in it .
 This dog food is missing essential amino acids -LRB- like Arginine , Histidine , Isolueucine , Leucine , Lysine , Methionine , Phenylalanine , Typotophan , Threonine , Valine & Taurine -RRB- & could make your dog go blind & age them . Also it has genetically modified wheat & soy which is questionable & most dogs stomachs do n't agree with wheat . The best & most complete protein in the world is EGGS . The color of the eggs makes no difference , but organic is always best . So make your dog an EGG OMELET WITH MINCED FRESH SPINACH & WHITE BUTTON MUSHROOM fried with organic coconut oil & after cooking , sprinkle on some BRAGG 'S ORGANIC NUTRITIONAL YEAST & for some reason dogs will eat almost anything with that organic nutritional yeast sprinkled on top . Also you should mix up the diet & give them salmon or sardines that have omega 3 fatty acids -LRB- the smaller the fish , the less mercury & bad stuff in them & also choose wild caught -RRB- . Also some dogs eat raw carrots or cooked veggies , especially after sprinkling them with the nutritional yeast.Also dogs love sweet potato , so you can cook a little sweet potato in the microwave for a treat . And if you want to give your dog a vitamin ... just get some VITAMIN WORLD GREENS MULTIVITAMINS & CRUSH ONE UP & PUT IN 3 EMPTY VEGETARIAN CAPSULES -LRB- small size ' 0 ' -RRB- & put some peanut butter on them & your dog will eat it up . These vitamins are made from whole foods , so one a day mashed up and put in capsules can help them out . If you have a dog with arthritis , you may want to give them a turmeric capsule coated with some peanut butter as well . Also my dog seems to like cranberry gel pills & wants one a day as a treat ! LOL Every dog has their own favorites!The only kibble I give my dog once every 3 days is Halo Spot 's Stew with Salmon at Whole Foods Market . I hope this helps some malnourished doggies out there!Cheers , Laura -LRB- I am just a dog MOM & a vegetarian that eats EGGS for my health , not affiliated with any food companies , trying to help out other dog loving families -RRB- . -LRB- Also NEVER GIVE A DOG , SUGARFREE PUDDING , GUM OR TREATS WITH XYLITOL in the ingredients ... A TINY AMOUNT COULD KILL THEM ! Never give a dog raisins , chocolate , nuts other than peanuts , or onions because they can all kill your beloved furry family member . -RRB-
 When I saw the price of this item , I mistakenly assumed that it must be of great quality and included the special size bowls . -LRB- I somehow missed the `` bowls not included '' in the description . -RRB- Suffice it to say that I was shocked when I opened the package . First , it looks like it was put together for maybe $ 5 and does not include anything but the metal stand . When I called to complain , the woman simply told me , `` Well , it 's not made in China . '' To be honest , for what I got , I would have rather it be made in China with the price cut that accompanies it . Finding bowls that fit the stand -LRB- which are oblong -RRB- is difficult unless you order the bowls from the manufacturer , which are again overpriced . I was very disappointed with the product , given the price I paid for it .
 I am still waiting for this item to arrive . So far , I would have to say `` rip off . ''
 The hidden scoop is a great idea . I loved the design -- holding the scoop upright and hiding the scooper . But the scoop itself was very flimsy and cheap & ended up flicking what we were trying to pick up ... kinda gross ! We were disappointed and ended up throwing it away .
 Good for the littler but I take forever cleaning it . They need to make this scoop work a litter better
 Whoever designed this has never scooped a cat litter box and has no clue about how this scoop would n't work for doing such a thing . Anyone who likes this scoop must not realize there are other scoops out there that would make the job 1000 times easier.The angle of the scoop is all wrong so you ca n't really get any leverage . It 's no surprise to read reviews about the scoop breaking . It 's just not made properly to be a scoop . The scalloped edge in the front is another design flaw that leads to a poorly designed useless scoop.My poor arthritic mom has been struggling with this scoop for months , not knowing she could be in less pain and get the job done quicker and better if only she had a good scoop.I wish I could give this product negative stars for the pain it 's given my mother .
 I bought one of theseBooda Scoop 'N Hide Litter Scoop , Pearlfor the first time about 6 years ago . It was great ~ I liked having a discreet and neat place to store the scoop in my cat 's poop and scoop corner.Only recently did the scoop break ~ the handle snapped off right in the middle of a scoop . It was messy and unpleasant with plastic , litter and you can guess what else flying everywhere . I looked all over for another scoop to fit the holder or just another set but had no luck . I just happened across this set at Amazon -LRB- could n't find a replacement scoop though -RRB- and was delighted to purchase it for about the same price as I did 6 years ago.Unfortunately the quality of my second one -LRB- same Booda brand -RRB- is not the same . The scoop is not as sturdy as before and feels so flimsy , I am afraid I am going to have a repeat episode of the last break soon . There is way too much give with every plunge into the litter and the handle bends under the weight of even the lightest load . This scoop will definitely not last another 6 years.That 's very disappointing and I will not be buying theBooda Scoop 'N Hide Litter Scoop , Pearlagain , at Amazon or anywhere . I am however going to keep my eyes open for another scoop which will fit in the holder because I love the storage concept . Is n't it odd that Booda does n't offer a replacement scoop though ? *** October 15 , 2010 REVISED REVIEW AND LOWER RATING *** Unfortunately I have had to drop my rating from 3 stars to 1 . The handle of the scoop broke off mid-scoop this morning . What a piece of crap .
 After two months of use the handle bent and now the scoop is barely usable . The scoop is not sturdy enough . This is the first time I had a litter scoop break . If you need to do real scooping this is not the right tool for the job .
 Whose bright idea was it to put tines on the bottom of the scoop ? Makes it useless for scraping the bottom of the box when needed . I find more clumps break when using this scoop than others without the projections on the bottom . Great idea of a scoop then hide but poor execution .
 `` Booda Scoop 'N Hide Litter Scoop '' is an extremely well-designed cat litter scoop . The size of the scoop is just right , with a well thought-out sifting design via a well-spaced rake and a nice-sized scoop . Also the upright scoop holder is easy to use and effective.Unfortunately , the scoop handle is incredibly weak . From the very beginning , the plastic handle twisted and buckled during each use . In fact , it would take very little weight before the handle would buckle . Unsurprisingly , after only three weeks , the handle finally snapped off the scoop.In the end , I can not recommend this item ... and it 's a shame , too , because if it was n't for the cheap plastic used for the scoop handle , this would have been a five star item for its simple , smart design . In all , avoid .
 The concept behind this litter scoop is great . Unfortunately , it 's not built to last . The container for the scoop is well designed and makes it easy to dump out any litter that may have held on to the scoop . The problem is the scoop itself is flexing where the handle meets the shovel after only 2 months of use .
 I had a problem with this scoop right out of the box ... the label would n't come off . The purpose of buying the scoop with the case was so it would look sort of pretty in my bathroom . But then when I tried to peel off the label , it left a sticky mess . I tried scrubbing it off with hot soapy water , to no avail . Now I have dirt and cat hair getting stuck to the glue . Very disappointing.Also , getting it out of the case is a little clumsy . It does n't stay open either , so you have to use your hands to open it back up , which defeats the purpose . The only nice thing about this scoop is the color .
 I did n't remember reading these reviews until I got home with this product . I bought it at Petsmart for the same price -LRB- plus tax -RRB- . Two complaints negate the usefulness of this product.Litter leaks out from the bottom of the holder.The scoop has large separations between the tines . Not good for picking up little pieces - they keep sliding through , and it 's hard to pick them up with the corners of the scoop too , since there is an open space right next to the corners . I measured the diameters
 After spending 15 minutes using Goo Gone Sticker Lifter to try to remove the sticker residue , I realized that my life was wasting away . I tossed the container but will keep the sifter to keep this purchase from being a total loss . I 'll come up with a different storage method , probably using a container made for a purpose other than holding a litter scoop . The container is cheaply made anyway . Overall , a waste of my $ 9.99 . I find that pet products are often overpriced and made without much quality , and that assessment fits this product.On a more positive note , I love the Booda Dome litter box .
 The scooper itself is very flimsy and scooping litter became even more of a hassle than it already is . Back to the pet store to buy a more durable scooper !
 It was not very practical for me . Too light on the bottom , so it makes it hard to open without touching it .
 I liked the holder for the scoop however the scoop was flimsey & bent & cracked while scooping.Booda Scoop 'N Hide Litter Scoop , Titanium
 Love the idea of the scoop and hide , but this product is relatively flimsy and breaks easily . It 's infuriating to be scooping litter and have it bend - is n't this a simple problem solved by a little product engineering ? Then , on cue , it broke . Never buying this product again .
 I was really disappointed in this product - Booda usually has good quality items , but this scoop was incredibly flimsy - it snapped in half the second time I used it !
 I bought this scooper to try to solve the problem of a nasty loose scooper laying around . I love the thing it sets in , but hate the scooper . I spent $ 10 on this scooper , and wound up buying another one at Menards a couple weeks later for $ .94 because of the way this one performs . I had never thought much about scoopers before this one . However , the end of this is jagged . What happens is it does n't scoop up the clump of urine well , and instead breaks it up into those little pieces that you can never scoop out of the clumping litter . I have never given a product a negative review before , but I wanted to send a `` beware '' message for anyone thinking about this that uses the clumping litter .
 Unlike other reviews , I have n't had any problems with the scoop itself . My problem is with the flimsy container . I have to carefully extract the scoop - like I 'm playingHasbro Operation , or the flappy thing just falls right forward onto the ground . I do n't know about you , but when I 'm cleaning up my cat 's crap , I kind of want the process to be over and done with and do n't want to have to play tug of war with a container that will
 Worked well but broke easily . This happened after 4 weeks of usage . 3 of the tines cracked near the front end of the scooper .
 I first bought a Booda hideaway scoop on Amazon about four years ago . It was a well designed , sturdy scoop with a attractive cover . After an international move , I decided last month to buy a new copy of the same model . This is NOT the same product ! As others have mentioned , there are three big problems . First , and least significantly , the stickers on the cover are almost impossible to remove . Second , the entire construction is very flimsy and bends under the stress of a large clump . Third , and most grievously , the scalloped edge makes the easy task of cleaning a box with clumping litter into a nightmare . It can not clean against the edges -LRB- especially the rounded edges of a Booda dome . -RRB- It rips well-formed clumps to shreds , making a sticky and seriously gross mess.Don ' t trust this item 's overall high rating or the older favorable reviews . This is , as another recent purchaser reviewed , the world 's worst litter scoop .
 not worth the price , and not easy to use . Light weight and clumsy with regard to inserting in place and retreiving it to use ... besides , I returned the Booda Dome that is was purchased for .
 Aside from sitting on it for the initial claiming period , this has n't gotten much use . I would n't really recommend this to anyone . A full grown cat ca n't really use this for it 's intended purpose of scratching because it has no stability . It moves . Once a cat senses movement , it is completely turned off . At which point this becomes useless .
 I 'd seen this in use for years at barber shops and figured it must be a great product . Once the can arrived , I perused the label and was shocked to find some of the nastiest chemicals on earth in this stuff . I might consider using this in an industrial setting -LRB- sanitizing pet/animal shears , etc -RRB- , but I would n't dream of puttings this stuff on anything that touches human skin .
 our dog loves to play with balls but is aging and her teeth are having difficulties grabbing the toy ; but will continue to search for a more appropriate type for our small Boston Terrier .
 Useless , since cat refuses to eat it . He does n't like the taste . Waste . Does n't seems to do much even when I force feed .
 My cat has lost her teeth due to periodontal disease so I have been searching for a way to get more minerals and nutrients into her diet because all she can eat is wet food . I bought this because of all of the positive reviews . My cat is not picky at all so I thought this would be a great idea . Well as soon as I got it I opened it and tried to get her to smell it . She squinted at me and walked away . I then squirted some on my finger and rubbed it on her nose for her to lick off . Well she was not happy ! She ran and hid from me and for the rest of the day hissed at me . When I tried to get her to try it the next day she continued to hiss at me . SHE NEVER HISSES AT ME ! Ever ! I tried offering it to my blue Russian who will eat anything -LRB- including ear swabs -RRB- and he ran from me as well . This product is a bust !!
 Unfortunately , despite the description and ingredients supposed to be enticing , like L'aixe Air ... which my cat loves , he wo n't touch this stuff . Very disappointing - i was hoping for the extra vitamin intake .
 I purchased this product for my senior cat who needed to put on weight following an illness . He hated the smell and taste of it . He would not eat it even when food was placed over top of it .
 I have been trying to find something to mix in with my cat 's food . He is on a low protein diet after his kidneys started to fail , and I was really hoping this would work . He does n't even want to smell the stuff ... I guess I will have to keep looking !
 My cat is sick and has a bad appetite so we wanted to get more calories into him by giving him NutriCal . He has no interest in eating this . Putting it on his paw just upsets him so we gave up on this product .
 I bought a whole bunch of these little 10 inch pet collars because they were really inexpensive at $ 2 each . I 'm using them as luggage tag straps , not as pet collars . For my purposes , they are fine because they are still made of strong nylon webbing and the buckle is firmly attached . The colors are good standard primary colors , and the buckle is a normal silver colored metal.But I 've purchased similar ones in the past from supermarkets and pet stores -LRB- probably made in China ... -RRB- and the finishing on these is truly inferior . So just in case you 're fussy about how nice the collar looks on your pet , here are the appearance issues . The collar 's holes -LRB- for size adjustment -RRB- really look like amateur time
 The product is a good product and my dogs love these treats , however for this order the two bags I received have expiration dates of May 2008 . I will not order from this site again .
 These did n't fit very well in the Booda Dome . I could use a trash bag and have better results . Skip these and get the No Track Litter Mat instead .
 I 'm not sure if it 's a fault on the filter or the litter box but the filters do not stay in the hood .
 The litter box still smells like poop to me , and so does my room that I have it in . Do n't see a difference with and without this filter .
 I tried these , but the dome does n't keep the filter in place so it 's falling down into the litter ! Grrrrrrr.I have put a dab of duct tape up there to hold the thing in place , and just rinse it , soak it with vinegar and put it out in the sun with the Booda and that 's all that is needed each time I change the litter .
 I read all the reviews on this how good it was for worming your puppies so I thought I would try it.ALL of my puppies have tested positive for worms.I do not recommend this at all .
 I did not find it as good as I thought it would be . Not highly recommended for those who have not tried it before
 I received this cage , and promply put it together . I got it as sort of an additional play room for my rats . I had intended on hooking it to the other cage I had purchased elsewhere , via the tubes it comes with . The plastic bottom was all warped , and the holes in the side of the cage were oddly shaped , so it made getting the tubes in nearly impossible . I was so frusterated , and by the time I got everything put together , I had scrapes all over my knuckles . However , it does have one nice feature , to where the bottom slides out , making it easy to clean , but the bedding seems to fall out because it does n't fit flush with the rest of the cage . But I 'd say that small ` plus ' does n't over-ride the fact that it 's pretty much a shoddy cage . My rats seem to love it , so that 's a good thing , but I know I wo n't be buying another of this brand again .
 This was awful to assemble . The tubes are halves that fit together to make a whole portion , there are many pieces of the wire cage so that everytime that I try to adjust something another area comes undone . The wheel was awful . My son has a mouse , he is good sized but the wheel stuck everytime around . I had to replace it . It did n't come with a water bottle . The tubes do look fun , maybe for a hamster or a bigger rodent but the 2 mice we have had in it do n't like the upper portions of the tubing . I am looking online now for a better option . The tray that pulls out for cleaning is a nice feature . I have been putting pieces of paper to line the bottom of the cage because the wire is n't supposed to be good for the little feet . The shredded stuff falls right through and is awful to try to remove .
 Diappointed with the quality of the product - I only have one cat who used it and it started coming apart after one day .
 Bottle says to cut x with scissors . When puppy started sucking on it , to much came out -LRB- hole was to big -RRB- . Milk came out of nose , puppy was dead in an hour :-LRB- , if you buy this product do n't follow their stupid directions . As a matter of fact , i hope karma catches up with the idiot in charge of labeling . If i would 've gone with common sense , i would 've just made a hole with a hot needle .
 I bought this spray marketed as safe for cats today for my adult cat . 1.5 hours after application she lost her coordination , kept falling over ; her back legs wo n't move properly . Meanwhile my cat 's freaking out and running into things , trying to run away from a boogey man she ca n't see . I called Adams and they said sometimes the sprays contain alcohol ... really ? Their solution was to wash my cat down and monitor her . This stuff should not be sold and marketed to cat owners . Yeah it kills fleas . It may kill your fur baby too and make you sick . My nose was running while I was spraying my cat .
 I have a chi/papillon mix , she weights 5 lbs . Used the mist and right now -LRB- 6-03 -RRB- I am going through Vet Bills , dog having severe seizures and still not sure dog will survive . Please DO NOT use this on any animal . It is dangerous . I did wash it out but it was too late . We still do not know if the dog will survive.Toni
 I tried this product because it was cheap . What a mistake . I tried it on 2 cats . One started foaming at the mouth , so I immediately gave her a bath with dish soap . The other larger cat -LRB- who rarely licks himself -RRB- did n't foam at the mouth so I left it on.The only noticeable effect -LRB- aside from the foam and drool -RRB- this had was the fleas crawled around more as though they were uncomfortable . There were noticeably less fleas on the cat washed in dish soap.Use it on animals you do n't like .
 I HATE the version I was sent with the new formulation . I really wish they had n't done this . It does n't appear to work any better than the old , and not only does my cat fight having it done -LRB- he did n't with the old formulation -RRB- he appeared almost ill from it -LRB- and that did n't happen with the old formulation -RRB- . I wasted a lot of money on this because I thought I was getting the same formulation as what I had . I refuse to use it anymore because I do n't want to make my cat sick . .
 I used this on my 3 animals . 2 dogs and my cat . They all lost some fur , I have used it in the past and it was great . Im guessing they went messing with a good thing . Whatever they did , It did n't agree with my animals at all . It makes me sad to see there suffering .
 This may work for some cats , but mine licked a bit off her fur and immediately began foaming at the mouth and drooling . She was so listless that she did n't even fight when I whisked her to the bath and got the damn stuff off her . If you do use this and have the same reaction , IMMEDIATELY wash it off thoroughly in the bath with dawn or some gentle dish soap and keep an eye on your pet . This stuff is better used for furniture than cats . Highly NOT recommended .
 I got this product because my dog is allergic to * everything * and I wanted to be able to test a small amount without committing to a full application . I know that lots of animals do have sensitivities to flea and tick products -LRB- it 's not easy to kill fleas , so yeah , the ingredients in most of the products are pretty harsh -RRB- , and this has similar active ingredients to leading flea and tick treatments , making it a good test.After a test -LRB- and waiting a couple of days to make sure there were no adverse reactions -RRB- , I tried a full application . The dosage information for cats and smaller dogs is fairly clear -LRB- 1-2 sprays per pound the animal weighs -RRB- , but for larger dogs it 's very vague -LRB- spray until damp , not saturated -RRB- . I have a 98 pound German Shepherd who had fleas before application . I sprayed him with the flea and tick mist to the point where I would have called him thoroughly damp . I gave it about a week to give the spray a chance to work , and still found fleas when I checked . Figuring there 's a lot of room for interpretation in the word `` damp '' , I sprayed him again more thoroughly . That was about a week ago and I just found more fleas . It was n't a bad infestation to start with -- I was hoping to nip it in the bud -- and at least it does n't appear to have gotten any worse ... The dog does n't care much for the spray part -LRB- strange sound , then sudden cold wetness ? I ca n't blame him -RRB- and hates the smell -LRB- alcohol and chemicals -- again , ca n't blame him -RRB- even though it dissipates after an hour or so -RRB- . He runs away when he sees the bottle , and tries to get away throughout the application process . With a big dog , it 's just not practical . And , since he still has fleas , it 's probably also not the best application method for large dogs.I 'll keep using it on the cats , though . They did n't have fleas before -LRB- despite living with a dog who does -RRB- , still do n't have fleas , and are small enough that application is quick and straightforward . -LRB- disclaimer
 We recently bought this crap from our Vet for our kittens . We dabbed a little bit on Christo 's head as a test and it immediately started jerking around , heavily salivating then full on foaming at the mouth ! Our poor kitten ! This was only a few dabs of Adams mind you . We called the Vet right away and was told `` oh yeah , that happens some times . Your cat will stop foaming within an hour '' . What the f * k ? The smell of this horrible product made both me and my wife nauseas as well . It is so highly scented as to be noxious . We had to remove from the room the cotton ball we used to apply the test on Christo.The only reason we tried this stuff is because our kittens are n't yet old enough for the really right flea treatment - apparently called `` revolution '' . In the meantime we 're going back to plan A for our kits - Dawn Pure Essential baths with lots of fresh water for the rinse.Stay away from Adams . It 's pyrethrin - the same stuff they use to kill cockroaches !
 They sent me the puppy kit when I ordered the Kitten kit - I went back and checked my order and I did order Kitten . Than the sample formula was expired by about 6 months . Only thing I can use in kit is the bottle so this ended up being expensive for just one bottle . Not worth the cost to return . Next time I will buy from petstore and make sure I get correct formula and non expired formula .
 I ordered this product from Grady 's because it was slightly cheaper than the other listed sellers . Big mistake ! The product arrived on time and appeared to be the product I ordered . However , I first noticed something was wrong when the top of the bottle was taped shut with a strip of packing tape . I found this odd , as every other bottle I 've ordered has had standard packaging that fixes the top to the bottle on its own . Next , when I opened it to use on my dog it was green and thin in consistency . As any Adams Flea Shampoo user knows , Adams is bright blue -LRB- like the bottle -RRB- and thick in consistency . To make matters worse , whatever shampoo or chemical they filled the Adams bottle with , caused an allergic reaction on my dog 's skin . 3 months later , we are still trying to get his skin and coat back to normal . He 's lost lumps of hair and developed lesions all over his skin . I will never order from them again ! I would n't even give them a star if I could .
 After a lot of research , I discovered the Adams collars for our three cats . They seemed to have the right ingredients that were both safe for our pets and effective against their would-be passengers . I will say that we have noticed zero fleas . But now in May , we 've been pulling lots of ticks off of one of our cats . I just now pulled up the product listing on amazon to see whether perhaps it was claimed only as a flea collar , but it does say `` flea & tick '' . It seems ineffective against ticks . Some of the ticks have even been attached in areas close to the collar , like ears and shoulders .
 They had the wrong description for this item . It said 18-count , but I received one bone , paid $ 17 in shipping and just got one bone . The GREAT thing about this experience was that Amazon 's A-to-Z policy fixed it all and refunded me the full amount!I LOVE AMAZON !!!
 looked good to my however my dog would not eat , she might be spoiled with fresh chicken liver as treats
 First
 My Miniture Schnauzer shows no interest in these . He will walk away and eat them whenever . Apparently they do not entice him the eat them .
 I guess I should have read the fine print on this one . The treat only fits the Extra-Small sized Kong toy , it is too tiny for the Small sized toy . Since I have a 15 lb puppy , I have the small-sized Kong . For me , these just ended up being treats rather than Kong-stuffers .
 This is better at keeping me away from an area then my cats . To me it Stinks my brother ca n't smell anything and I think neither can my cat because after spraying an area to where its soaked couple of hours later he 's there going no 2 again . I have used up 75 % of the can in a few days and it has do n't nothing to train the cat . What a waste of money .
 With poor packaging , the product came with a broken top , which of course , is still spray-able , so we did not return the product , esp when we needed to use it urgently anyway.However , the product was not as effective as we want it to be . It came with a strong smell and we need to spray alot to make it work for just a day or two . So basically , if you want it to work , you have to spray it EVERYDAY with a LARGE quantity , too . Because we were spraying it at our rose garden to keep the neighbor 's cat away , we also noticed that we can not water the plant after spraying , and the winter rain is just not helping .
 If you are looking for a safe and non-toxic solution I would keep looking right now . Anything with stronger warnings than your typical household cleaner with bleach is probably not something you want to be spraying on everything on your home . I am really not a `` non-toxic fanatic '' but the warning label which takes up the majority of the container made me feel a little worried.I used a little of this stuff right out of the can without paying much mind to the directions and though the smell was relatively pleasant it kind of stung my eyes . I read the instruction and was a bit horrified at the warnings . Do not get it on your skin as it can be toxic if it enters your blood stream via skin , and of course the can leaked on first use and got on my hands and then the mist got on my feet . All I wanted to read was if it was safe on leather and found myself washing my hand and feet in water -LRB- it suggested 30 minutes -RRB- . I recall the part where it says not to actually get it on the cat as it was toxic to them too , I did not get to the part where it mentioned not inhaling this stuff before I threw the can away in fear , but I can tell you honestly the smell made me little queasy and my husband who did not know that I had sprayed anything complained his eyes were stinging about a half hour after application.In regards to working ... it kept the cat out of the entire room for about 25 minutes and then had absolutely no impact whatsoever .
 We have two cats and this product had NO effect on either one of them . We sprayed it on paper towels and laid those where we did n't want the cats to go and instead they went directly there and laid down comfortably for hours . It was n't a repellent in any sense of the word .
 The aerosol noise scared the cats , but they were back in no time . This stuff reeks to humans , but phased the cats not at all .
 This stuff is terrible . Just a small spray fills the entire room . The smell is so irritating and overwhelming for me , but has no effect on my cats . They are back in the area I sprayed in less than an hour . Do not buy .
 I have to two cats and this only worked with one of them and only while it was still wet . The cat with the problem was n't even phased by it at all . It was not worth our money .
 It does not seem to keep our cats off the areas where we have sprayed . It has an unpleasant odor but that does not seem to bother the cats . I think I wasted my money .
 I am not happy with this product at all . It said it would last for 24 hours and it did n't last a good 2 hours . I had to respray the area I was trying to keep my cat from over and over . He about came immune to the spray too . I was trying to keep him from going under the bed . He is tearing the lining from the box spring . Yet when I sprayed after the 2nd or 3rd time , he started going under the bed . I wo n't buy this product again .
 smells so bad i can not tolerate it but the cats could careless and went right on eating things they should not which is a huge problem , my male cat has PICA -LRB- he eats strange things such as carpet fibers , loose threads from any where , hair etc -RRB-
 This product should be listed in the category of Human Repellent . It smells * awful * and ... it gives you a raging headache the minute it hits the air . Meanwhile , the cats are blithely strolling up to smell the furniture in question , sniffing inquisitively , and then blissfully scratching away . It 's like a comedy routine.If you do n't want to end up clutching at your forehead while listening to the -LRB- now very painful -RRB- sound of claws on furniture , I would advise against trying this product .
 I bought a can of this about two weeks ago . My one cat keeps urinating on an area rug . We sprayed the carpet good , as well the furniture around it . A few hours later I caught the cat on the carpet playing with a toy ... does n't seem to work .
 I have a 12 yr old female cat and a 5 yr old male cat . I bought this is try to keep them off the tables and counters . It did not phase them one bit , they did n't even sniff around like they could smell anything .
 If you have Allergies , do not buy . It 's odor is strong and pungent . It works poorly . My cat ignores it and goes back to same spoy
 My cat does not really seem to mind the smell very much . He will avoid the spot that is sprayed for about an hour , after that the repellent has evaporated to the point that it no longer does any good . It does n't seem to matter how much spray I use . Would not recommend .
 I got this product to stop my cats from sitting on the window , but it never stopped them . I think it is my fault though , because the products smell was so strong and bad after an hour I had to clean it .
 The plastic edges are not sealed properly and unless you have wee-wee pad weights to hold them down , expect your puppy/dog to have fun tearing at its edges with their teeth . The padding itself is not as thick compared to other brands , and the smell is unbearable -LRB- I find I have to throw them away in the evening of the same day -RRB- . They remind me of the `` economy '' pads .
 I have to give my cat 2 pills everyday . I am horrible at force feeding the pill and feel awful when it comes to that . My cat would eat the Pill Pockets brand that I purchased from my Vet . My Vet switched brands to Greenies and my cat wo n't touch it . I tried covering the Greenies Pill Pocket in tuna `` juice '' and cover the pill pocket in wet food , he did n't fall for it . I purchased this product because it said it was the Pill Pocket brand . I received the Greenies brand . I e-mailed the company that sent me the product and they informed me that Greenies bought out Pill Pockets . The company that shipped the item has offered to take back the item and are sending me a pre-paid package to send it back . They have also said they will provide a refund.What I have found that works , some of the time , is covering the pill in cream cheese -LRB- rolled into a little ball -RRB- , chicken and beef . If these do not work , I sandwich the pill between two soft treats and mold them together so the pill is fully covered.Greenies Pill Pockets might work for you and your cat , just not mine.Good Luck .
 My cats would n't even touch them . They just pawed them around a bit . Too bad it 's a non-returnable item . Good luck .
 Maybe some cats like these , but mine want nothing to do with them . I think part of it is the extremely gummy texture . I definitely was n't expecting that .
 My cat is pretty laid back , but when it comes to pills , it is a two person job to `` pill the cat '' . The pill pockets worked exactly two times before the cat got wise to the ruse and refused to have anything to do with them . He wo n't even eat a pill pocket as it comes straight out of the package now . You might improve your odds by making certain that you pinch the treat shut with the other hand , so that the outside does not pick up the flavor or smell of the pill . I did this , but I think that the cat still knew that there was something `` funny '' about this treat . Maybe my cat really does n't like Salmon flavor , but he did eat them twice.UPDATE!I decided to give the Pill Pockets one more try , this time success!The key , as I hinted above , is that you must take extreme care not to get the flavor or odor of the pill on the outside of the treat . If you are right handed putting the pill in , use your left hand to pinch the treat shut.Even better is this sequence of steps :1 . Withhold food from the cat for three to four hours so he is good and hungry .2 . Lock the cat in another room so he ca n't see or smell what you are doing .3 . Get out the pill and prepare it -LRB- such as cutting in half if this is the doseage given -RRB- , then set it on the counter .4 . Wash your hands carefully , using a soap that the cat does n't mind , rinse your hands well and dry with a paper towel or clean dish towel .5 . Use tweezers to insert the pill into the Pill Pocket , do not use your hands ! 6 . Now pinch the Pill Pocket shut , being careful not to touch the pill .7 . Now feed it to the cat.I first thought that when the cat started chewing , he would spit out the pill , but he did n't ! He licked his nose , which is a sign that he swallowed everything.Based on this new experience , I have upgraded my rating to three stars . The product would get five stars if the package had given instructions similar to these .
 Our cat is pretty mellow with the exception of taking pills . We tried pill pockets and it worked only twice . I was VERY , VERY careful with not contaminating the pill-pocket with the medicine taste . Cats , unlike dogs , are chewers , and once he chewed the medicine in the pill pocket , he stopped eat them altogether . Another time he ate around the pocket and left the pill ! Later , I tried with just an empty pill pocket and he gulped that up ! Arghh . I finally resorted to crushing the tablet and mixing it with a very small amount of baby food -LRB- ham or some kind of meat -RRB- and now I just smear it on the cat 's teeth or put it directly inside his month -LRB- he wo n't eat the baby food with the meds otherwise -RRB- . SUCCESS ! Thank goodness we found a way to administer the pill , since our cat has to have a daily dose for 60 days !
 You get a good number of the treats , even thought they are still pricey . They are very soft , and quite a few were pretty squished , though the treats are soft enough you could likely mold them around the pill if need be I suppose . As for the cat ... he gobbled up the empty ones in seconds . He eagerly gobbled up the one with the pill as well , only as soon as he bit into it and discovered the pill , and out onto the floor it went . He did like the treat enough to lick the treat off a bit though , leaving the soggy pill behind . Another empty he ate slightly hesitantly , and for a wonder the next with a pill actually went down the way it was supposed to . Yay ! I thought , no more struggling with pills . The next time though , he bit into the treat and found the pill again . In fact , he 'd deliberately nibble at it , uncovering the pill . After that , when I tried again , he started to refuse the treats at all , even without a pill . In fact , he 'd gotten so distrustful so quickly of the hidden pill trick , he even distrusted any soft treat for several days after and I had to resort to crunchy ones as his reward for swallowing pills . It 's too bad he seems to chew his food rather than bolting it . -LRB- hiding pills in food never worked for him either -RRB- I think if he did n't chew , they might have worked better . As it is , we now resort to a routine . He gets fed , then picked up and carried to a particular chair . He gets sat up to recieve the pill , pill goes in , and he 's rewarded with treats as soon as the pill goes down . After several times of the routine , while he does n't come running for it , he settles down and stops struggling and running away right after . Rather , he looks about eagerly as if to say , `` where 's my treat ? I 'm supposed to get a treat now you know . '' At least the pill pockets were useful for that much at any rate !
 These used to be amazing , but they changed for the formula a while back and now my cat wo n't eat either flavor . Very disappointed .
 not durable at all ! my dog destroyed it in under 15 minutes . very disappointed ! i do not reccommend this toy !
 My lab had pieces of the tread off in 5 minutes . Also if I threw it and it hit the wall , it 'd leave a black mark >:-LRB- it is already in the trash can in pieces .
 I bought this toy specifically because it was advertised as tough and industrial strength . It is neither . I have an aggressive chewer who cleared off eight of the treads in two minutes . I had to take it away from him and put it on the shelf . So much for his Christmas present ...
 My corgi is an aggressive chewer toy consumer . He had some of the tread chewed off in 5 minutes . But I would recommend this over the tire biter brand because he did n't get sick . This is made in China .
 works , is exactly as advertised , but it 's just way too expensive , found one at a LFS 2 days after receiving for 4 bucks .
 I have three cats . One of them will eat these but only half-heartedly and I find the remains of some left behind so they are not a big hit .
 Do NOT buy this ! My cats would n't eat it , and within two days , I figured out why . I took it out of the bag , and there was MOLD ALL OVER IT !!
 I got these and opened a package quickly giving some to my cat only to notice they were moldy . Noticed package expiration date has passed some time ago . Cat was mad when I took them back from her . I suppose these would be pretty good if not spoiled .
 I would n't recommend the undergravel filter with only one bubble tube , the problem being that air bubbles build up underneath the filter in the corners and suddenly erupt with a BURP spewing debris and huge air bubbles up and out through the gravel , my poor Silver Dollars think they are under attack and smack into the glass ! My other tank has a filter with a tube in each corner and it works perfect , going to buy that one now , poor fish !
 I was so excited about receiving this harness . We were planning on using it when we go to the beach next week ! I received it today and put it on my dog . I took a picture and sent it to my husband . After I sent the picture I tried to take it off but I could n't get it unsnapped . I ended up having to make it larger and pull his front legs through the back side and slip both circles over his head . Not a great experience ! I am in the process of trying to return it ! I will not be exchanging , that 's for sure !
 This product simply does n't work at all , and does nothing to remove pet hair . Please do NOT buy this and waste your money .
 The wheel design -LRB- round tube outside of cage -RRB- is TERRIBLE . I do n't think they ever tested this on a live hamster . Our hamster decided that would be the ideal place to nest AND run . The sound of hamster food , hamster droppings and shavings being slung around is worse than a handful of gravel in your clothes dryer ! We had to put a stick through the opening of the wheel to lock it in place and give her a smaller wheel inside the cage to run . We will sometimes ` unlock ' that wheel so that she can run in it while we are n't home to hear it ... it slings hammy ` filth ' in about a 3 foot radius . We are very disappointed . No matter how many times we dump and clean the wheel -LRB- no easy task as it does n't fully disassemble ... -RRB- she is n't discouraged from nesting there .
 We thought this cage looked fun for our newest pet . It is horrible ! He poops in the wheel and then when he runs poop flies everywhere . The wheel is also very noisy . We had hoped to move the hamster into our daughters room but the noise would keep her up all night . The hamster has figured out how to open the door to the look-out room and escape . We now have it taped shut with mailing tape . After 3 escapes it is time for us to find a new cage .
 Do not buy this cage ! It is a piece of garbage . Upon assembly , the entire top cracked . Every time I clean it , a new piece breaks . The wheel is impossible to clean , as it does not come apart so waste collects and you will spend a great deal of time swirling water through it trying to get it clean to no avail . The sky tower does not fasten properly and your hamster will escape . Petco and all other sellers should be embarrassed to actually be taking money for such a piece of junk ! Shame on all of them for continuing to sell such a poor quality product .
 Concur with the rest of reviewers complaining about the poor design of this cage - while it is certainly appealing to the -LRB- human -RRB- eye - it 's a logistic nightmare . The plastic wheel gets full of urine and feces and is terribly difficult to clean -LRB- thus it smells awful in a day or two -RRB- ; it 's difficult to see the critters through the dark plastic ; the external wheel-access tube is really hard to pull out without breaking it - and thus makes routine disassembly -LRB- for cleaning -RRB- even harder ; and most importantly , average-size mice can -LRB- will ... -RRB- ESCAPE through the ill-fitting rooftop wheel access tube - which is why I 'm giving it 1 star - because it 's marketed as an appropriate habitat for mice - and it is not . In spite of this cage 's -LRB- now obvious -RRB- design faults , if it at least CONTAINED the critters I 'd give it 2 stars , grumble about cleaning it and move on with my life , but if I have to spend hours running around the house in search of escaped -LRB- rodent -RRB- convicts , that 's a deal-breaker . $ 40 bucks down the -LRB- hamster -RRB- tube . Absolutely would NOT recommend .
 We bought this habitat along with another for our two hamsters . Both habitat 's have been nothing but nightmares ! This particular habitat may look really neat , and both of our hamsters loved the big purple wheel , but unfortunately they could n't figure out how to get out of it . The first night we had the hamsters they were running around in the big purple wheel having a great time , but after getting up in the morning we realized that they were n't having a great time but trying to get out of the stinking wheel !! We actually had to rescue them and then remove the wheel because they kept getting stuck in it . Then we realized after we removed the wheel that the hamsters can now escape through the hole in the top of the cage that the wheel is supposed to cover up so now we 've had to figure out how to cover the hole so the hamsters are safe . All-in-all if I could go back we would n't have wasted the money on this or the other CritterTrail cage we bought . Sure , they look really cool and have lots of accessories to add on -LRB- if you can get them to work -RRB- but in reality save your money and buy a better built , more accessorizable cage instead .
 Definitely NOT a good choice for my winter white dwarf , even though the bars are narrow enough for him to not escape . He got into the wheel and could n't find his way out -LRB- he 's too short/small -RRB- ... I have my 9 mos old Syrian using the wheel , liking it , but the cage itself is not large enough for him and I question its quality as there was a crack under the fly wheel that occurred during installation , which is why I unfortunately can not return this cage after using it just 3 days . I suggest if you have a dwarf , to get the Habitrail dwarf habitat as my hamster took to it and loved it right away . Perhaps this might be a good choice for a younger Syrian and may work out okay if my dwarf can grow into it ... but I have to be honest in that I am not impressed with CritterTrail products after seeing how much better made Habitrail is .
 My daughter saved up for weeks and bought this cage with her own money , which makes me even angrier that it is so cheaply made . It falls apart very easily and is difficult to clean . We are looking for a new cage . Very disappointing .
 I bought this at PetSmart a few months ago for my 2 year olds new hamster Buddy and I agree with the others that it is a pain to clean . My biggest problem with it though is that my hamster can easily open the lookout tower and also the wheel if I place on the ground . The latches are very easy for him to open from the inside and he has escaped once . I finally resorted to using packing tape to keep the tower closed and do n't allow Buddy to play in his wheel on the floor anymore . Also , there is a problem with the the wheel hooking to the habitat and the little wheels that the wheel spins on wore out very quickly leaving shavings all over the place . We had to order replacement parts for that already too . Not impressed at all , but am stuck with it until I can justify buying a new one .
 I bought my daughter this cage for her hamsters and at first the food and poop were in the wheel and when hamster would run the food and poop went everywhere . Now the hamster has carried all his bedding/food/poop into wheel and he is stuck . This product is horrible and I 'm going to return it today . DO NOT BUY !!!!!
 We have several plastic hamster habitats and this by far is the worst . We have 2 hamsters and neither can get out of the wheel once they get in . They will try and try , but just ca n't pull themselves up the tube . We have a robo , and a dwarf hamster , so maybe if you had a larger one it could get out , Also , as has been stated in other reviews , the wheel is impossible to clean . You have to soak it in the tub to actually get it clean . Right now we are looking to buy another cage for ours .
 This cage is very cute and appealing to the eye , but cleaning it is strenuous . Assembly is simple because everything snaps tightly together , but for this same reason , disassembling it to clean it is difficult . I have n't broken the pieces just yet , but I have broken several fingernails instead.Also , the wheel attachment does not seem very well thought out . As the hamster runs in it and goes to the bathroom in it -LRB- because all hamsters do -RRB- , it gets very dirty but does not come apart enough for thorough cleaning . That , and the sound of hamster droppings clinking in it is enough to drive a person insane.Perhaps other Crittertrail cages would be a better choice , because I do understand the allure of the expansion kits and universal connectors for future renovation .
 my black bear hamster has already outgrown this cage in about a week . the spinny wheel on top is a flimsy , dirty nightmare . it 's loud and wobbles off the base . taking the cage apart to clean involves taking apart everything and breaking a few pieces accidentally or intentionally , since they do n't snap apart or together easily . i would n't recommend this to anyone , especially since i paid full price for it at petsmart ! i am going to try a different crittertrail cage because i like the tubes . the only bonus i see is that my hamster poops in the lookout tower , which should in theory be easy to clean but in reality is frustrating .
 We purchased this cage three weeks ago for a our son , and we are shopping tomorrow for a new one . The hamsters are very hard to see through the dark plastic . Additionally , they like to sleep -LRB- they are in it basically all day -RRB- in the wheel , therefore they do a lot of pooping in it . I have been unable to get it apart to clean it , and we can never get the hamsters out to play with because they are always hiding in it . I had to remove the wheel and soak it in the tub while my son babysat the cage so our furry little friends did n't escape.I am currently on amazon reading reviews to find out a better alternative . I called the store to see if we could return the cage , but they said it is unreturnable .
 I loved the way this cage looked , it 's really pretty and an entirely unique wheel design . It 's too bad it did n't turn out to be practical.There are at least four major design flaws with this cage :1 -RRB- The wheel does n't come apart for cleaning .2 -RRB- Dwarf hamsters -LRB- the box claims it is an appropriate cage for these -RRB- are too small to get out of the wheel . Once they get in , they are stuck there .3 -RRB- The tube does n't connect to the wheel , leaving a small gap . The `` latch '' on the end of the tube there serves absolutely no purpose .4 -RRB- The lid of the penthouse can easily be pushed open by a hamster as it does n't lock tightly in place.The cage looks cool , but I would pass on it .
 I wish Crittertrail brand would be removed from every pet store and from Amazon . I bought this at Petco and immediately thought I must be missing an essential part where the wheel connects to the tubing . But no , I have read the reviews on Amazon and realize this is just that poorly manufactured . My hamster -LRB- NOT a dwarf -RRB- could have easily escaped from the gap that would appear with the slightest jostle of the cage . So I went back to Petco and exchanged this habitat for another CritterTrail habitat . Unfortunately for me , I again read the reviews too late . The new cage has a look-out tower just like this Dazzle one and reviewers had warned of the hamsters being able to pop the hatch open . I did n't quite believe it until I saw my hamster with her upper torso hanging out of the tower ! Luckily the cat was outside or she could have had a hamster meal ! There are reviews of the other CritterTrail habitats stating the house cats having eaten the escaped rodent due to the poor design of these cages ! This product should not be on the market ! I now have a thick band holding the hatch down !
 I purchased this cage from our local PETSMART for my daughter 's hampster . Within 3 weeks , her hampster started to escape from his cage and we could n't figure out why . The cage was assembled correctly and only the door in the tower was open . I was sure that my daughter had left it open , but when he escaped after I secured the cage , I knew that something was n't right . He escaped once again and had to be taken to the vet because he got out and crawled in a small space where a mouse trap was set up and up , he got his face smashed by the trap . He survived and we nursed him along in a small spare cage we had until he was back to normal . I put him back in his cage and waited and watched . The hampster was able to use his nose to pop the latch in the tower . There is no way that he should have been able to do that ! I contacted Petsmart and they said that there was nothing that they could do about it . I ended up duct taping the tower door shut on the outside . It did n't look very nice , but he was safe or so I thought . The hampster found another way to get out , and again I taped the problem spot closed . He escaped several more times and when we were done , almost the whole cage had duct tape on it . Then the unthinkable happened , the hampster got stuck and ended up breaking his back trying to get un-stuck from this death trap . As you can imagine my daughter was heartbroken . There is no way that a hampster 8 or 9 months old should die in a cage that I paid almost $ 50.00 for . A cage is supposed to keep your pet safe , not kill it . He died in the beginning of November and I have yet to receive a call or letter or email from the company . Apparently they do n't care about their products , reputation or our pets . I would n't buy anything from them !
 We bought this cage for our fancy russian dwarf hamster . we cant get him out of the wheel . he sleeps in the wheel , & he leaves the wheel only to eat and drink , then he stockpiles his seeds and food in the wheel . when he tries to run he gets smacked with piles of food . he also pees in his wheel which creates an ammonia `` spelled wrong ? LOL '' smell . then it is very hard to take the wheel apart , especially everyday ? I DONT recomend this cage ! P.S. did I forget to mention how loud the food is in the wheel when he tries to run in it ??
 This cage is horrible , I should 've listened to the other reviews - the lazy lookout is too easy for a hamster to get out of - even after duct taping the lid shut , my daughters teddy bear hamster still managed to pop the entire top half off and escape . She is heartbroken . Do not get this please !
 I now own this cage and I have experienced the most horrible memories with this cage . This cage looks appealing but my hammy has gotten out of this cage not once but twice . My hamster got out because it could open the cage from the inside , not a secure door ! Also I have broke the wheel just trying to open the wheel to clean it which is also very flimsy . It is very very hard to clean
 I purchased this cage for my daughter 's first gerbil . We brought him home and set him up in the cage . 2 days later I came home from work to find part of his tail missing and blood inside the wheel . He managed to get his tail caught between one of the ventilation spaces in the wheel . We immediately returned this cage and bought a new one for him . He survived the ordeal and is much happier in his new cage ! I would not recommend buying this page .
 I received a hamster last Friday and got this cage along with it . The wheel is impossible to clean and when she goes to the bathroom in it , it clanks around there with her . You ca n't take the wheel apart for a thorough cleaning . She is also able to get out of the `` lookout '' area . She discovered this last night by pushing her head up and unclasping the top of it . I found her happy as can be on the floor ! Going to Petsmart tonight to look for another cage . Also the tubes are very hard to connect together . Overall it 's spacious and cute , just not thought out very well .
 The wheel on this cage is a pain in the butt to clean i could n't get it apart once it was together and my hamster put food in it at night and ran it makes a loud annoying noise .
 This cage is horrible . Our daughters hamster has gotten out of the top look out tower twice . We had to rubber band the clip so she couldnt bite and push it open , THEN she pushed the entire top off ! We had to purchase a different piece to use there ... expensive and NOT easy to find.Secondly to clean this stupid wheel is IMPOSSIBLE . The little critter runs and pees and poops , so you have urine all through the wheel PLUS the joy of listening to the clinking of hamster poop bouncing all through the wheel . To clean it you have to use a screw driver to pry the plastic pieces apart , completely take it apart and wash ... then allow to dry . Meanwhile there is no way to close off the hole so the hamster cant get out . AND because the wheel is on top of the cage there is pee dripping down onto the cage as well as whatever the cage is on ... gross.I would keep looking .
 These filters did not control the litter box smell very well . There was no difference after I added the filter ...
 they are not worth the cost . The filters do not stay inside the booda and the cat scratches holes into the filter and litter is every where .
 Unfortunately most people are ill informed about vegan cats , including most veterinarians.Wild cats are in fact obligate carnivores . However , in domesticating the house cat and bringing it into our homes we have effectively removed the cat from its natural prey of mice , insects , birds , lizards , and other small creatures . During the past 100 years or so , as the human food industry was searching for a way to salvage and use all the waste materials from its processing lines , it came upon a wonderful solution . Lets boil it all up and dry it out and add it to the food we make for cats and dogs . As a result , the vast majority of commercial pet foods contain what are euphemistically referred to as the four D 's , dead , dying , disabled , and diseased animals , along with other quite undesirable materials . Quite frankly , if you are feeding this junk to your pets , you are effectively poisoning them . We are seeing diseases in pets today that we have never seen before because of the wide variety of contaminated ingredients that are finding their way into the food we feed our companion animals . You know `` garbage in , garbage out ! `` Now the issue here is not meat ; it is about providing all the essential and non-essential amino acids -LRB- the building blocks of proteins -RRB- and vitamins and minerals that are bio-available to the particularly unique physiology of felids -LRB- cats -RRB- . The quality , quantity , and availability of these nutrients can come from any source , and for those of us who are vegan , the best source is vegetable based.Tens of thousands , perhaps hundreds of thousands , of cats around the world live quite well on one of the several available vegan cat foods that are recognized as nutritionally complete . I personally have had 31/2 years of experience in feeding the Evolution kibble product that this review is addressing . It is a high quality product that is AAFCO certified as nutritionally complete for all life stages in cats . Not only is this product safe to feed your cat , but if you follow the recommended feeding procedures , you will find many benefits to both your cat 's health and your wallet.If you desire more detailed information , I invite you to do a google search on vegan cats . I would put my web page information about this issue on this review , but it is against the policy for writing reviews on Amazon.Just for everyone 's edification , I have researched this issue for well over 500 hours , read hundreds of technical papers , visited hundreds of web sites , and have made a commitment to specialize in feline nutrition as part of my Veterinary Technician studies . I probably know more about feline nutrition than 95 % of all the vets in the world.My feline son is a vegan and will remain so because I am absolutely certain that his quality of life will be enhanced by his diet and that this choice will not be a detriment to his health . ------------------------------------- Since writing this review in 2006 I have had a change in position about this particular product after 4 years of personal experience . The manufacturer of the Evolution foods was changing the formulation of the food on a regular basis and during that time I found that the Feline Kibble was not able to maintain the pH level in the urine of cats that was promised on the label and in their literature . At least that was n't the case with my former feline son and my current feline son . As a result I can no longer recommend the use of Evolution Feline Kibble for male cats . Since urinary issues are different between male and female cats the Evolution Kibble MAY be satisfactory for feeding to female cats . Nutritionally the Evolution foods seem to be fine for nutrients but not necessarily adequate for maintaining the proper pH levels to avoid urinary issues for male cats.Consequently I am now recommending male cats use the Vegecat pH diet provided by Harbingers of a New Age . My son has been eating this food supplement in a specially prepared gluten formulation I created called a vegan feline roast . It is 62 % protein , 33 % fat , and 5 % carbs and has a moisture content of about 60 % . Almost a perfect combination of ingredients to mimic natural prey . My son finds this product to be very palatable and his urinary pH has been consistently at 6.4 for the three years that we have been producing and consuming this food . The drawback is that it takes about a half hour every 3 days to make the food and the cost is equivalent to a premium cat food . But on the other hand my son is trim , full of energy at 61/2 years , enjoys great health , no longer has urinary tract issues , and no other animal had to die in order to provide my son with life-giving nutrition.UPDATE
 Worked great for 6 months . Then it would periodically just get stuck , mid-cycle , leaving the cats S.O.L. -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . Unplugging and plugging back in would fix it , but this makes it basically useless - we would have to check it constantly , and could n't trust it when we went out of town . Plus , doing a thorough cleaning is a pain . Lesson learned
 I 'll update this review if all gets fixed but I bought this thing because I was going on vacation and I came back to a dead litter robot full of poop . I even had someone checking it daily and they told me it just stopped powering up . There are other issues like the cats will try to get in it while it 's cleaning and it can get gummed up pretty fast . It may be a very awesome litter box if I can get it fixed . I emailed support which is supposed to respond until 10PM EST but received no response .
 I really liked the idea of this product because it is self-celf cleaning , it separates the waste for removal , reduces smell , and I love the asthetic appeal of the product - very sci fi . However I have purchased 2 of these and the first one lasted the longest but started to break down about 5 months after I got it when the motor broke and then the second one broke down honestly within 2 months max and that was when it stopped flushing automatically and that would cause the litter to back up to the point where when I did try to flush it , it created problems . Increased smell , and made it so that I would have to spend hours trying to clean it with a garden house.Litter Robot LRII Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Black
 I read many glowing reviews on this product before purchasing and in fact was impressed with the way it did work . Unfortunately it kept getting stuck which defeated the purpose of a device that functioned without constant intervention . I would come home from a day 's 12 hour shift and find the unit non-functional and my cats with their legs crossed . I do have 2 cats and they tended to trigger it frequently in play . I ended up sending it back and did get a full refund after trying it for 6 weeks .
 The Litter Robot is a great idea and perfect for us lazy Americans -LRB- yes me too -RRB- who want the unconditional love of a pet but are too lazy to clean up after them . My cats were terrified of the Litter Robot . I was surprised how large and scary-looking the device is when I took it out of the package . I followed the instructions to get my cats used to the device and never turned it on to keep them from being more frightened but after one month , they never used it . Perhaps it was entering the globe that frightened them ? I have a scoop free automatic litter box which they adjusted to quite well and was looking to add another litter box to our home . When I called the Litter Robot customer service line , they referred me back to Amazon to return it , which surprised me also , since their manual states the device can be returned to them . So I guess if your cats are used to automatic litter boxes and entering dark confined areas to do their business , this product is for you .
 So many positive reviews . After one year of trying every suggestion under the book , I still ca n't get my cats to use this thing.I think it because the chamber is too small and pretty far off the ground.Basically an expensive and pretty useless piece of junk .
 This product is a great concept and I love it when it works ! Unfortunately , I think this product went to the market before it was ready . I 've already had the front control panel replaced , followed by the entire base . I recommend this product , but I also recommend waiting until the product is more mature and the reliability is improved .
 I have had this thing for almost a year now and am very annoyed with it . It is very critical that you always have the right amount of weight , and the right weight distribution , for it to reliably cycle after the cats use it . If the weight is too much , the pressure switch will always stay depressed , meaning that it wo n't cycle . If there is n't enough weight , then then there wo n't be enough to trigger it at all . The problem is ; there is no way to always ensure that there is the right amount of weight being that you ca n't know how much weight the cats are adding to it at any given time , and you have to guess how much litter to put in , and how much to replace when you empty the bin . And the weight distribution is not the same when the bin is empty versus when it is full , so its effectiveness changes throughout the week . It is a really flawed design . Right now though , the switch absolutely refuses to return to the resting state after it is depressed , no matter how much weight is in it . The only way to cycle it is to turn it on and off and manually cycle it , which I 'll admit is better than scooping by hand , but is not worth $ 400 for this POS .
 I actually love this litter box , or I did until it broke . I have had a couple of littermaid units and was never very happy with them . The litter robot worked great , but when I tried to clean it , I broke the little sliding door flap . It snapped in two easily . I 've tried glue it a couple of times with JB weld but it broke again . I 'm going to order another one as it 's still the best litterbox I 've ever found . I 'm hoping I can fix the old one well enough to use it while I 'm cleaning the other one . I think if they used a stronger material for the little sliding door flap it would be a fantastic unit . For the price of this one , it should be made of better material .
 This seemed great , but my cat absolutely would not go in this thing . It 's really big and he was so frightened that I left his old litter box next to it so he 'd know where to go and so he 'd go . As a result , he never tried it . Since this was the case , I removed the old litter box and he relieved himself on a little Elmo couch we have and in a duffle bag -LRB- which was good because we could just throw them away -RRB- . Anyway , we ended up having to return the Litter Robot and give him his old litter box back . He won this battle .
 I 've been using the Littler Robot Eco Edition for about a week . Let me say that first off the notion that your house will smell better is rubbish . This thing stinks like any other litter box . The waste is n't delivered into some hermetically sealed container where the smell does n't escape . It 's just a plastic bin.It also still requires work just like any other litter box . I take that back , not like any other litter box . You have to clean the dome , you have to clean the rubbish bin.Does this save you money ? I do n't think so . It uses electricity which a normal litter box does not use . It also still uses litter . And so far it seems to use more litter . Although my cats are still curious so they maybe contributing to the litter issue . It uses electricity.There 's also the potential for break down . And purchasing the replacement parts are going to be more than buying a new litter box.On the positive side I have n't had any mechanical/electronic issues . The thing does clean itself . But overall I can think of plenty of things that are a better value .
 I 've had this product for barely a month and now I need to return it which really sucks cuz the box it came in is freaking huge . For the first week maybe 2 weeks I thought this was the best invention ever and now I think its a POS . it all started when my cat kept stepping on the scensor as it was cycling , of course cats are gon na do that since their damned curious but after that this box never worked right ever since . After that it never cycled correctly , it would always stop like halfway and would leave the box sideways or upside down eventhough I set it in the home direction everytime . Now the power wont even come on anymore . It is completely dead , no lights tried different outlets and everything . I spent $ 350 on a product that had completely gone dead within a month . I only have 2 cats and one cat only messed with it one time during the cycle and all this happened . Oh and if you have a fat cat do n't get this cuz they wont fit in the box and you 'll end up cleaning more piss on the outside of the box since they ca n't fit their whole bodies into the thing and this cat is not even over 20lbs fat so do n't buy this because it 's more of a pain in the ass to set this thing constantly than scooping the poop out of a regular box .
 Purchased this about a month and a half ago , and we are terribly disapointed . We have two kittens , and the litter robot is now out on the deck UNUSED . It is a MAJOR TASK TO CLEAN THE GLOBE ! Bad design . It gets filthy and very unhealty for the cats . It does not open to clean , so you have to get thru the little hole where the cat enters . Can not completely clean . You have to depend on the garden hose to clean it . ONCE A WEEK ! The strip seal between the globe and base fell off already and needs a new one . The shutter door sticks from the litter , and most of the litter falls into the drawer . We buy lots of litter every week . Such a waste . The litter draw we had to empty almost daily to even keep it partially clean . This is the most disapointing purchase I 'd made in awhile ! They claim they will take it back for 30 days . This is a large item and shipping is not cheap . We are back to our old fashion litter box for now . We are looking for a better litter box . We are out over 320.00 for this . Do n't make the same mistake .
 This was fine at first , but now it just gets clogged every time I use it . It 's a waste of money in my opinion .
 While the litter Robot is a clever idea , it is much too small for a grown cat . The description suggests it is suitable for cats weighing less than 15 pounds . My 13 pound cat simply did n't fit inside . So be warned . little cats only !
 My older cat refuses to use it . He would rather use the floor when his old litter box is too dirty than to use the Litter Robot . My Younger cat did go in 2 times , but after seeing the thing spins he refused to go back . I think it 's more of the noise though . I do think it is easier to train the younger cat to use it , but not the older cats . I think they also really dislike having to jump in there -LRB- it 's quite high -RRB- . When my cat jumps out , he does n't step on the step , but just kind of jump out and still splatter the litter around that area anyways.I kept the Litter Robot for a few months hoping that my cat will eventually use it , but they never did .
 I got this hoping to ease my litter woes and it just increased them . The main problem is if you do n't clean the lower tray , which is very small , when the ball rotates it scrapes into it , meaning poop all around the outside of the ball . interesting design , but i think the trays need to be wider and deeper , not to leave it unattended longer , but to account for the fact that the litter needs room to settle . if it just drops in one spot , it piles up fast . that and the noise along with how small it was in there . only one of my cats liked using it and i think it had everything ti do with the size of the ball , really small . i threw this out .
 Well , we absolutely loved the Litter Robot for about 4 months . Then it broke and though we read and re-read the instruction manual and `` how to 's '' online , nothing is working . It 's hell trying to fix a Litter Robot that had feces and urine caked everywhere . We took it to the car wash to hose it down and that ` cleaned ' it -LRB- we did n't hose down the bottom , electric part -RRB- . Worked amazing for 4 months and now we 're back to shoveling nasty stuff out of our old litter boxes . Considering getting a self-cleaning one next time .
 My large male cat refused to use the litter robot . I tried everything . I think it was either that he thought the hole was too small or there was not enough room inside to dig , or that he was freaked out by the motor and scared it would turn on while in there -LRB- he is skittish -RRB- . I read all the blogs and followed all the tips and advice I could find . Eventually had to return it and pay $ 56 to ship it -LRB- it 's 28 pounds and the box is 22 x 22 x 32 -RRB- . Speaking of the size , be aware that the unit itself is massive and very difficult to find a home for . The closet I wanted it to go in has California style shelving and it would n't fit in there . I ended up getting the Omega Paw Self-Cleaning litter box which essentially does the same thing -LRB- using gravity to separate contents -RRB- but requires manual turning of the box . To me this is no big deal since it 's still better than scooping . I 'm disappointed that the litter robot did n't work out since the automation would have been handy , but I 'm relieved that I now have a reliable solution that is accepted by my cat , small , easy to conceal , and very inexpensive .
 Ca n't wait to deal with customer service , they sound horrible ... Sensor never worked , cats took some time to start using it . Even starting it manually though , it was great for a month there ...
 My cats used this once , and then the motion of the container being turned around scared them from ever using it again ! Cats need to feel secure . When they see the place where they go the bathroom turning to the side and making sounds , they will not want to use it , lest they be caught inside when the machine starts moving . Not recommended at all .
 I 've had this unit since December of 2008 . You could argue that it 's `` lasted this long '' ... but at this price , I 'd like to to last longer . Even then , there have been QUITE a few times when the unit has had the `` red blinking light of doom '' -LRB- although in the last month it literally wo n't work unless I nudge the bubble and then flick it on/off to get it going ... EVERY single morning and evening -RRB- . Sometimes it 'll stop halfway through it 's rotation , so the cats can not use it at all ! Over the time I 've had it , it 's done that about 10 times ... and has refused to work about 60 times -LRB- ballpark figure -RRB- . Realistically in the end , I have n't saved THAT much time as even while I do n't have to sift through a litter box every night , I still have to manually run it quite a bit , empty the litter box once or twice a week -LRB- even with one cat around - as the other is largely an outdoor cat -RRB- , and clean it once a month -LRB- which is sort of a pain -RRB- . Also , the clumps do n't fall into the litter box evenly -LRB- it mostly empties near the back side 2x more than the front -RRB- so you have to shake it around to even it out if not take it out and reline -LRB- which is - as you can probably guess - a pain as there are no real clips to hold the bag except some cross-hatch holes that do n't hold well and leave some parts of the box unprotected by the bag - and the bags they give are real thin and tear easily . I ended up getting small trash bags , folding the edges down and wrapping the bag AROUND the box edges instead ... but even that is sort of flawed as there is no clips to hold the bag near the step and I ca n't get around it with the bag -RRB- . All in all , I give this one star because it 's not very convenient ... especially for the HIGH price ... and it regularly has errors for no reason at all .
 I purchased this in 2010 . It 's a great idea but the actual product has been nothing but headaches . The first unit we got would spin and spin and never stop . The company replaced it . That was nice except for the hassle of shipping back a giant used litter box . The new unit worked okay for awhile but soon enough it developed the same problem . Sometimes it stops upside down . That means the cats ca n't use it so they use the floor instead . At this point we 've replaced the ball , the base and the whole unit once each . We clean the unit as directed and our cats are average sized and use the unit appropriately . Consider why the company has enough `` refurbished '' inventory to be able to offer them as an option.Overall I would advise you to consider the price of the unit prorated against the warranty period . Then consider the hassle of getting repair or replacement service even if it 's covered . Then consider that the company is very slow to respond . If you have the money to purchase a back-up in case of malfunction , then I 'd say you should go for it . Not having 700 bucks to shell out for litter boxes , we 'll be returning to a traditional litter pan .
 I purchased two of the units two years ago for three cats and am pleased with their operation - WHEN THEY WORK . The cats took to them with no issues and they have made litter control a two minute per week task . The shell and motors are well constructed , but the electronics are of questionable quality , or design . Both units failed last year within a week of each other -LRB- either power jack or circuit boards -RRB- within the warranty period . To the manufacturer 's credit , they were quick to respond to my request for assistance and repaired both units quickly with little effort required on my behalf.One of the units failed again this week ; not surprisingly , the culprit was either the power jack or circuit board . In the process of working out a repair . I requested a refurbished replacement unit , since my Litter Robot had been repaired by them less than a year earlier . I was told that the unit was out of warranty -LRB- true -RRB- and that they would send me parts to replace the faulty components -- they did not indicate that there would be a charge for the parts.This must be a common failure with this product . In both cases , I receive canned trouble shooting instructions , including offers for DYI replacement parts and link to a YouTube video demonstrating the repair . The control panel on the other unit I own does not work properly ; the motion sensor and timer seem to function , but pressing the `` cycle '' button does nothing . I have to toggle the power switch to make it run.I will update this review after I fix the units and have a few months of experience with the repairs .
 First , the liners I got are not in the package pictured . Blue , not yellow , and tho `` large '' -LRB- 30 `` x17 '' -RRB- not big enough for my litter pan . First one out of the pack ripped when I tried to fit it into the litter pan . Also , the yellow package pictured says `` Heavy Duty , '' and the one I got does not ... as I said , it ripped , so it is certainly not heavy duty . Too much money to pay for something totally useless .
 Does not fit the bodda dome round litter pan . More of a rectangle . I will not buy these again .
 I have the dome into which these are supposed to fit but they are WAY TOO SMALL , especially once your cat goes and they start shifting around . What a bad product .
 These liners do not fit properly . There is no way to properly secure them and keep litter from falling into the litter box . They also rip easily .
 Got these for my booda dome for my cat . they come square shaped and they do fit the dome but it does n't line the litter box well because of movement . My cat likes to bury around in his litter box sometimes and the edges end up caving in so you 're stuck with litter getting underneath it . I usually end up taping the liner to the box to prevent it from moving around so much , but my cat does end up putting holes in them . It works in that it does keep most of the litter in the liner and makes it easier to clean up the litter box without worrying about scrubbing . I tried using trashbags before , but the one 's I have are n't big enough so if you decide to go that route , make sure you get the bigger ones . I think I had the regular kitchen tall trash bags which did n't fit .
 Purchased these liners thinking they were identical to the liner provided with the dome . Boy was I wrong ! These liners are smaller and made of thinner plastic . Every time my cats used the liter box they pulled the liner down making the liner useless . Save your money and do not purchase these ill fit and manufactured liners !
 Do not know if there is a mini BoodaDome but the charcoal filters and liners do not fit the product as advertised .
 The liners do not fit and made for a horrible mess . This product was a horrible waste of money and time ! I do not recommend it for anyone !
 The liners do n't really fit well into the bottom of the pan . I have to tape the sides down so my cat does n't pull the lining into the litter when she `` digs '' Also very thin , she always tears holes into the lining .
 These liners do not even come close to fitting correctly . The Booda Dome itself is a great procuct , but I could not recommend it to anyone based on the fact that the liners , which supposedly are made for the product , do not fit at all . What I have is a total mess when trying to empty the Booda dome ...
 The liners say that they are for an extra large booda dome litter box , but they are definitely too small . therefore , completely useless .
 Very , very poor quality and they do not fit . My kitten 's claws go right through the bag . It 's either return them if it does n't cost too much or use two at a time to get rid of them . They are n't even garbage bag quality .
 I 'm sure these liners work for the right Booda Dome . Unfortunately when I typed in the liner number up popped these thinking they would work well they did n't and now I 'm stuck with booda liners that do n't fit . Plus I no longer use the booda dome for my cat .
 I got one free liner included with my Booda Dome . The liner is not round , it is rectangular and it 's barely big enough to fold over the top edge - MAYBE you get a half inch , but once your kitty starts doing his thing , the plastic WILL shift and you WILL get litter under the liner . And then what good is it ?? I purchased extra large DRAWSTRING liners from Target - these fit great , they have plenty of extra room to fold over the top and the drawstring helps keep it in place while it 's on the dome , and then it makes for an easy clean up . I do not recommend wasting your money on these liners - go to your local Target or Walmart.Cat Litter Box Drawstring Liners 15-pk . - XL
 After struggling to get regular cat pan liners made for rectangular litter boxes to fit the round Booda , we finally ordered these thinking they 'd solve the problem . WRONG ! They 're not round at all -- in fact they 're the same rectangular liners ! Only the plastic is cheap and shreds easily , so they 're even worse . We 'll be tossing the Booda but using these up with our regular litter box .
 One liner came with the Booda Dome and it was great . I tried these replacements and they are n't as big . They do n't fit well and after a few days , the bottom has small tears in it from scooping . They are n't at all like the sample that came with the dome . They need to be a bit bigger and a bit thicker .
 Even though made for Boda Dome they do not fit . Bags are rectangular not round , just reach the edges of liter box.Once you actually put liter in , bags pull away from the sides and cats bury pieces under liter . Bags are also very thin , only last a day or two before being useless . Better to buy any brand extra large , heavy duty bags or go without bags at all .
 Horrible waste of money . DO NOT BUY ! They are not a good fit . Litter everywhere ! Very messy as soon as my cat stepped in the dome the bag came of the sides and litter went all under the bag .
 I 've always had trouble finding litter liners that wo n't budge when my cat goes in there and I really thought this would be the answer to all my problems but ... no . These are the WORST and I really do not understand how they are supposed to be XL . I have purchased an XL liner from Pet Supermarket and it definitely fit but for some reason I bought these thinking that since they were made for the Booda Dome that they would not budge but I was wrong . I thought in fact that I had been putting it on wrong myself and spent 15 mins trying to figure this thing out but it is a small , cheaply made rectangle liner and is definitely not worth the trouble .
 The description is misleading . These DO NOT fit a Booda Dome . You need extra large or jumbo liners for the domes .
 These are crap . They do not fit the round bottom well and the cats tear them up no matter how much or little litter I put in the box . The plastic is not thick enough .
 I have no idea why they say these fit the Boda dome . The dome is round but these liners are rectangular and not large enough . After a day or so of use they fall into the box and the litter spills out of it . Useless .
 I have a boda dome with steps and the things dont fit AT ALL ! There are better fit products out there , take the time to find them .
 I was a groomer for 4 yrs before I became a stay-at-home-mom . I still have a few family dogs -LRB- and my husband -RRB- that i give haricuts to . I needed another 7 blade and so I bought this one . I went to shave my husbands head and this blade left so many uncut hairs I was afraid I had put on an old blade accidentally . It was the brand new one and it did a terrible job of evenly cutting my husbands hair . I did keep it for a labradoodle I groom just as the beginning blade to us to get the majority off but I was not pleased in the overall clipping of this blade .
 I bought this blade to use on my fine haired schnauzer for the lower part of his body . For whatever the reason it did not cut well . I am not sure if it was his hair type or if it was defective ... I am thinking it might be his hair if I had to guess . I thought I would post this to save someone else the greif of returning it like I have to .
 I purchased this product to use indoors . While the instructions are clear , this product does not attach to a standard bathroom faucet . We even started taking the faucet apart and the pieces did not fit . Maybe a trip to the hardware store is in order to purchase some type of connector .
 I tried to hook this is my shower and it would not fit . I was dissapointed that is did not work .
 I HAVE BEEN ANEMIC FOR YEARS . I CAN ONLY TAKE FERROUS GLUCONATE . AS THE SULFATES MAKE ME SICK . I HAVE NEVER HEARD THE TERM '' *** PAD SIZE :100 '' IF THIS SELLER ON AMAZON WOULD DEFINE IT AND ALSO GET A BETTER PICTURE OF THE BOTTLE SO YOU COULD READ IT . BECAUSE YOU CANT TELL WHAT THAT IS EITHER ? I WOULD BE SCARED TO BUY THIS MUCH LESS TAKE IT . IS THAT LAPPAD , IPAD , AIPAD , PADS TO STICK ON YOUR BODY ? WHAT ?
 I never got the product , so ca n't review it . In the mean time , I found it at my locally owned , small pharmacy .
 I do n't need my supplements to be a pretty blue/green color as I see them for 2 seconds before I swallow them down.This iron supplement is dyed using `` Blue No. 1 Aluminum Lake '' as listed in the ingredients . Um , something I 'd rather not `` supplement '' my diet with . Also contains Polyethylene Glycol , something else I 'd rather not take . I threw these in thetrash and ordered Natures Bounty ferrous gluconate which contained none of this garbage and is a nice , boring naturalcolor .
 Perfect rain coat for our dog.We ordered another one too . Because Amazon 's vender `` ONE WAY PETS '' only works one way , their way.When we received the coat it was the size of a tent on him . Went to Amazon site to exchange to a smaller size . Well it seems One Way Pets exchanges do n't happen it 's one way , THEIR way.Only if they receive it back by yesterday 's date I could get a refund . Like I said NO SIZE EXCHANGES either . I have not been so mad with a vendor , I got scammed.From amazon I ordered one size down and the product comes from Amazon direct , I know the ordering service thru amazon has always been above and beyond . Not the case from their vendor ONE WAY PETS.Like I said , we love the product and paid again to receive the perfect rain coat for our Lab.If anyone wants a oversized raincoat that I ordered and am stuck with I will give it to you.Joe Goni Fernley Nevada USA
 The size was Big where i have to sew it and the garter for the back legs was kinda of annoying it bothers my Dog whenever she has to squat to make her business .
 This jacket did not fit my greyhound and the elastic to hold it around back legs were too uncomfortable for her to wear . . There was also an oder on the material that required that I leave it in the garage . I would not recommend this at all .
 These smell so bad I could n't keep them in the house . While they are cute , they are not functional , bad fit , little adjustment and they fall off the dog 's back . Do n't waste your money .
 Item has such a strong toxic smell , we had to put it and its packaging outside . The fumes from it smell so poisonous it was making us sick . How could this be made for a dog ?
 Strong petroleum odor did not wash out . wrong size sent . Did arrive on time . I would only recomend this product for extreme down-pour conditions .
 In order to get a size that covered my dog 's back , went a size up . Though the velcro strap is WAY too long , and the back is so long I have to fold it over for him not to poop on it , the head opening is barely large enough to get over his head . If I had gone one size down , it would n't have fit over his head , and I think his hiney would get wet . Thank goodness it was n't more expensive .
 I was extatic to hear from my sister that there were toys on the market that could handle the riggors of anything a dog could pull it through.So I immediately ordered this along w / the alligator because all my english setter 's toys were destroyed . Once they came in the mail , I could n't help but say to her to , `` Try these on for size ! '' Literally within an HOUR , though , my setter already had a gaping hole torn in its side and the squeaker pulled out and left in shambles .
 Item that arrived was not the item that was shown as the product . The item shown also had a rope attached to the two `` doggy golfballs '' which is very misleading since the item that arrived were the two `` golfballs only and not the rope attachment that the picture shows .
 This jacket has a strong chemical odor that has not left even after multiple washings . The jacket itself is too short and the hood does not reach my Golden Retriever 's head . It would be nice if the jacket also prevented my dog 's belly from getting wet . The only plusses are the bright color and reflective stripes , which make my dog visible in the dark . Otherwise , I can not recommend this product .
 You ca n't tell from the pictures or description , but this goes on by slipping over the dog 's head -- like a hoodie sweatshirt . I followed all the sizing guidelines , and even sized up for my `` stouter '' breed , and this thing still barely squeezed over my doggie 's head -LRB- a very petite 110 pound St. Bernard in an XL -RRB- . Once on , the hood did not fully contain her head , let alone her years , which stuck out the front , while she looked at me with that exasperated expression St. Bernard 's give so well . The length dimension was fine . And yes , the raincoat did smell funny . Needless to say , I will be returning mine , and finding a raincoat that has a chest strap .
 I bought and returned 2 of these jackets . After hanging them outside for over a week , the nauseating smell just would n't go away so both were returned to Amazon . Too bad .
 While the doggie raincoats are cute , they are NOT functional !! First as the reviews stated , the hole for the head is too small in most cases . I ordered a Large for my bordie collie and the raincoat was 6 inches too short on his back . PLus , the belly strap is cheap and it does not fit well with very little room for adjustment . Why does n't the manufacturer design a doggie raincoat based on a the horse design ? Put little leg straps on them so they will actually stay on.The secong one I purchased was for an 80 lb dog and I bought an XXL . The length was a bit too long . He is a longer , leaner dog so the belly strap was way too big and then without any other strap to keep it on the dog , it just fell off to the side.The WORSE part is that these smell so TOXIC , I could n't keep them in my laundry room . I had to keep them in the garage and then they were n't handy wnen I wanted to try them again on the dogs . Do n't waste your money althought the idea of keeping my dogs dry and cute in a raincoat was a good one at the time ...
 If your terrier is shaped like a beer keg , has the leg length of a greyhound , and no neck then this rain jacket will fit well . However , if you have an average proportioned mid-sized pooch , then be prepared to heavily modify it .
 had to try an air this item out . The smell did not go away . I also tried to use 409 and it still smells . Smells like old railroad ties .
 The reviews I read before I ordered this raincoat WARNED about the discrepancy in size and the awful ODOR , but I disregarded the warnings . Wish I 'd listened . Now I have to pay for the shipping and the return shipping . It was really a BAD product .
 First of all , the measurements we took of our dog showed that a size &#34; large &#34; would fit . However , it was way too small . It would help if the website information also included typical breeds for each size . The tag on the coat indicated that but , of course , it was too late . Also , the coat smelled like &#34; gasoline . &#34; So , even if the size were correct , I would n't expose me or my dog to it .
 I only give this item 2 stars instead of 1 , because it did appear to be made pretty well and was of a higher quality than I was expecting for such a cheap price . First off - I bought this items to use for my dog on backpacking trips , in and attempt to keep our dog -LRB- Golden Retriever -RRB- from being soaked when getting into the tent at night to sleep . Well , upon opening the package I was hit with the horrible smell that was contained in the clear plastic bag the raincoat was in . This was n't the first time I 've smelled this particular smell , but have noticed it on many petroleum based products I 've purchase before . -LRB- Google `` rubber smelled like kerosene '' and you will see other products with similar complaints -RRB- . I knew right off that there was no way I would put it on my dog with such a pungent oder , very similar to kerosene . I washed the item twice with sent away sport wash and it still did n't decrease the strength of the odor . I actually had to hang the raincoat in my garage , because the smell started to permeate throughout the entire house . I have since sent the item off for return and I expect I will not have any problems with the refund . Amazon did make it very easy to return , providing the shipping label so that I could just package it back up and stick it in my mailbox for pickup.My story is just one of the many that happen due to the fact I was n't able to hold the product in my hand and inspect it before making my decision to purchase . I hope this review gives everyone out there fair warning about purchasing this raincoat . I am actually shocked that there are n't any other reviews describing the `` kerosene '' smell ??
 I got the orange XXL . One of the elastic leg straps came detached at the stitching during the first use . This cause the rain coat to shift to one side exposing my dog 's rear to the rain . I would suggest wider straps and stronger sticking . If you find a way to keep this coat on , you 've got a great coat for your dog.Guardian Gear Rain Jacket Xlg Yellow
 Buyer beware -- using this product MAY be hazardous to you or your pet 's health . -LRB- Sorry , I do n't have the funds to do a scientific inquiry to prove it -- nor does the US -- so buyer beware . I should have looked at the other reviews before I bought this product . It looked like it would work well for my dog . When I got the product out of the package it smelled highly toxic -- touching it it would leave a toxic smell on my hands as well . I was so concerned I aired it outside several days hoping the `` off gassing '' would alleviate the problem . That did n't work . I washed it in the washing machine -- the smell did not go away , and still left a residual smell on my my hands . I threw the jacket away and thought , well , my fault -- should have been more careful buying this product online . I did not want to expose my dog or myself the potential toxic residue . I felt concern for the workers in China who must be working in a factory that produces this material .
 As soon as I took the coat out of the sealed plastic bag , I knew we might have a problem . IT STINKS HORRIBLY ! I washed it in soap , then soap and Oxy-clean , then soaked it for a week in soap , Oxi-clean and bleach , then sprayed it with Petastic -LRB- dog pee odor remover that really works great for its intended purpose -RRB- and the darned jacket still stinks as bad as the day we received it . And it is so cute on our pup ... Tried to contact Guardian Gear about it -- they are out of business , or at least their phone is disconnected . The coat fits great and would provide a wonderful way to keep our pup dry when out in the rain , but the horrendous smell could kill her if she had to spend any time with the jacket in an enclosed space -LRB- like a car -RRB- , as well as kill us just being around it.We once got a rubber dog toy in a plastic bag inside a box of Hartz dog bones that had the same awful smell and we just threw it away . Rather than do that this time , we would like to use this coat if we could rid it of the odor . It seems to be caused by the rubber used in the outer yellow shell . Any ideas ? Write me at likesandyharleys@yahoo.com .
 I was extatic to hear from my sister that there were toys on the market that could handle the riggors of anything a dog could pull it through.So I immediately ordered this along w / the snake because all my english setter 's toys were destroyed . Once they came in the mail , I could n't help but say to her to , `` Try these on for size ! '' Literally within an HOUR , though , my setter already had a gaping hole torn in its head ...
 I have a 75 gallon aquarium for a red eared slider and was so excited when I saw this . I hoped it would really work since I love decorating his tank . The first thing I noticed when I installed it , was that it was smaller than described . It claims to be 18 `` x48 '' and that is exactly the dimensions of my tank . After installing , both panels together were more like 17 `` x45 '' . It is a nice idea but this item did not work correctly . I noticed more algae build up in fact . I realize that it takes a week or something to kick in which it states . So I did wait and wait but nothing cleared up , just kept getting worse . I did n't want to wait any longer seeing as though my time to return the item would be up soon and I did n't want to risk losing $ 50 over such a waste . Looks like I 'll just be back to the difficult cleaning of a large tank still .
 I also received the wrong item when I ordered this George Bush doll . They sent me the Hillary Clinton version of the toy -- I wondered if it was an intentionally switch . :-RRB- I 'm going to try again and see what happens .
 I ordered this item and was shipped the incorrect thing 2 different times.I did not have a favorable experience with this vendor , even though I love their products .
 My dog loved the toy , but it was much smaller than I had expected . Bought a few toys and they all were like that . Only complaint is that the description did n't explain that it was a SMALL dog toy . Would hope that next time it will .
 I bought this because my 9 month old kitten was constantly clawing at my bedroom door and rug at night trying to get in . He completely ruined my carpet trying dig himself in when the door is shut at night . If I left the door open ; he would barge in at 4am , jump on my bed and think it 's playtime . I had no idea how to stop this unruly behavior until I had a friend recommend a `` scat mat '' . Honestly , this has been the biggest life saver ever ! I can sleep through the night with no distractions . Yes , for a plastic mat , it 's expensive , but for me , it was worth the money , because it works . I lay the mat outside my bedroom door at night and turn it on . Since it gives him that small shock everytime he steps on it , he no longer scratches on the door or claws up the rug trying to get in !! If you rent ; you need this !! It 's great and I highly recommend it ! ** UPDATED ** Our 's has stopped working . I guess the wires in the mat got damaged some how . We only had this mat less than 2 years ! PIECE OF GARBAGE !
 You get what you pay for which is kind of what I figured before purchasing . I was just looking for a cheap little tank to get for a desk . When it arrived , the sides were very scratched up by the transparent plastic cover -LRB- that when set up sits underneath the black cover you see pictured -RRB- . Scratches , eh , who cares , but they were prominently in the front and very visible . The light switch did n't work ... it would turn the light on but then immediately go out . Seemed like a bad switch since it would only stay on if you were actively pushing it into the `` on '' position . Ended up sending it back.The shape , by the way , is triangular . I do n't think that that 's clear in the description .
 I got this tank thinking it would be a great tank to house a male crowntail betta . My rationale was thus :1 . If bettas are kept in small cups at the store , then a one-gallon tank will provide ample space2 . A betta does not require a heater or a proper filter since they are often kept in bowls and vasesAll I can do now is to admit that I was wrong . This one-gallon aquarium is not suitable for any kind of fish whatsoever . First of all , even for a betta , it is too small . Believe it or not , bettas do need space to swim and fully develop into a healthy , happy fish . Secondly , like all fish , bettas require a proper filter and a cycled tank . In this tank , my betta 's water would start to smell even after one day . As an experienced fishkeeper , I know that a healthy aquarium does not have an unpleasant odor . Third , bettas are from the warm regions of southeast Asia , and they will not be happy without water that is heated to at least 78F . This tank is too small to allow space for an effective heater.After being in this tank for some months , my betta became reluctant to eat . Knowing that bettas are naturally ravenous fish , I was concerned . I did my research , and I learned that this tank is totally inappropriate for a betta or any other fish . I started cycling a 10-gallon tank with a sponge filter and heater and with plenty of live plants . After cycling , I introduced my crowntail to his new tank . Since then , he has been more active , exploring every corner of his tank and every plant -LRB- he loves the java fern -RRB- , his rich and beautiful colors have really come out , and his appetite has returned . I ca n't tell you how much having a proper tank has done for my fish!Do yourself a favor
 The smallest tank is 2.5 heated which only a Betta can live in there is not suitable swimming room it will kill your fish .
 I have gone through two tanks already and my Beta has yet to make it to enjoy one of them . Each time I receive this product it is cracked and the packaging is ALWAYs beat up . I have never been disappointed with anything I bought from Amazon but THIS IS A FIRST !!!! BOO ON YOU !!! Poor Beta , she will eventually get a good home : -LRB-
 Just because a Betta can survive in small conditions because in their natural environment during the drought season does n't mean that we should keep them in those conditions . Many Bettas do n't survive these rough conditions that nature provides in their home territory . If you buy small cups and throw a fish in them - you are just condemning them to solitary confinement in a prison cell . My Betta is in a 10 gallon tank and you would n't believe the fun he has exercising and playing in all that space . If you care - you would never subject this beautiful creature to cups of water if you saw them in gallons of HEATED -LRB- they are tropical fish -RRB- water !!!!!! Study this fish and you will understand that we take for granted their survival mechanisms and exploit them for our own foolish pleasure .
 You get what you pay for . I thought this was a neat tank for the price . However the material is cheap and looks scuffed when you get it .
 I expected this tank to be cheap , but it was horrible . None of the lid parts fit , they were too small and kept falling in tank.Also the light mechanism did not work.I threw the whole tank in the garbage . A total waste of time and money .
 I got this at walmart for $ 10 . There is n't any filter . A filter plate , but no filter . I checked the box before i even checked out to make sure everything was there , everything was included . The filter is simply a plate that I 'm supposing is supposed to push out air from the bubbler . The bubbler is flimsy and does n't stay down . The air rock keep floating up through the pipe thingy , no matter what I do . It 's quiet-ish i guess . I dont really mind loud humming noises , so i wouldnt know . I do n't use the bubbler , because i have a betta and bettas dont like currents .
 I picked up one of this for $ 10 from Amazon and I think it is quite a good deal.I have to say for $ 10 , it is a great deal ! It comes with the tank , hood , light bulb , light bulb holder , air pump , air hose , air stone and undergravel filter plate . What more can you ask for!One of the reviews here stated that ` it was one of the quietest air pump she had came across ' , I say what nonsense . The air pump is light and with the air hose , it is hard to keep it stable . Besides that , it is so light that it vibrates whereever you put it . Right now , I have it wrapped in a towel and placed in a box . It helps but not a lot . I blame the design of the pump , it does not include any sort of sound-proofing in its design.Now to the filtering ability , the air pump and filter plate acts as form of undergravel filtering . It works fine so far , with weekly partial water changes.To be honest , if you are any bit serious about fish keeping , get a 3gal tank at least , more if you have the space . There are many kits out there . Even though it might be more expensive , it will be better for the fish in the long run.There is nothing terrible about this kit but it is just too small.p.s . gravel and plastic plants are not included . If you are gon na keep tropical fishes , you will need a water heater too .
 This tank is usable , The light at the top made my water quite warm , the filter is barely enough to be considered a filter and in my opinion its not really a very pretty looking tank all around , you have to move to the right or left to get a good look at everything in it . really its usable , but i plan on switching to the half moon tank , it just looks a lot nicer and the sponge filter i have in this tank will work fine in it . Not the most glamorous looking tank if you ask me . hope that helps : -RRB-
 It was broken and did n't work properly . I was quite disappointed and had to purchase another from the store . : -LRB-
 Looking for a cheap setup for a `` school project '' fish . The tank itself is sound -LRB- no leaks -RRB- and the light is still working , but after 119 days the pump stopped working . It gets power , and it still makes noise , but it DOES NOT pump air . It was n't dropped or damaged , had never been wet or covered in dirt/dust , and was plugged into a surge protector for its whole lifespan . Of course , with a 90 limited warranty my only option was to get a new pump -LRB- which luckily I had from an old slightly more expensive setup - it still works despite being used for 3 years then sitting idle for two -RRB- . I would give 2 stars , because the other parts were OK , but without a working pump -LRB- or having to buy a separate one -RRB- it is not worth buying . So I guess the moral of the story is you get what you pay for ...
 After receiving the bird food , I placed the food into an airtight plastic tub . Within a month , bugs hatched in the food and I had to throw out over half the bag . In over 20 years of use , I 've never had a problem with this product . I contacted the seller to request remedy of some sort , and they did not reply . I would steer clear of them as they do not seem to stand behind their products .
 1 -RRB- it leaks at the valve knob -LRB- followed the included instructions to fix this , all they have you do is flush it to remove any filter media . mine leaked straight out of the package -RRB- 2 -RRB- it does n't even close off the water flow completely . if you are familiar with the concept of a siphon , then you know that you need a full closure here3 -RRB- when priming the pump , air accumulates in the valve body , causing a poor primei would have given the product 0/5 stars if i could . you will be farther ahead by going to your local hardware store and purchasing 2 quarter turn valves and a few hose clamps
 Looks good , but not great leather for the price . It 's already torn at the edges . Not greatly pleased , would not have purchased if I had seen in person .
 Did not work at all . Fleas where alive and well after several days of using this product . Do not waste your money on this product .
 Forget it . I bought this and can not use it . It would be impossible . It 's going back . It says in the directions on the back that you need to leave it on the carpet for 24 hours for it to be totally effective against fleas . Here 's the clincher ... you and your pet -LRB- s -RRB- can not walk on it . I need to use this throughout my home with the exception of the kitchen and bathroom . Where am I supposed to sleep , on the kitchen floor ? I really wish that amazon would show the BACK of the can where the directions are in order to allow the consumer to make a more educated decision . It may work , but not everyone can leave their home with pets and check into a hotel . Anything that has to be on a carpet or in your upholstery 24 hours and present a hazard that you have to be out for 24 hours is insanity to me . $ 10.00 for the product and $ 110.00 for the hotel you have to stay in for the night -LRB- if they will take you and your pets , that is -RRB- . That is why I gave it only 1 star.For those of you that are going to comment that my product review does not have to do with the effectiveness of the product ... do n't bother . Your comment about my comment will have even less to do with the effectiveness of the product ... think about it .
 Used this product until it was completely gone , its either we had a really bad infestation or it is a horrible product . Either way it did n't work for the fleas at all
 The kittens really did n't go for this . I thought it was going to be a formula like KMR but for older kittens , but it actually had a texture like baby cereal and they could not be coaxed into eating it . But thinning it down would dilute the nutrition , so I switched back to regular KMR . -LRB- Which is definitely a 5 star product ! -RRB-
 I realize KMR has the nutrients cats may need but my 5 week old kittens would NOT eat it no matter how hard I tried -LRB- my older cats do like it though -RRB- . We were getting down to the wire and our 5 week old kittens had to eat solid food before they were given away . I tried several kittens formulas and KMR - and they would n't eat anything , because they preferred nursing . However , when I brought the `` Whiskas Purrfectly Fish , salmon , snapper and shrimp '' out all 8 kittens gathered around the food dish and gobbled it up as if they were starving ! I realize kitten food is said to have the nutrients kittens require but there must be something to the Whiskas formula for the kittens to take to it that well . I could give the kittens away to new homes as planned thanks that Whiskas formula .
 I guess I must have gotten a bad one , but for the price I was totally disgusted with this . It was a tiny piece of nothing and if there was any catnip on this it wore off a long time ago . I could not even get my cats to look at this , what a waste !
 Nilodor is the worst smelling product I have ever used . I have 6 dogs and trust me we have accidents . I read the reviews about the odor but had no idea that it would take weeks for the nilodor odor to leave . It was almost better to leave the doggie odor than to use Nilodor . Even with the doors and windows open the odor was still there and would hit you as you walk in the door . I had to use plain water in my rug doctor and keep going over and over it to get to Nilodor out . I will NEVER use it again .
 Does n't work nearly as well as it claims to :-LRB- We have used it multiple times , just as directed , and it just does n't work . It smells funny , too .
 I am always looking for a good quality rope toy . On this one , the rope came out the first time we used it .
 I bought my 50lb Australian Shepard a rubber horseshoe toy about 3 years ago from walmart . It was like some $ 2 off brand toy that I figured would last no time at all . Well it became his favorite toy and lasted him 2 years . It has outlasted Kongs and Nylabone toys by far . Recently he started getting rubber pieces off it so I had to toss it . It really broke his heart . Since then I have been on the hunt for a new horseshoe . I went to 5 Walmarts in 3 states and could n't find it . This was the closest thing I could find to what he once had . As soon as I pulled it out of the box his eyes lit up . He grabbed it as soon as it was within his reach . With 2 minutes , he had shredded the rope . Within 8 minutes he had pulled several pieces of rubber off of it . This was pretty expensive as far as dog toys go and I was horrified that he destroyed this one so quick when it is advertised as being durable . Now I 'm back on the hunt for a rubber horseshoe that will last another 2 years . I 'm sad that this one was n't it , as is my pup !
 I wanted something to keep my cat 's food in & I did n't want to spend a fortune on a food container . I thought this was going to be just what I was looking for -- based on other reviews & the product description . However , I can honestly say that this product is n't worth the $ 15.85 I paid for it ! The description says it has a snap-close lid -- WRONG ! The lid does n't close completely , never mind snap shut . When I looked at it I could see it was because the container curves down gradually towards the opening & the lid does n't . leaving a small opening in the front & a bit on the sides . When you lift the lid , it does n't stay hinged either -- very frustrating ! The only reason I gave this product 2 stars is because the quality of the container itself is good -- however , it 's most definitely NOT see-through ! Unless you hold it up to a light source , there 's no way you can tell the level of the food inside . I was able to solve the problem with the lid -- I just put packing tape on the front end to hold it closed ; still not completely air-tight but better than before . This will do until I can find something better in the future . To me , this product is a waste of money , do n't bother .
 Overall the product is okay but the lid does not easily close . You have to push really hard to get it to stay and it usually pops back open anyway !!
 I got this thinking it would be great for my cat food . First off , i thought it would be much smaller , because of the reviews people said they could keep it in their cabinet , but my cabinets are not THAT big lol , its huge . when i got it the lid was not attacked so i snapped it on and couldnt figure out how to open it , finally i saw that the little piece of plastic that you use to open it was broken off , no wonder i could n't open it . then i tried to close it , and I ca n't for the life of me close the thing . This is the worst item i have EVER gotten from amazon . I already printed out the return label and im going to send it back ASAP ! Dont even bother with this thing . And no it doesnt come with a scoop like others said .
 My reason for buying this product was to keep my cat 's food fresh . I received it and the lid does n't fit so I ca n't snap it shut . It is essentially worthless and I plan to return it .
 Where was this dog food storage container stored ? I received an absolutely filthy unit which required major scrubbing instead of the usual cleaning that you would expect . It is also more cumbersome to use that I expected .
 I used the smallest dose on the bottle and my beloved pet was at the emergency vet 24 hours later seizing and then passed away . Please beware !
 Ordered 3 of these for my dogs ; none of them worked correctly if at all . Added fresh batteries as all of the ones furnished with product were almost dead . Only minimum of lighting even then . Returned all of them . Not worth the effort or the price . If I could give zero stars that would be generous .
 Worked nicely until it fell off my dogs collar while turned off and got lost outside .
 The Jonni jordan cat lover mess happened to yours truly and my beautiful German Shepherd Stud `` Mecko `` 32 ounce orer 8 oz delivery , I can not get thru for change either , just a little mess.Lipiderm
 Product Description -LRB- above -RRB- lists `` LINATONE 32 fl.Oz . '' I received Linatone PLUS - and only 8 fl.Oz.The price of $ 10.27 is a little higher than I have paid locally for 8 Oz . and with shipping , this ended up costing me twice as much - and NOT the same ingredients listing.I am trying to determine how to get corrected shipment .
 DO N'T PURCHASE , MY BABY STARTING CONVULSING AND A FULL BLOWN SEIZURE . This is a bad product and the grain alcohol and rosemary oil causes seizures in dogs . I gave this product to my perfectly healthy pug mix and in 7 hours he was on his death bed having convulsions and seizures . We had to rush him to the er . We are still waiting for his recovery as he is still having mild seizures . IF YOU DO BELIEVE THIS , TAKE YOUR CHANCES BUT DO N'T SAY YOU WERE N'T WARNED . I AM IN HELL NOW WONDERING IF THE NEXT SEIZURE WILL TAKE HIS LIFE !
 My dog loved the fruit flavored gel and it worked . Unfortuneatly it seems to have disappeared . Since he hates the salmon & peppermint guess we are back to plaque .
 I 've only used this a couple of times so I ca n't comment on how effective it is . Since others have covered that , my comments concern the container . It is very difficult to get the product out of the bottle without ending up with too much or too little product.A different type of container for something this thick is strongly needed.If you want to use it , get the spray and not the gel , so you wo n't have this issue.Update
 I never had a chance to try out this product . They sent me a salmon labeled bottle , but once I opened it , it smelled like mint . I tried to give it to all three of my cats , but they fought me like crazy of course . Once it hit their mouth , they ran away and started retching all over the place . This may work for some , but it 's not worth putting my cats through the trauma . Hope you guys have better luck .
 This product smells so highly of alcohol that I 'm afraid to use it on my little dog . I would like to return it , but am not sure I have all the info to return it .
 I am a committed cat tooth brusher , but even so , tartar develops . I got this for one of my cats who had mild buildup on his top teeth . I hoped it would save a tooth cleaning . I dutifully applied it once a day -LRB- you can do it twice and that may have made a difference , but he is no dummy and once a day was all we could manage ! -RRB- . You have to do it at least 30 minutes before or after a meal . I used more than a bottle in a test period of about 2 months . At the end of that time , I saw no change whatsoever . He just got back from his dental yesterday . I will work harder on brushing and skip this product .
 I am not sure if it works or not as I could n't get it into my dog 's mouth enough times . The smell is STRONG-very fishy and very minty . The oil needs to be put in the dog 's mouth , I had to put it on my finger and rub on my dog 's teeth . She has not enjoyed the oil .
 I ordered the salmon flavor hoping that the flavor will be more acceptable for my Pekingese . Well , I got it , i smelled it , i tasted it , and I can tell you there is absolutely zero resemblance to Salmon even though the bottle cleared is labeled `` wild salmon '' flavor . This product smells like mentholatum and it taste minty with an artificial/chemical after taste , it 's not sweet or salty , but rather bitter like mediciny . I ca n't image any dog accepting this taste as good unless some dogs are just a curious eater . The first time i rubbed some on my dog , he allowed me since he had no clue what it was . his reaction was like he was trying to spit out whatever i rubbed on him and he shooked his head repeatedly/violently . The 2nd time , the minute I unscrewed the cap , he must have smelt the chemical or recalled his previous trauma coz he immd ran the other way and he ran as if he was running for his life . At this point , I knew , there 's no sense in trying as no way no how would he allow me to put it in his mouth . So I have it sitting in my frig . . maybe I will use it on myself ... I heard another reviewer said he uses on himself . So I ca n't review on the efficacy of this product but just be warned that 1st hurdle is whether your pooch will accept the taste . if your dog only eats what taste good , then you can forget about this product . if your dog is a curiously eater , then you can try it .
 PetzLife Oral Care Gel Salmon Oil - When I put this gel on my finger my dog left the room . It stinks to high-heaven and no way will my dog touch it . When I forced it on her she coughed until it was all out of her mouth . I would much rather pay a vet to clean her teeth than to inflict this awful product on her.Gloria Carlson
 Please do not buy this ! I gave the recommended dosage to my 20lb dog for 2 days and she became violently ill ! The vet said it was a reaction from this product . She became so sick very quickly and would have died if we did not rush her to the vet . I wrote the company to let them know about this and all they said to me is `` you can not return this product if it was is used ! '' Good thing they care about pets and about selling products that may be toxic ! Please DO NOT use this product or buy from these horrible people if you care about your pets lives !
 I have to warn small dog owners about using this product without researching the ingredients . Yes , it is all natural but did you know that rosemary oil can be lethal to small dogs ? It can cause seizures . Our mini dachshund had a full blown seizure within a week of starting this product . PLEASE , for your friends sake , do not use this product until you read the warnings on using herbal oils in dog treatments or food . I can not prove that this product caused the seizure but the dog has had no such episodes in his four years of life . He is healthy and full of life . I will not continue using this product on my dogs after reading the effects and dangers of essential oils , specifically rosemary oil , in dog treatments and food . Essential oils are much too concentrated and are nothing like the whole plant . A drop of essential oil is 100 times stronger than a pinch of the herb plant . This product may work great but I will not risk my pet 's well being for the sake of a quick fix .
 I bought this for my toothbrush averse pets , but unfortunately neither my cat nor dog can stand the stuff . I even tried the peanut butter as suggested -LRB- think about that combination -RRB- and they still turned up their noses -- including the dog , who thinks dirt and bugs are delicious . I ended up trying to use it as a toothpaste , but the smell is so disgusting , that was torture for both of us . And , the point was to avoid brushing , or I could use any doggie toothpaste that has a better smell and taste if I have to brush!Two thumbs -LRB- one for each animal -RRB- down on this one .
 Bought Petzlife salmon gel about a month ago . I 've used it on my 2 yr old mini doxie faithfully . She 's a rescue dog who is blind and deaf the dentist wanted to clean her teeth for around $ 600 . They were n't that bad so I looked for an alternative and found Petzlife . . I had already been brushing her teeth 2-3 times a week . So this sounded great . . Maybe it 's because her teeth were n't as bad as the other dogs commented on here . . but I 've seen no improvements . What plaque she had she still has . The light redness of her gums is still there . And she hate her brushing just as much as she always did . . and this stuff is hard to get out of the bottle ... and sinks . . I smell NO SALMON smells , what I do smell is a harsh chemical smell.So far I feel as if I 've wasted a lot of money . . sad to say . So if I could I 've give it a thumbs down . Will I buy this product again that 's a big NO !
 Dont know how well it works as my dog hates the taste - the salmon oil - its a fight to brush = so have been inconsistent . May try a different flavor .
 I do n't know if PetzLife Oral Care Gel with Wild Salmon oil works or not , because putting it on my dog 's teeth is problematic . She 'll let me brush her teeth , but she really HATES PetzLife Oral Care Gel with Wild Salmon oil . After putting it on , she snorts , sputters and sneezes . It 's not worth upsetting her so much . And my dog loves fish , which is why I got the salmon flavor .
 My cats absolutely hate this product . Im so sad because it looks like an amazing idea and effective too if I could get it in their mouth .
 I have a Yorkshire Terrier . I try to brush her teeth every day or 2 -LRB- yorkies are very prone to tooth decay -RRB- , but she fights me pretty hard . I bought this thinking I might be able to cut back a bit . I thought it being salmon oil she might even like it . She HATES it . I ca n't say that I blame her it smells kind of minty ... She actually fights me more just rubbing this on her teeth than she does brushing them . It may do wonders for some , but I think well just keep brushing .
 I have seen no improvement in the appearance of my dogs ' teeth after using the product for 2 to 3 weeks . It says it will help 30 days , so after 75 % of that time I would expect to see some improvement and I do n't . I wo n't buy it again .
 Seems to be a good product but my dog is not crazy about it and it must be stored in the refrigerator - which might be why my dog is not thrilled about it .
 As far as keeping the pH in your aquarium at 7.0 this product works great if used according to the directions . It claims to remove chlorine , chloramine and ammonia with some kind of `` conditioning agents '' and this may very well be true but if you rely on chemical means to remove ammonia as opposed to doing water changes you are minimally asking for stressed fishes if not sick or dead eventually . In any case , the downfall to this product is that it is made up of phosphate salts , which as you add this product to your tank it causes the phosphates -LRB- PO4 -RRB- to build in concentration . High levels of PO4 in your aquarium is not what you want because it can and will cause algae blooms beyond your control . Ideally , PO4 levels in your tank should be zero to very low levels that ca n't be detected with colorimetric test kits . If you have algae problems in your tank I highly recommend investing in a PO4 test kit . You must do a water change to get rid of phosphates , do n't rely on any product to remove PO4 unless you have a reef tank -LRB- salt water -RRB- and need to remove low levels!As far as keeping your pH at neutral you would also make life much easier by investing in a pH pen -LRB- i.e. Waterproof pH Tester ; ~ $ 40 - $ 100 -RRB- and the calibration solutions for it . Use liquid pH down -LRB- API brand -RRB- and you can use store bought baking soda -LRB- Sodium Bicarbonate ; NaHCO3 ; Arm and Hammer brand fine ... cheap too ! -RRB- to bring your pH up ; however , you may still want some liquid pH up too . The NaHCO3 will increase your pH and carbonate hardness -LRB- Alkalinity -RRB- helping to stabilize your pH as the phosphate buffers do in Seachem 's Neutral Regulator WITHOUT the PO4 ! Turn your pH pen on and take the pH of your tank while you add pH up or down until you increase or decrease the pH by no more than 0.2 pH units . In other words , if your pH is 6.4 and you want to be at 6.9 increase it from 6.4 to 6.6 the first day . Then the next day go from 6.6 to 6.8 etc. . My experience is that in the above example you 'll find that the pH of 6.6 you set the day before will drop by the following day so just work your way up incrementally . This is because the organisms in your aquarium utilize the carbonate . Also get yourself a hardness test kit too -LRB- API brand -RRB- that gives you general and carbonate hardness and follow directions for adjusting to levels suitable for your fishes . Incidentally , Drs. Axelrod 's and Burgess 's fresh and marine atlases , respectively , provide this information for numerous fishes . I know this sounds complicated but the reality is this is the proper way to maintain a fish tank . It 's a hobby and should be fun to do ! Dedicate some time to caring for the water quality and you 'll have much healthier , vibrant and happy fishes !
 I bought this product at Petco because an algal bloom had raised the pH of my pond to over 9 and my fish were suffering . Of course , the product does not clearly say on the bottle that it contains phosphates ! I did n't realize this until seeing the other review here on Amazon . Now I still have a serious algae problem because of all the phosphate in the pond -LRB- which the algae feed off of -RRB- ! Oh , and my pond pH is still sky high . It 's not clear to me that this product did anything for it besides make the problem worse !
 Please know that this cuddle pal is very small . Also I received a duck , not a mouse , which is disappointing because I chose this product because it was a mouse . Like the other reviewer I wonder how much or how old the catnip is ... Jackson is really uninterested . Total bummer.I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because it is pretty damn cute if you are interested in a duck . .
 I ordered this toy for my two cats -- received one toy -LRB- the pink bunny -RRB- but actually thought from the picture that it was the group of toys shown . However , do not believe it has any catnip -- neither cat is even slightly interested in the toy.Ethical Pastel Cuddle Pals Cat Toy with Catnip
 I used this years ago for my cock a poo and decided to give it a try for the two guys I now have . I hoped it would alleviate itching and shedding but did not accomplish either .
 This is a sale for ` Linatone Shed Relief Plus with added zinc ' , but what is pictured is the product that I was wanting to purchase
 My egyptian mau wo n't have anything to do with this stuff . I 've tried straight and mixed in food . No luck . It was a waste of money . Maybe it 's just my cat or maybe it 's more suited to dogs since typically they are n't as finicky as cats .
 I have been using the gold label Linatone pictured here , on my shih Tzu rescue since February 2012 . She had severe dermititis when I adopted her due to flea infestation and it worked wonders on her . But my vet no longer carries it , he only has the purple label which is for skin and shedding and for my purposes , not as effective . I ordered the gold label from here but received the purple label instead . I think that the sellers need to adjust the photo they have here to avoid such confusion in the future .
 For starters , one of the clear tube caps was broken right out of the box , so I Crazy Gluedthat . Then I realized that the slits on the lid for ventalation were way to wide for tinycrickets , so I did a major modification.Using screen , and a hot glue gun , I covered all the slits with screen -LRB- pretty much the wholelid -RRB- . I had to measure and cut each piece of screen to fit.It looks funky , but now not a single tiny crick can escape !! The tubes usualy have way too many cricks in them unless you have some other stuff , like eggcartons in there for them to hide.If not , be prepared to dump a zillion cricks in your animal cage accedently !! Would be nice if you could SEE through the tubes , but no , you have no way to know how manyare in there -LRB- if any -RRB- . Not really very useful to me . It 's easier to just use an empty clear plastic tooth brush tube , lay it on the inside edge , and heard the cricks into it with your hand.Then just put a cap on the tube and you can adjust just how many you want.Oh well , I can still use it for a mantis cage !!! would work great for that !!
 This cricket keeper is a waste of money . While the black tubes -LRB- with clear caps on the ends of the tubes -RRB- are a good idea to help get the crickets out when you need them , crickets can still escape from this keeper through the lid . I set this in my bathtub since so many crickets keep escaping every night and I 'm still finding crickets around the house .
 dont order if u need it on time ... been waiting forever for them to ship it . im still waiting
 This keeper will only hold fully adult crickets . Small to medium sized crickets escape with ease . The holes in the lid are huge . You might as keep your small crickets in a container without a lid at all - it 's that useless.I do like that they sell replacement parts , that 's awesome .
 Ordered Large received Small ... do n't waste your time ... obviously others have had the same problem !! I went to return and could not do the automated return ... had to waste more time and call !
 I ordered the &#34; Large &#34; Cricket Keeper , yet recieved the small . I already have a small , and wanted to upgrade . I do not want to use two smalls , when I should have received the large . Would not buy from this buyer again . ... Poor Teddy -LRB- Bearded Dragon -RRB- RIP
 I thought it would be smaller , and like burlap or something - but it is just a styrofoam ball with this low-quality fabric covering it . My cat did n't even give it a second look .
 My dog -LRB- Yorkie/Doxie mix -RRB- loved this for the first hour , until I noticed several small red pieces broken off - hope she did n't swallow any . Threw it immediately in the trash , should have contacted amazon instead , but I already threw it out . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID , and do n't risk your dog swallowing the broken pieces . EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED .
 I am very disappointed in this toy because after a matter of hours my Lab started chipping away at the ends . I guess this toy is made for small dogs that do n't chew , or to just throw it around and then pick it up so they have no time to just chew on it . This is the second KONG toy that I have been let down by in a day , and I hope the other two toys I ordered will last longer .
 my golden retriever is only a moderate chewer but she took 30 minutes to chip a piece of the rubber .
 The Kong Jump 'N Jack Dog Toy was cute and bouncybut not as sturdy or durable as described . My puppyhad it all of 5 mins . before biting a piece off.Not for dogs that chew a lot !
 We gave this to our leagle -LRB- lab/beagle mix -RRB- and she loved it . It bounces erratically and is fun to chase . The ridges also make it fun to chew . Unfortunately , with in 15 minutes of gnawing , she was able to start removing tiny pieces of rubber . Normally , Kongs -LRB- unlike many other toys -RRB- prove indestructible to her ... not this one . Great toy if your dog is not a strong chewer .
 Our lab loves the toy - its a lot of fun . But he was able to chew through it in a few hours . I would recommend getting the original Kong instead or the one thats shaped like a bone . They are much harder and better for chewing and our lab loves them as much . He can never have too much of playing with them .
 My golden puppy was able to destroy this toy in 10 minutes . The grooves of the Kong made it too easy to rip apart . The black Extreme Kong and red Kong ball have survived my puppy 's wrath so far , but the red Kong 's do n't stand a chance .
 We have an Australian Cattle Dog that is a heavy chewer . We love the Kong treat toy -LRB- KONG Classic Kong Dog Toy , Large , Red -RRB- , but were very disappointed with this one . Our dog loved it . She would chew on it , bounce it around , and chase it . However , after only a few minutes of time with it , we noticed small pieces were breaking off at the corners . We chose this particular toy because of the reputation of the Kong brand . This one just did n't seem as good as the other Kong toys we 've tried . If you have a dog that chews a lot , I would recommend not getting this product .
 I was really looking forward to getting this and adding treats for my 14 month old lab . He had one knob chewed off within 5 minutes . Never was able to add treats : - -LRB-
 My 11 month only Shih-poo had this toy in pieces within 5 seconds . The toy is VERY soft and she chewed it up after ripping it apart . I would not suggest this toy for the active pup . : - -LRB-
 Well , this is another toy that sits . Niether of my two dogs have any interest in it - whether it is thrown or rolled . Oh well , had to try ...
 I was not happy with this product although I had previously purchased other Kong toys . It was too easy for my dog -LRB- a pit bull -RRB- to chew this toy and I refuse to let her play with it anymore since a good amount was chewed off . A waste of money !
 Within 5 minutes of our unwrapping the toy and giving it to our dog to chew on , the toy started breaking apart into small pieces . I am very disappointed .
 I purchased this from Walmart.My cat weights about fifteen pounds and she had no problem fitting inside the bag . The other two cats were not in anyway interested in the toy . There are large breathing holes on top of the bag.The idea is great and it is so simple to put together . I did n't even look at the instructions.Yet , it was n't worth my time and it was n't worth my money . From the get go , there were problems . The first problem , which I did n't really mind was that the holes that connects the bag and the frame together did n't line up . Yet , it was very easy to create different holes . The pegs are extremely small so if you have small children or other pets that would chew on plastic parts or just swallow the things , I would n't recommend this product for your household . The pegs are about half of a cheerio size.The other problem is that the bag did n't fit the frame . I took it apart and no matter which way I put it back together , it just did n't fit . I tried to pull the corner over , as you could a fabric but this is plastic so it tore . Instead of tearing it further , which was bound to happen if I kept trying to pull the plastic to meet the frame , I let it hang loose.My cat had played with it for a few moments and walked away . It seemed she would be more interested in it if I just let the bag unattached to the frame . I could had made the same toy but more sturdier and maybe more interesting for my cat on my own with only three sticks , feathers , a box and nylon line .
 This product is not worth the money you pay for it ... the holes will not line up with the clips therefore the material ripped due to being tugged trying to line it up ... my cat never even got to play in it at all . Waste of money !!
 Just give your cats a box to play instead of wasting your money on this ... First the bag is too small for the frame !! It ripped at the seams at the top when trying to fit & attach the bag to the bottom ... I do n't even think it is safe to let my cats play with this unsupervised ...
 I tried to set up the activity center but the pieces did not fit . The parts were n't distributed correctly so I got an extra side piece instead of the top piece where the ball was suppose to hang off of . The area where the cat is supposed to hide is made out of a piece of a plastic bag that does not even fit the connecting pipes set up . I do not recommend this product at all .
 this product is defective . Bag is too small for frame . This would be a great toy for cats it were made properly .
 I was SO excited for my cats when I ordered and received this , but when I went to set it up for them there was TWO left sides and not a right.Where you hook it on the sides on the front and attach the poles.I am very disappointed in HARTZ!I am pretty sure Amazon claimed this was new NOT used.Perhaps the Hartz company messed it up when packing it for sale.Well I 'm not wasting anymore money to send this back to Amazon.Well it 's all set up -LRB- sort of -RRB- lol.Well if my cats are happy with it , I 'm happy with it ... I guess .
 Does not work if you have a small dog that you are trying to keep in behind the gate , can fit threw slates . -LRB- 3lbs dog -RRB-
 Cheaply designed , surprised it got that much rating . The metal does n't make it sturdier , just heavier . It 's structurally flimsy , not worth 36 dollars . I rather go with sturdier lighter plastic , but less functionality design .
 We bought this walk thru gate to give our cat access to the basement while keeping our -LRB- very large for his age -RRB- toddler away from the stairs . Much to our amazement , he managed to squeeze through the pet gate . He 's 13 months old , but very tall and heavy for his age -LRB- 95th percentile -RRB- . So I ca n't really give this more than 2 stars since it presents a significant safety risk for toddlers . We 're going to keep it since at least it gives us a bit more time to chase our boy down while he 's trying to make his way through the pet gate as opposed to having nothing , but overall we 're disappointed with this product and ca n't recommend it .
 I did a fair amount of research about these style of gate before buying one . The majority are designed and on the market for new parents of human babies . Traditional dog gates can be limited in the features they offer . So believe me when I say I was super excited about getting this gate for my home , my dog 's safety and implied ease of use for me . I had to purchase an extension for the Carlson Extra Wide to fit in my front hallway preventing the puppy from running to the door every time someone knocked or walked by . I was hopeful when I took it out of the box . The construction and welding seems sturdy and this is true , but unfortunately there has to more to recommend a gate then its construction . I also found out the ideally it is a two person job , because you want each of the 4 tightening screws to be equally extended for maximum stability of this gate . The bottom bar that runs across the the length of the opening can be tripped on , pushed etc. . slightly moving the entire placement of the gate or slanting it inward or outward.But here is my major disappointment and complaint about the design of the gate . The Extra Wide has a red slide lock that sits behind the locking mechanism on the gate . Meaning that a person must know to slide the red square back and up BEFORE even trying to lift the lock latch up and at a 90 degree angel before opening the gate . The two step process of releasing and engaging the lock is not made clear by any markings on the gate - like `` step 1 '' or `` push back '' `` Step two '' or `` lift to 90 degrees '' I ca n't tell you how many times full grown adults who have Master 's to your average joe like me looked at this gate and I had to explain how to open and then close it . I had to say '' you have to pull back on the red thing and then lift up on the latch until it is at a 90 degree angel for the gate to work . So , the day came , a guest was leaving and they simply pulled up on the latch without pulling back on the child safety lock , red thing and two small pieces of plastic gate fell to the ground and it was broken - done . This gate was not inexpensive . I was hoping it would last a bit longer then about 5 months or less before a simple mistake , not any kind of misuse could break it so easily and completely . The lock , with the child safety -LRB- red thing -RRB- is totally unneeded or at the least poorly designed and is far too hard to operate with ease or without risk of breaking it . If all that is standing between me and a total waste of money is two little plastic knobs I wish I had know , so I could have spent my money somewhere else . So I would not be where I am now - with a lot of plastic & metal gate that I will have to pay to throw away at the dump . Plus the need to buy a whole new gate at yet another not minor expense - nearly $ 100 dollars when it is all said and done and at your door . expense . Why is everything made so darn cheaply ? Is it really that hard to get it right ? I guess the fact that there are countless child and pet gates out there answers my question . Yes , it is so hard to do it right the first time around . Was hoping for a better made product that was designed knowing it would be opened and closed several times a day for years . not 5 months or less .
 It 's flemsy when you put the extensions on . I have a daycare and any time the kids bump it , it falls off . We took it down because it kept falling and that was more dangerous than not having one . It got to a point where it would fall even when you were opening the gate to go through . Also people kept tripping on the metal piece on the bottom every time they went through . I would not purchase this item again specially for how much they charge .
 I purchased this same model at Pet smart , and found out that when installed , if firmly installed to ensure the gate itself will not budge from the fixed position , the gate latch will not have room to open . If adjusted to allow the latch to open , my 80 pound Bulldog could easily topple it -LRB- likely onto the unsuspecting cat ! -RRB- I had tried to find the middle ground between the two , but it ends up being easy to push over and can not be opened . I believe the fault lies within the pads that anchor the gate to the wall , perhaps in combination with the paint on the frame -LRB- likely latex paint -RRB- , allows it to slide very easily . I shall be returning this to Pet smart for a full refund . If you still plan on purchasing this item , I would suggest examining the area where you plan to install it . The anchor-pads have about the same `` grip '' as a used running shoe , so it will need a relatively rough surface to cling to without letting it slide around and still let your gate function . Good luck , and keep the receipt .
 The gate I received has a defect . The smaller gate on this model , through which a cat can pass , can not open . The sliding bolt that is pulled back to open the mini-gate wo n't open without my assertive use of pliers . That 's because the hole into which the bolt passes to lock the gate is located lower than the bolt 's level . I see three manufacturing issues in this : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Somebody on the assembly line did not drill the hole precisely where it should be located to receive the bolt smoothly and on the horizontal level ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- Somebody later in the line forced in the bolt at a severe angle to make it fit , not caring about the impossibility of re-opening the mini-gate ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- No quality control person at the end of the line checked to see if the mini-gate is workable.What appears to be a reasonably good product is in my unit malfunctioning -- on the very part that is featured in this model , the small animal gate within the larger one . Be aware that this can happen .
 I bought this two days ago ; It is very easy to put up BUT my shih tzu is 4 months & she went right through it head first !
 We bought one of these from Target locally , and found that the bottom bar of the door on the gate was welded improperly . This made closing the gate very difficult , and the pet door would not latch or swing freely . The installation was ok , though , and the idea is good . But I would try to find one locally so you can be sure it was made properly before buying .
 I had bought this gate so for my cats to use and also to keep my nephew out of areas he should not be going to . I found this under baby gates search . The warning label on this product says it is not a baby gate ! This would have been nice to know . My 18 mos nephew was able to fit through the small pet door . I still have it to keep my cats from bothering me in the morning but this is only for pets , not kids .
 I guess you get what you pay for . The gate was cheap in every way . It does not lock securely into the door frame . If the plastic pieces on the end were made from rubber instead of plastic it might grip better but I can pull it out of the door frame pretty easily . When my dog gets bigger I 'm sure she 'll be able to knock it down with no problem . Also the little pet door is HUGE and had to be modified so the dog could n't squeeze through . I should have just gotten a baby gate and modified it so my cats can fit through .
 Item was shipped fast , and as expected , but missing the hand wheels that make sure the gate is secure in doorway . So I am stuck with a gate that I can not use because of missing pieces
 First off the door was broken and would n't lach when the gate was received but we got past that.I bought this gate for a 5lb mali poo puppy who was able to escape through each rail without any effort . This gate is not for small dogs as they can squeeze through the panels very easily .
 I purchased one of these from Target and I had the same issues . Its not welded square and it says its supposed to be like that . Ok so I go with it and tighten the tension rods ... read the directions again...re-tighten tension rods . I messed around with it for over 45min and there was still too much of a gap for the door to catch the latch . I think the worst part is there is n't enough reinforcement on the side frame member as the top bends in from the tension . The usability of this gate is terrible I just ended up getting these plastic pressure gates that worked ten times better and cost half as much .
 Ijust dont get it ... with all the positive reviews . The one I have is the 0530pw model . It cant be much different than the model here . Looks the same and seems like its supposed to operate the same . Iam a contractor and used to handling issues with tools and different items . I have put together countless toys and furniture pieces as well , with no problem . This thing just wont go for me . And I just dont understand why . I can get it to stay firm on the wall but soon as I try to open the door , wham it falls apart . Not only that but the bottom will not line up for the door to close . I was all ready to accept that issue and just use it with that out of allinment but I cant even do that . After 4 hours I was ready to throw it out the window . Finally I gave up . What a waste of money this has been
 Unhappy with gate , which was presented as new . Arrived bent . I am trying to use , but can not seem to straighten , thus it does not fit snuggly in the door way .
 Im not joking - please DO NOT buy this gate . I got it home and assembled it and it is not safe at all what so ever . I bought this item to keep my pets food/laundry room safe from my kids . I got it today and assembled it and have had nothing buy problems . I called CARLSON who is the manufacturer and they brushed it off like it was no big deal . They did not care that it was so poorly made , they also stated it IS NOT meant for any children in the home . It is for PETS ONLY so please do not buy if you have small kids . It just pushes right over and is very unsafe . BUYER BEWARE their company is very rude .
 i was super disappointed because i thought this was the same gate that they have for babies , but with a pet door . it is NOT ! it does n't secure to the wall enough for a baby . i guess it would be okay if it was n't for use at the top of the steps or other major hazards . i REALLY wish that was listed clearly on here or i would n't have bought this gate . it said this on the instruction manual though !
 I am very disappointed with the description of this gate . When I searched `` Baby Gate with Cat opening '' this gate came up . After reading the entire description it sounded like what I was looking for ... . until I got it ... . this gate is NOT to be used as a baby gate ! It does not state that ANYWHERE in the description and the best part ... . I could n't even return the gate ... so I just wasted 45 bucks on something I ca n't even use ... this gate is to gate off dogs but still allowing a cat to roam ... very disappointed !
 I searched for a child-proof gate on Amazon Mom and this item shows up as one of the top results along with the Regalo gates . As I read the instructions , it says in capital letters
 Had there been a full description of this product on the website , I would not have purchased it . We needed a gate for the top of our stairs to protect our baby yet allow the cats through . The product box states extra wide gate , but nothing about for whom/what it is intended to be used.When we received the item , the item had a sticker that specifically stated ` NOT TO BE USED FOR CHILDREN ' . Too bad this information was n't shared prior to purchase.Regarding the gate 's usability , the plastic latch is such that if you tighten the pressure wall mounts without using the OPTIONAL wall mounts that actually screw to the walls , you can not pass through the gate . If you loosen the pressure wall mounts so that you can pass through the gate , the slightest pressure against the gate pushes it right over.Also , the smaller pet pass through door opens in one direction while the larger gate opens in the opposite direction . This would be ok if the smaller door opened flush with the larger gate , but since it does n't , the smaller door partially blocks the opening of the larger gate . My husband has already tripped over the small door while walking through the gate.Our recommendation is to either ruin your walls with the optional mounting system so that the gate is more sturdy or go with another more sturdy gate . And definitely plan on closing the small pet door every time you open the gate !
 A few reasons we decided to return this gate : - The pressure screws also control how much clearance the gate latch has . If the screws are tightened enough to securely hold the gate in place , the door can not be opened . The gate can be mounted so the door opens freely , but then the top of the gate can be easily pushed over by our labrador -LRB- or our 9 month old -RRB- . - There are included screw-mount cups to make the gate mount firmly . These work , but require a permanent mount position -LRB- and holes in the wall -RRB- . - The metal brace at the bottom of the gate is about an inch-and-a-half high , if you place the gate at the top of a flight of steps , it 's surprisingly clumsy to step over.All-in-all an clumsy , inelegant design .
 I never recieved my order and was charged for it ! No one will help me at UPS or AMAZON !!!! Do n't bother ordering from these people !
 Installed this gate using the 6-inch extension in my 38-inch wide stairway . By the time you have the gate tightened in enough that you 'd feel comfortable having a baby trying to climb it it has been compressed too tightly to open the gate ! Loosen the screws enough to get the gate open and it wobbles when you put stress on it . I love the pet door idea but I 'm going to have to return the gate because it just does n't feel safe enough to keep my baby contained .
 We have 2 cats and a 7 month old who is on the verge of crawling . The `` NOT for children '' label on the gate made me do a little more research . Over 100 children have died in the US from crawling through pet doors and drowning , wandering out into the street , etc. . A 3 year old who is under 40 pounds could easily crawl through the door in this gate , and get into trouble . Well constructed and sturdy , but please do n't use it for your child .
 I purchased this product 05 Dec 2011 and found it difficult to assemble and then tight enough to keep out pets . It is supposed to be tight enough to keep your dogs from pushing it over . The bottom will secure tight enough , but if you get it tight enough on the top , you ca n't open it ! If you follow the directions and leave the `` Gap '' in the latch , any dog , or kid can knock it down just by pushing or leaning on it . I was dumb enough to purchase 2 of these items just before Christmas and gave one to a friend - who did n't get to try it out until she returned from her vacation -LRB- which will be past my 30 day return mark ... -RRB- She did not like it either and had the same complaints . I 'll let you know if they 'll accept the return if over 30 days . I do not recommend this item to anyone unless you only have very small dogs ! My dog is only 40 Lbs .
 `` This item was purchased two summers ago -LRB- June 2008 -RRB- , when I took on a 50-lb . Chocolate Lab as a foster dog . Having six cats at the time , one of which has a permanent limp and was not supposed to jump high things at the time , I needed to provide them with a way to get upstairs to their litterboxes , while at the same time preventing the Lab from doing the same . Great concept ; failed miserably . I discovered the hard way that a determined dog CAN and WILL get through the small pet door . That 50-lb . Lab ? She squeezed her chubby little self right through that pet door with very little effort , and headed right for the litter boxes . I ended up having to keep the pet door shut and keep the injured cat upstairs for the duration of her stay which , thankfully , was only a couple of weeks after that incident.On a side note ; the pet door latches securely - but it is a bit tricky getting it to latch . If you are in a hurry you might as well not bother , because it will take you a little while to fit the tiny peg into the tiny hole . The pet door also will swing erratically when you open or close the main gate ; this is bothersome when you are in a bit of a hurry and have to stop to re-open the pet door because it closed most of the way.Additionally , when using the pressure installation , it should be noted that this gate CAN and WILL damage your walls if you have a house like mine ; one that is mass-produced in a subdivision , utilizing the bare minimum standard in construction materials . This gate was installed at the base of my stairwell ; within a day of initial installation , it had caused the plasterboard of the stairwell wall to separate from the lower moulding adjacent to the stairs themselves - on BOTH sides of the stairwell . The field manager of the subdivision also feels that the gate is the reason our stairway railing loosened and began to come off the wall . However , a permanent installation would not be feasible , simply because of the less-than-ideal construction ; the pressure fit is the better of the two choices , and given the results , that does n't say much.Even though during that first few months of use , I was not able to utilize the `` cat door , '' as my children call it , I kept the gate because I got pregnant that summer and figured I would need it . My baby is a month shy of a year old ; and I now have to replace the gate . For no apparent reason , the red slide on top of the gate that holds the latch in place cracked along the side , from left to right - ALL THE WAY from one side to the other , rendering it useless . A friend suggested I obtain a replacement part , but looking at it tonight , it is quite obvious that trying to replace it would be an exercise in futility . I am better off replacing it - with something else entirely.The main gate on the unit is sufficient ; however , it is difficult for most full-grown adults to pass through easily when carrying anything , be it a book or a baby . My husband must turn almost completely sideways in order to pass through safely ; and if I am carrying the baby or a larger item , like a backpack , I must do the same . Even my 13-year-old daughter , who weighs 90 pounds , must turn sideways in similar situations . This gate has proven time and again to be more hassle than it is worth.I WOULD recommend this gate to someone who has no small children . I WOULD recommend this gate to someone who has a dog that could n't care less about kitty-litter crunchies . I WOULD recommend this gate to someone whose house can withstand a hurricane . I WOULD NOT recommend this gate to anybody who has small children , determined dogs , or a `` cookie-cutter '' home that uses the bare minimum standard in construction materials - to put it another way , I WOULD NOT recommend this product to the vast majority of people I know . ''
 This may be one of the cheaper options when it comes to pet gates , but it is not worth the money . When I put the gate together , the door and the rail where it is supposed to latch did not meet . The directions said that this was normal and would fit properly once the gate was installed with the proper tension . After installing the gate and adjusting the tension , the latch and rail still do not meet . I am not able to lock the swinging door . I have used the gate anyway , since it still serves its purpose . However after several weeks of use , the screws at the bottom have become loose , and possibly stripped since I have been unable to tighten them . The side rail flops back and forth and does not stand up straight . The whole gate unit is off balance and tips over frequently . I am going to contact the manufacturer , but I have basically accepted that I just threw $ 50 down the drain . I would recommend saving your $ 50 and investing it in a slightly more expensive , but better put together gate .
 It very clearly says this warning on the gate itself . To my great disappointment , though , this information is not part of the product description.So , buyer be warned that this product is not intended to be used as a baby gate ; it 's only to be used to keep large pets out while allowing smaller pets through .
 I was searching for the perfect gate to keep my Jack Russell secured in a bedroom . Looking at the picture I thought wow this product is great . Boy was I wrong !! The picture shows the gate with a huge dog behind it and a little door for a cat to get through . Well my Jack Russell is about the size of that cat , and well she did not need the little door to get through because she fit between the door frame and the bars . The bars are spaced way to far apart to keep a smaller animal inside ... so I do not recommend this for a small animal because they will get out . You may just find your furniture destroyed when you get home because the product is horrible !!
 My dog walks out between the bars.The gate is useless to us . It should not be sold to anyone who has a 7 lb dog
 When I set isntalled this product , there were metal prongs that stuck out from the bottom and are highly dangerous . I bought this gate because there are 2 dogs , a cat , and a baby that is starting to walk in my household . I was excited when I found this gate because it was multipurpose , but as it turns out it is very dangerous . I am returning it .
 This gate will sahow up in a baby gate search but the instructions that come with the gate clearly state that it is NOT TO BE USED WITH CHILDREN !
 I had been told by an employee at Petsmart that this gate was the best . I was surprised about workmanship looked good . but it is kind of flimsy . My dog -LRB- shih tzu -RRB- can get through between the bars . Does not say it is not for small dogs . So now I have to put things in front of it to keep her in . It does not stay secure to the wall either .
 Horrendous gate . Not sturdy at all . I have a 30 LB GSD mix and he knocked it over on the first jump . Set up was terrible . took over an hour and not worth the money ! I ended up having to buy a different one from petsmart.Also , the cat door does only open one way ! however , cats can jump with ease so its not such a big deal , also u can just prop it open .
 When I first purchased this gate I loved it ! I was able to keep my dog out of the living room where he had previosly urinated on an extension cord that caught fire -LRB- luckily I was home and was able to put it out -RRB- There was a small gap where the latch closed the gate . I thought no biggie until the next day when I went out shopping and came back 3 hrs.later to find my 12lb Pomeranian dangling from his back leg . Apparently he must have seen the cat jump over the gate and decided he can do it too.Although it has a cat door I couldnt keep it open because he could easily fit through it . He looked dead because he had went into shock . I had to rush him to the emergency room where they did x-rays , blood work etc. . I wound up spending over 1000.00 dollars in the vet bill.I am too terrified to even think about purchasing the tall version of this gate.Never in a million years would I have thought he would be able to jump over it.So PLEASE as an animal lover I beg you if you have a small dog DO NOT PURCHASE this gate . If you must go for the taller version .
 We bought this gate so the cats could travel back and forth though the gated area but the dog can not . The small gate is so large that the 45 pound dog fits through without any problems . When the small gate is closed she can easily push it open and exit the gated area.The gate only opens one way , all other gates we have open both ways so very poorly designed.The gate takes two hands to open - one to push the release and keep it open and then one hand to lift the plastic locking mechanism - very poorly designed.The weilding seems are not all covered with the white so they show up as a darker area and look unsightly.I would not recommend this gate to anyone .
 very cheap and flimsy ! I would never buy this type of product ever again ! It just falls apart ! I did n't help or serve it 's purpose ...
 We received the gate promptly and it was packed well . That 's about all the nice things that I can say . The gate was welded together very crooked and the paint was flaking off at all the weld areas . The gate was so crooked that it could n't even be installed . I am returning the gate tomorrow . I like the idea of the pet door . I also ordered the Safety 1st Baby and Pet Gate and we like it very much and will be keeping it .
 a little cheaper than I though . . it puts a lot of force on the wood in a door way , could easily cause damage . nice idea , but did n't work as I though ... purchased it but probably wont use it ... sticking to the cheap $ 10 one I have
 No idea why they call it extra wide - it 's 29 - 44 inches , I.e. the standard door width . I 'm looking for a 50 inch product and wasted my time here
 This gate would not shut properly and was really just overall cheaply made . It would n't hold my 16 lb baby hanging on it like all our other gates do . I this bought one for my stairs that I thought would be nice for the cats to go through but , it was so flimsy and would n't match up to shut properly so we returned it . I went with the dream baby gate like we have updstairs instead . They are much more steardy and close by themselves .
 I bought this gate to keep my dog out of a bedroom while letting my cat through.It was super easy to set up , but here 's why I would n't recommend it :1 . My dog can squeeze herself through the cat door . She 's 45 pounds , and when I first put the gate up , she managed to get through the cat opening . It deters her because it 's a challenge , but she can definitely still get into the bedroom if she wants to .2 . The door is difficult to open . You have to slide a tab and then lift the handle to open the door . I do n't love that . . it takes two hands.I kept it because I had already set it up and did n't want to bother taking it down to return . It also is n't life-or-death to keep the dog out of the bedroom , just more of a preference.However , if you have a medium size dog and it 's imperative to keep the dog out , this is not your door .
 I was extremely disappointed from the moment the package arrived . The box had been ripped , but the gate appeared to be fine . The gate does not work in our apartment , as there is molding along the floor . Therefore , the top will not align with the wall .
 I bought this after reading several reviews . My Chihuahua finished the edible bone in 10 minutes , but then he did n't like to touch those two none edible ones . It was kind of waste of money .
 After eating part of the bacon flavored bone my dog spent most of the night up yellow foamy GOO ! . Maybe it was expired but no expiration date on the package so no way to know . Needless to say I wo n't be buying Nylabone products again.UPDATE . 4 days later she is not throwing up but has bad diarrhea . What could be in that BACON flavored NYLABONE ?
 I actually have n't used it , because it says on the package not to use if you have snails in your tank . It did not mention this on the website , so I bought it but have n't had the opportunity to see if it works or not ... I am planning to try to transfer my snails to another tank and then I can try it on my tank that has an algae bloom , but there are a lot of little snails to pick out , so I hope to have the kids do it over break ... I will update my review then .
 Not a bad thing , but made a slim difference . It 's not really necessary . The algae did reduce , but overfeeding and tank light being on max 8 hours a day reduced algae .
 Paid extra to buy the Weathertech barrier thinking it would be better quality than the cheaper makes . If thats true then they must be really bad . Barrier received with package poorly taped , etc. . Plastic knob broken and it would n't fit my SUV -LRB- too short -RRB- . Needed two extensions - more wating and more money . Very poor instructions and no shippers packing list . Bought through Amazon because of ease of ordering and figured if for some reason it had to go back that it would be simple - like most Amazon orders . WRONG !!! No returns to this sellers . My mistake that I did n't check it out before.I 'll go to a store and see it before I buy and I 'll throw this one in the trash . I am surprised that Amazon works with someone that wo n't accept returns .
 I bought this to keep my two dogs in the back of my Rav 4 . Within minutes , they realized they could take their noses and slide the bars in and go around the barrier . I even tried to get the trombone arms flush against the windows/doors . Then , my younger dog realized that there is a gap due to the way the legs tighten and he would squeeze under the barrier -LRB- he weighs 70 lbs -RRB- . So , then I bought the extension , but due to the height of my ceiling , the gap is still large enough for him to squeeze through . So , then I flipped it over and he was able to squeeze between the ceiling and the bar . Now , I am looking for a different product .
 I bought one of these to control my Weimaraner in my Saturn Vue . They do not specify in their advertising before you buy the product , that you may need to add an extension piece or two that sell for $ 19.99 each plus shipping . I had to buy the extensions-two of them . My Weimaraner is n't an animal to push his way through the barrier . However when the vehicle stops and I 'm not talking about slamming on the breaks the dog comes against the barrier and the little suction cup type things on the top come off leaving a metal piece against the the headliner in your car which can result in damage as it did to mine . Then if the brakes are applied heavily the dog comes against the welds break which are small and flimsy . This also can result in bends to the pipes so that it can never be put together , taken apart , or adjusted easily . It seemed fine at first but as the miles add up the thing begins to rattle from every joint . The screws come out and you have to hunt for them in the floor of your car . But even when they are found and replaced the silence is fleet . It can drive you crazy hunting , replacing , rattling again and again even when all is screwed in place . This is enough to make the calmest driver crazy . I would not recommend this to anyone . I do show it to all the people in my obedience classes , my pet first aid classes , and my agility classes as a barrier `` not to buy '' . For the $ 90.00 I have invested in it I could have bought a good barrier instead of this piece of junk that is totally useless .
 product was n't delivered with all of the required parts for installation . the instructions also start assuming that 3 steps have already been completed , which made it tougher to identify that the issue . bad product .
 Does not work as claimed in the product advertising , i.e. , it does not fit all vehicles as it claims it can .
 I bought this item for my 2008 Subaru Outback before going on a 3 week road trip with two big dogs . It was very easy to install and I did it by myself . The vertical extensions are great and work fine because you can create pressure against the roof and floor of your car , securing it into place . The horizontal extensions are terrible ! There is nothing to lock them into place and it took about 5 seconds for my male dog to figure this out . He would wait for us to get out of the car and then use his nose to push the extensions closed and crawl through the space he created leaving room for my other dog to follow suit . As we were on vacation we did n't have access to tools and hardware so we used duct tape . Not the classiest way to secure the extensions but it did work . If you purchase this item and have a dog that has any sort of brain , do n't depend on the extension keeping them in the back . Get some clamps -LRB- or grey tape -RRB- and secure the horizontal extensions in place before using or do n't waste your time or money and get a different product .
 Should come with the tube that you have to attach to it to even work . Very vague instructions . cheaply made
 WHEN I FIRST GOT IT I WAS EXCITITED THEN I RELIZED IT NEEDED / DIDINT COME WITH A FLEXIBLE AIRLINE TUBE AND WAS WONDERING IF IT NEEDED THE AIRLINE TUBE
 I bought this because it was cheap and did n't seem to require anything active -LRB- pump , bubbler , etc. -RRB- . But I think I was mislead or confused since there were no instructions with the filter . It must require a pump to push the water up through the filter ... because otherwise it does nothing . Perhaps to an experienced fish tank owner that 's an obvious requirement for this product , but should be specified . Since it 's for a fish bowl , it seems that more clear instructions are needed since people with bowls * generally * seem to be folks who are just starting out with fish , as was my case .
 This is supposed to be for a 1 gallon fish bowl , so why was the connecting tube so long ? We had to cut it down to size so that the carbon section did not stick out above the water level . The bubbles seem to come out only in certain holes , not all of them . The noise level was pretty annoying as well . I do n't think that it filtered very well either . Upon the second day of use , the water turned cloudy . The plant is pretty sharp so I would recommend taking it out if you do decide to use this filter . The only good thing about this filter is that we did not have to spend too much on it and felt okay tossing it out .
 My bowl was so loud I kept it in the next room . And it always clouded the water . I never even had a fish in the bowl with this filter in it . It may work for you , but not for me .
 This filter does n't work . It does n't do anything . I do n't know how it is supposed to clean the bowl because there is no way of forcing the water through the filter . I wish I had realized before buying it that you had to buy additional product . I have a small fish bowl , so I wanted something small and simple . I do n't even know what I have to buy to go along with this thing .
 I paid $ 15 for this pouch at a dog store . Within the year , the hinge broke and it now opens lopsided and does n't easily stay open.Still looking for a quality pouch .
 Dogs never could figure it out , did not fit our faucet well , would only dispense water when at one exact angle . Not worth the money by any means
 I bought this for my cat . It worked for a FULL WEEK!First of all it was hard to setup as it would always go on for no reason . I thought it might be the grass that was too long or the wind blowing in the trees 20 feet away . What do I know . Well I just decided to live with the fact that this unit goes on all by itself every 10 minutes or so.But after a week it just stopped working . It would just shoot out water every 3 seconds and cut off and shoot out.I changed the batteries thinking they might be dead because the unit turned itself on every 10 minutes.But no . This unit is unusable ... I tried contacting the seller directly but they have n't answered the email I sent 10 days ago.I just read other reviews and now realize this is normal for this unit to fail.DO NOT BUY or else be ready to get annoyed .
 I purchased this because I wanted my dog to have fresh water all the time and I was tired of changing out the water bucket . I wanted this to work , really I did . I thought my dog would love it -LRB- which she did -RRB- . But after exchanging it twice I still could n't make it work . It kept coming on all the time , so it ran almost constantly . Tried moving it , tried replacing it , tried cleaning it out -LRB- repeatedly -RRB- . Perhaps I will try again in a couple of years when they have more of the bugs worked out . Great idea !
 I am always a little wary of negative reviews as it seems that most people these days are spoiled and think that the world is out to cheat them . With that said , I have nothing good to say about this product . It sounded to good to be true ... and it is.I ordered the Contech automatic fountain last summer for use by two well behaved boxers in a fenced back yard . I hooked it up and it worked well and the dogs figured it out in under 5 minutes . All was well for 3 months and then it began to malfunction . It would not turn on as the dogs stood in front of it or as I waved my hands in front of the sensor . Nothing . Changed the batteries . Nothing . Set out a bowl of water the next day and when I got home , the dogs had it working again . Point is , this thing is hit and miss . You can not rely on it to work . One day it 's fine and then no matter what you do , it will not work . It drips all day as it will not shut off properly as well . It is a great idea that 's time has not come yet.I 'm sure the company would act dumbfounded if called about the problems and would claim it works properly . It does n't . But if you do n't beleive me , I will be happy to sell you mine for 1/2 price and you can see for yourself.I have not contacted the company because I 'm sure that the best they would do is offer to replace it . No thanks.Just get a Lik-It for $ 6.00 and save yourself the grief .
 Ran intermittently from the beginning . Sometimes it would not work at all , with new batteries . Sometimes my whole porch would be flooded with no dogs in sight . It made a lot of noise when it started and stopped . Both my dogs hated it . One of them would not go near it ... ever . I guess you ca n't teach old dogs new tricks . I could have dealt with the dogs not liking it if it had worked a little better .
 I have purchased several of these and they do n't last long . The latest one that broke was put on 2 months ago and quit working even though the batteries are new . Looking for substitute one .
 It runs when nothing is near it and then not run when she wants a drink . Its a good thing , but needs to have a senser that is more direct and not cover the wide range it does .
 At first my dog loved this product because he prefers fresh water and is a larger dog so the it takes forever for him to get enough water from the faucet waterer . After a month I noticed that he stopped using it . After troubleshooting I thought the sun was blocking the sensor from picking up his presence . I moved the waterer to a fully shaded location but the problems continued . In order to get the waterer to turn on I had to wave my had in front of the sensor for 5 seconds before it would turn on but it would only remain on for 2 seconds before turning off . Obviously this is not long enough for my dog to get the water he needed so he gave up on it , as did I . It has been put up in my garage ever since because I hate to throw away such an expensive product . The return window for Amazon had expired so I was not able to return .
 This device did not last for maybe two months.I did have it in the sun though , I would imagine it would worklonger with the detector not exposed to sunlight.My dog did love it while it lasted .
 I ordered two Water Dog Automatic Pet Fountains . One works satisfactorily . The other one is defective and I am returning for replacement .
 This unit works great for 2-3 months , but then it fails.I have had very frustrating experience with this device for I bought 5 units so far since it came out on market.Everytime , the unit stopped functioning -LRB- or water kept on coming out without anything present -RRB- . Although it broke everytime , I kept on buying a new one because my dogs love this . But now , I give up . Really , this unit works fot the first 2-3 months , and that 's it .
 For the last 4 years I have had to purchase a new unit - they last for the 3 months of summer and then they burn out ! My dogs love them so I have purchased a new one each year at their request ... Why do n't they make a product that works ? Why is n't there any competition for this type of product ? VERY DISAPPOINTED
 We bought ours from Pet Smart . It is a really great idea and worked well for the first 3 weeks , then water began leaking through the battery compartment . Luckily , our dog did not get sick from the rusty overflow of water ! I will wait until the design has been improved to buy another one .
 This unit is great when it works , but it stops woking so easily and so soon . First , you need to have the right water pressure to have this device work properly -LRB- I had to install an water pressure regulator in between -RRB- , and when the weather gets hot in the summer , the valve often stops working -LRB- I had to drain the water each time -RRB- . And the most of all , the unit starts malfunctioning in less than 6 months on average . Beacuse my dogs love to drink out of faucet , I had been replacing the waterdog several times even though the unit did not last long . At this point , I am giving up on this not-so-reliable device .
 Not like the &#34; original &#34; sponge I purchased a couple of years ago . Does n't work well at all . I would not recommend .
 This product does not work at all . Do n't bother to buy . It has not even put a dent in the algae in my pond . Does not deserve even one star .
 Followed the instructions , but it did not work at all . No difference at all . I will purchase an actual bale of barley straw . I have seen the results with that and it works great .
 We purchased this item for our new guinea pig . I liked the idea that it was portable , foldable , and big enough to give him extra space . The problem is that the connecting slots that hold the playpen together broke almost immediately . The metal was way too soft so our playpen is now held together by a series of twist ties . This makes it difficult to fold and store so my children can no longer set up the playpen by themselves .
 I have a yellow lab and a white labradoodle . I used this product on both and it left yellow stain makrs on my white labradoodle but not on my lab . The product does smell nice and last for about a week or so but do n't get it if you have a white dog !
 There 's nothing like dosing your aquarium with bright blue liquid that reminds you of windshield wiper cleaner . Coral-vite claims to be a product that provides the trace elements to your tank that coral really need to display their best colors , grow , and maintain good health . It does , but it does n't do it better than other products and in the long run requires more work than alternatives that provide results just as good and in some cases better.Using a block of Formula 28 -LRB- not listed on Amazon but in nearly every aquarium store in the States -RRB- will provide all the base nutrients in Coral-vite and it dissolves as needed in the tank . Simply drop in a block of the white chalk like substance and watch it fizz like an alkaseltzer in the water , slowly disappearing over the next week depending on your tanks specific needs . This is a huge boon ; unlike Coral-vite which is a liquid dose , you ca n't overdo it with Formula 28 . Target feeding your coral with a littleLiquid Life Cyclop-eeze Whole Freeze-Driedand a phytoplankton dose -LRB- such as those made by Kent Marine -RRB- with some meaty bits of your coral
 There 's nothing like dosing your aquarium with bright blue liquid that reminds you of windshield wiper cleaner . Coral-vite claims to be a product that provides the trace elements to your tank that coral really need to display their best colors , grow , and maintain good health . It does , but it does n't do it better than other products and in the long run requires more work than alternatives that provide results just as good and in some cases better.Using a block of Formula 28 -LRB- not listed on Amazon but in nearly every aquarium store in the States -RRB- will provide all the base nutrients in Coral-vite and it dissolves as needed in the tank . Simply drop in a block of the white chalk like substance and watch it fizz like an alkaseltzer in the water , slowly disappearing over the next week depending on your tanks specific needs . This is a huge boon ; unlike Coral-vite which is a liquid dose , you ca n't overdo it with Formula 28 . Target feeding your coral with a littleLiquid Life Cyclop-eeze Whole Freeze-Driedand a phytoplankton dose -LRB- such as those made by Kent Marine -RRB- with some meaty bits of your coral
 Urrghhh !! There is nothing fresh about this scent . Why did my curiosity have to get the best of me ? I should have stuck with Baby Powder scent . I just hope their Baby Powder version is pleasant to the olfactory system since this one is an assault to it !
 Dose n't work we are not suppose to hear the whistle the dogs are.I would not advise this product for anyone it dose n't work . it works like a real whistle like a coach whistle not a dog whistle .
 Slient Dog Whistle - That it is but did not serve its purpose or the dog was deaf to start with .
 I discovered these Sqwuggie bumper things after Googling for `` indestructible '' dog toys -LRB- since our mix-of-a-mix-of-a-mix dog chews through pretty much anything -LRB- except for bones and a Kong Extreme -RRB- as if it was tissue paper.Not unexpectedly , within fifteen minutes , he had removed the ends of the Sqwuggie and had extracted most of the stuffing.I had fantasies of the firehose material itself lasting forever , kind of being like some untearable blanket that he 'd walk around with.Ha.When he started shredding the firehose material into several thousand small , wavy , orange strings -LRB- and which , after ingesting some of them , exited where one would expect such things to exit -RRB- over the course of the next several days , I resigned myself to having been duped , yet again , by the `` tough '' label . Sigh.You know , after paying for this item and the not-inexpensive shipping and handling , it probably would have been cheaper to have picked up an armload of squeaky toys from the local dollar store ; at least we could have rationed them out over a few weeks.And the quest continues ...
 The description of this toy listed it as `` durable '' ; I found this item by searching for `` indestructible '' toys . We received this item on Wednesday , January 9th & today is Saturday , January 12th ; we have a 7 month old female Labradoodle and she has already destroyed this toy ! The strap is gone & both ends of the main body are frayed & almost open . I would recommend you highly reconsider your advertisement for this item ; tennis balls last longer ! I have contacted the seller we will see if they really stand behind their products .
 My 40 lb dog had one apart in 10 minutes.If you 're in search of a long lasting toy for a `` chewer '' , do n't waste your time or money with one of these .
 My dog was not able to make it squeak , but he did manage to tear it apart at the seems in the first ten minutes . A waste of money .
 I purchased the Lees gravel filter to reduce the drudgery of aquarium maintenance on a 500 gallon freshwater tropical tank . With large tropical fish , I was finding that the tank gravel was getting VERY dirty and spongy with waste product . I ordered the under-gravel filters -LRB- 4 large ones -RRB- to help mitigate this problem.The filters were easy to put together , but I must say the construction was rather flimsy . Also the carbon charcoal chambers at the tops of the bubble tubes were so small , they needed cleaning a little too often . The flat bases sit on the bottom of the tank , the bubble tubes stick up through the gravel towards the top of the tank . You simply lay your aquarium gravel over the bases and plug your air lines into your compressor.THE GOOD-The fact that the gravel was elevated on a base made it SUPER EASY to use a manual siphon to vacuum the silt out of the gravel . The gravel It was also easy to re-level the gravel back onto the bases.THE BAD-This product appeared flimsy . The bayonet style attachments of the bubble tubes were prone to breaking during installation and maintenance . The `` cleaning action '' of the tubes and base was just so-so . Not bad , but not great.The final impression-The idea of moving the aquarium gavel onto raised bases such as this is actually excellent . It really has reduced my routine maintenance duration . However , I do n't think the electricity -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- it takes to power this unit is worth the cleaning power . I have since continued to use the bases , but NOT run the air compressor pump to run the bubble tubes . If there was a way to buy just the gravel bases , now THAT would likely be a 5 STAR purchase review at a MUCH lower cost and MUCH better value !!
 On the very first toss , my beagle chomped on this ball and separated the two halves . To be fair - the package says `` Not a chew toy '' , but does anybody have a dog that does n't bite on their toys ? The idea of this product is a good idea . The implementation is poor .
 We opened the package and it worked once then nothing . It sounded like a fun toy for my dog . I guess even balls can be a `` lemon '' like anything else . Good sugguestion for the product also would be to have the demensions stated somewhere . We got it and it was VERY small-about 3 to 31/2 inches diameter , could be a choking hazard to medium to large dogs , best fit for a Chihuahua sized dog.I would return it but it is too much hassle to ship it back for such a low priced item . I probably wo n't buy dog toys online again-with the price and shipping added I could have bought my dog lots of treats for Christmas ! Maybe retailer should rethink carrying this item they look like they have other good items though .
 This product lasted for about 2 hours of total play with our dog . The ball is very durable but the light and sound function was broken after only playing with it for a VERY short time . Not worth the price AT ALL !
 I 've bought lots of these balls at Petco and they worked fine for years but not this one !! It lit up a few times and maybe made one sound but within a few minutes the ball was completely dead ! I 'd love to get this toy for my new dog but I 'm afraid to order another one on Amazon for fear it wo n't work .
 I have a boxer who enjoys chasing balls that make noise . Within seconds he had punctured the thin , soft , bendable plastic coating which was breaking off into small choaking hazards . Very disappointed in the quality of this product .
 I have been buying these balls for year in stores and this time I ordered the same balls for my dogs on line . After playing with the balls for about five min . I picked up the ball and the seam was open I took it away from them -LRB- I had ordered four balls -RRB- and I gave them another one the same thing happened I will never ordered them again on line . I went to the store I have always gotten the balls from payed more money and the balls are great they are safe for my dog I GAVE onestar for these balls unsafe for my dogs Very disapointed
 I had a ball similer to this that I bought at another website that was great . This ball came apart within the first to second time my dog played with it . I bought two & neither lasted . I would never recommend buying this ball.I should have payed attention to other reviews .
 It lasted a whole 10 minutes till my dog had it in pieces . Might work better as a cat toy .
 This was a Christmas gift for a friend 's scotty . He was not too happy with this ball . I think because the sound is high pitched .
 i have a small pit bull , she had it broke in less that 2 hours , i was not happy over the quality and durability of this product . i have other ball toys that were far more durable . also it split open revealing potentialy choking parts . i do n't recommend this
 Not sure if it was broken prior to getting it but I bounced the ball as hard as I could on the floor and it still would not light up . If the ball was functional there is no way my dog would be able to slam the ball with enough force to make it work .
 My dog was totally underwhelmed by this toy because she could n't pick it up to play with it , so she simply starred at it .
 This was very cute but it only made noise and the lights only worked for 1 day.Don ' t waste your money on this . a simple ball would have been a better choice .
 The lights on this ball lasted maybe an hour and the sound about 5 minutes . It 's safe to say , this ball is meant for a chihuahua and not an 8 month old doberman . The picture of a Dalmatian on the packaging is completely misleading . The ball itself is still together and can be tossed , etc , but the circuitry inside is worthless . Even if the circuitry had lasted , there is no way to open it to put in a new battery at all . Do n't waste your money on this toy especially if your dog is bigger than a purse dog !
 Our first couple of Zap balls lasted months . We bought six not long ago , a few to give as gifts . Three in a row lasted only about 5 minutes before our dogs broke them in half . Our friends had the same experience . The dogs love them for 5 minutes -- literally 5 minutes . No longer a good buy . Too bad .
 My dog loves toys that blink wink and make noise . He loves to chase this type of object . However , the construction of this items last all of 5 seconds . My dog grabbed it one time and squeezed and the item fell apart . This item is definitely for a little dog with a small mouth any dog bigger it is a waste of money .
 Great idea , and would have been a great buy if it did n't break . If your dog is a heavy chewer , then I would definitely not reccomend this item . It broke the very first night the dog played with it . If your dog is not a chewer , and you are just looking for a ball to play fetch with , then I would guess this will work . Just do n't know because the boxer that I bought this for cracked it in half after a couple of chews .
 I bought 2 last month , thinking they would be of the same quality of one I purchased 5 years ago , -LRB- that still works ! -RRB- Unfortunately , the new ones are of inferior rubber/plastic , and the quality of the construction has also diminished.The first one lasted only three days , and the second one even less.First the electronic devices give up and rattle around inside , then the balls become oblong , and then the seam starts to fail.I really loved the concept , but I wo n't be buying these again.Ethical Laser Flashing Ball Dog Toy with Sound , 2-1/2 - Inch
 Received it today . Does not make a sound & may or maynot light up . Returning it asap . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I was really looking forward to receiving this ball . When I did it lit up twice and then died within 15 minutes . I was told I could n't receive a return label because it worked when I bought it ... really ? You suck .
 At first , when we tossed the ball it flashed and buzzed for 1-2 seconds , then turned off . If our dog was n't fast enough we ended up playing search in the dark . That 's how it worked for about 10 throws . Then , suddenly , we threw it again and it stayed on longer ... much longer . Permanently , in fact . After 10 full minutes of being stuck on the same single sound and flashing constantly , I found the tab that activates the toy and stuck it back in its slot -LRB- with some difficulty -RRB- and the ball turned off . Now if I remove the tab , which you must do to play with it , it turns on instantly and does n't stop ... ever.This is the second one of these we tried , the first did n't work at all . I assumed the batteries were dead , now I 'm not so sure .10 years ago I bought a flash ball similar to this . A little bigger , no noise , about the same price . Light would flash for about 10 seconds , which was plenty of time for a dog to retrieve it and even return it to you . Lasted me about 6 years before the battery died , and that was with constant use . Every dog owner I knew had one . You could find them at any pet store . Well , now they ca n't be found . Discontinued sometime in the last 3 years . Ca n't imagine why and it boggles the mind that technology has actually taken a backwards step in the last decade . I was hoping I had found a suitable replacement . Unfortunately , no . I 'll be returning this Chinese-made P.O.S. to the store .
 This must have been old because it made no noise and only flashes if you hit it against something really hard .
 At first , when we tossed the ball it flashed and buzzed for 1-2 seconds , then turned off . If our dog was n't fast enough we ended up playing search in the dark . That 's how it worked for about 10 throws . Then , suddenly , we threw it again and it stayed on longer ... much longer . Permanently , in fact . After 10 full minutes of being stuck on the same single sound and flashing constantly , I found the tab that activates the toy and stuck it back in its slot -LRB- with some difficulty -RRB- and the ball turned off . Now if I remove the tab , which you must do to play with it , it turns on instantly and does n't stop ... ever.This is the second one of these we tried , the first did n't work at all . I assumed the batteries were dead , now I 'm not so sure .10 years ago I bought a flash ball similar to this . A little bigger , no noise , about the same price . Light would flash for about 10 seconds , which was plenty of time for a dog to retrieve it and even return it to you . Lasted me about 6 years before the battery died , and that was with constant use . Every dog owner I knew had one . You could find them at any pet store . Well , now they ca n't be found . Discontinued sometime in the last 3 years . Ca n't imagine why and it boggles the mind that technology has actually taken a backwards step in the last decade . I was hoping I had found a suitable replacement . Unfortunately , no . I 'll be returning this Chinese-made P.O.S. to the store .
 At first , when we tossed the ball it flashed and buzzed for 1-2 seconds , then turned off . If our dog was n't fast enough we ended up playing search in the dark . That 's how it worked for about 10 throws . Then , suddenly , we threw it again and it stayed on longer ... much longer . Permanently , in fact . After 10 full minutes of being stuck on the same single sound and flashing constantly , I found the tab that activates the toy and stuck it back in its slot -LRB- with some difficulty -RRB- and the ball turned off . Now if I remove the tab , which you must do to play with it , it turns on instantly and does n't stop ... ever.This is the second one of these we tried , the first did n't work at all . I assumed the batteries were dead , now I 'm not so sure .10 years ago I bought a flash ball similar to this . A little bigger , no noise , about the same price . Light would flash for about 10 seconds , which was plenty long for a dog to retrieve it and even return it to you . Lasted me about 6 years before the battery died , and that was with constant use . Every dog owner I knew had one . You could find them at any pet store . Well , now they ca n't be found . Discontinued sometime in the last 3 years . Ca n't imagine why and it boggles the mind that technology has actually taken a backwards step in the last decade . I was hoping I had found a suitable replacement . Unfortunately , no . I 'll be returning this Chinese-made P.O.S. to the store .
 We bought two of these balls for our Golden Retrievers -- one of which is 14 years and 8 months old and the other , 8 . They were delighted -- and then , within 15 minutes the older female golden had put a rip in the side , and had made the tiny air hole larger , trying to get at whatever was inside . The 8 year old male had turned his round ball into a sort of egg shape , although he had not managed to put holes in it . We bought these instead of the Powzer Flash and Dash balls , because they were slightly less expensive and we thought that the addition of sound would intrigue the dogs . But less expensive is still exorbitant for 15 minutes of play . Would not recommend these balls at all .
 OK weight and easy to fetch for the dogs , but the lights dont stay on long enough and the thing falls to pieces within a week
 Although the concept is good , our dog -LRB- terrier -RRB- had the ball in half in about 10 minutes ; in the garbage it went .
 My dogs need really durable toys because they are very curious what is inside of the each new toy I buy for them . This one lasted no more than 15 minutes . If you need a good and durable dogy toy , this one is not for you .
 I got this for my sister 's terrier and within five minutes she had chewed the beak off . A choke hazard for sure . Please monitor your dog closely if you get this product .
 Sure , this toy is awesome , you will certainly think it 's really cool and fun looking , its squeak is hilarious , etc , etc. I gave it to my dog -LRB- a boxer -RRB- and it was love at first sight . In the course of two days , she first broke Henrietta 's beak , she removed the head , then the neck and finally , following her deconstructive labor , she got rid of the squeaker ... I just had to throw it away , I was scared that my dog would swallow the stuffing or the rubber when I was n't looking.I guess it 's a toy made for a smaller , dog . If you have a muscular , strong , hyper dog who likes to chew , I would n't recommend it at all . I would also try first the smaller version , I had the bigger one , and I 'm almost certain the smaller one is more tough .
 I received a Henrietta in the mail today for my dog , and I gave her to him right away . She made a really cool noise and he loved her . By the time I finished opening the mail - 15 minutes tops - he had removed the squeaker , bitten off her beak and separated the legs from the body . I 'm embarrassed for having bought her ... What a waste of money !
 I had seen Henrietta a couple of months ago and finally decided to get one for my dog . She came a couple a days ago and was just as cute as I thought she would be and made a funny sound . My dog loved her ! HOWEVER , Henrietta is made of VERY flimsy rubber and absolutely can not hold up to any dog . I have a little Boston Terrier and she had the head off and shredded in less than 5 minutes . Since my dog has loads of toys and very seldom literally takes one of them apart -- none of them in such a short period of time -- I really was shocked . A half hour later , I discovered a pile of rubber and stuffing that used to be Henrietta . She is not cheap and really was a waste !
 Not up to the expectations . My fishes are not liking this . Too costly for the quantity ... I will not recommend this .
 You should monitor your dog very carefully if you give him/her these chews . One of our dogs died as a result of eating these chews , and the other three were very ill for two days . This product is very difficult for dogs to digest and can result in blocked intestines and infection . Since the package did not contain any warnings , we thought they were harmless . Be very careful if you buy these for your dog .
 I got these treats the other day hoping that it would help ease the teeth cleaning process for my dogs . My Husky and Yorkie both seemed to like the treats because they devoured them in less than 5min . However , later that night my Husky threw up 3 times with chunks of the treat in her vomit . It is now 2 days later and they are still very gassy and it smells really bad . My Husky seems to be the only one really reacting to the treat . She is having diarrhea now , which is rare for her.I only gave them one of these treats and unfortunately I regret it . There goes $ 15 ! : -LRB-
 I purchased the Nylabone Nutri-Dent Edible Dental Chews for my 13-lb chihuahua mix this past weekend . Within a few hours of ingesting the treat , my dog began to have intense stomach issues and explosive diarrhea . It 's now Day 3 . Based on the reviews , it seems my dog falls into the 10-15 % or so of dogs who experience this , so it 's not by any means something that will happen to your dog if he or she eats these . But it just might .
 I recently have been purchacing the Nylabone product for my pooch `` Rainy'a 9 year old Peek ... his favorite treat for the past 8yrs have been the green dental chews , he begs for them and devours eachone . . the last two bags I recieved were not fresh , even the color was off , the entire pkg was hard and had no scent , usually when i open the bag the smell is evident ... not so with the last two purchaces . The other problem is Rainy has no intrest any long in his favorite treat ... therefore I will not be buying anymore , or is there any way to correct the situation . . sincerely Peter J. Colangelo
 I really liked the idea of this product and added it to my canister filter . Sadly , over the course of several months , it had no effect on my system . It * might * have slowed the rise of nitrates , but there is no way to know for sure .
 These are cute , unique toys , but I was surprised to see how small they are , very disappointed in the size .
 lot smaller than expected , cats dontwant to play with them . Wont buy these again . dont waste your time or money
 These cats toys are not so good . At least not for my girls.The only reason I am giving 2 stars , -LRB- instead of one -RRB- , is because Hailey -LRB- my Maine Coone -RRB- , pushed one around for the first 10 minutes.But these Atomic Balls could not even keep the attention of my very spirited Bengal.Both of my girls are almost 7 now , so maybe this is a toy for kittens ?
 My cats did n't go for these . They much prefer the spring toys that have a continuous motion once batted around
 The feeder is suspended from a hanging fitting in a flexible plastic top piece that attaches to the glass bottle through threads moulded into both the top and the bottle . The threads barely engage , and the holding strength is poor . When I filled the bottle and hung it on my patio , the glass bottle pulled out of the plastic top after about an hour . The bottle fell and broke , spreading hummingbird nectar all about .
 Costume is cute but feels VERY cheap . You get what you pay for . I do n't think I 'll ever use this costume on my dog . : - -LRB-
 these replacement batteries lasted only a few days with rare use . the original batteries that came with the produce lasted much longer and were a different brand
 i had smaller tanks with a small bioload . it gave my fish finrot . in the other tank i didnt have it in there as long and the finrot isnt as bad.didnt have issues before adding purigen.i tested my water and it was fine . it seems that whatever it did to my water , there wasnt a test for it.my once beautiful fish are now raggy ; -LSB- maybe just get this stuff if you have a big bioload and a messy tank.i just wanted a filter media that i wouldnt have to keep repurchasing.this is an expensive purchase for me since i 've bought the purigen and several extra bags for it .
 This stuff is awesome for your fish tank and provides some of the best filtration on the market , but it tastes horrible . When I put it on my cookies it had a very bad flavor similar to melted plastic . The bottle is excellent for snuggling up against and its got a big wide hole that 's nice too .
 I used the little stone version and it works fine . This version is just too fine and you need to get some special bag to hold them .
 My cat thinks this is the best toy he 's ever seen . However , apart from the problem with the cat easily knocking it over , the toy began to develop problems within the first month.First the motor began to act strange , and would n't fully twirl around , getting stuck at points -LRB- different batteries did n't fix it -RRB- . Also , our cat has learned how to break the string , requiring a never ending supply of new strings.Without these problems this would be a great toy . With them , I 'd be reluctant to recommend it to anyone one . Broken strings are common with cat toys , but the problem with the motor has made it unusable . I may have just been unlucky , but this was my experience with it , and I 'm not willing to spend more to find out .
 Even with the stablizing bar in place my Siamese overpowered the Panic Mouse within 10 minutes and sent it tumbling down a flight of stairs , bending the arm , impacting it 's functionality -LRB- now limited -RRB- . The thing sucks batteries four times as fast as the last moving toy I purchased . Medioce at best ; poor if you have an `` assertive '' feline when it comes to hunting .
 Although the toy is great and our cat likes it very much , it 's extremely fragile . After a few times the `` motor '' is not running properly any more . I 've ordered a second one since I thought the problem was caused by coincidence , but the second one gave the same problems after 3 times use . All in all too expensive for the quality offered !
 I have three cats , two of which love toys and one which could n't care less . Of course the two playful cats took to the Panic Mouse the moment I brought it out of the box and before I even could put the batteries in . Within moments the strings hanging from the ball were ripped off and little shreds of the ball were strewn across my living room . It took a good vacuum to get them all up , but the cats were still playing with it for another fifteen minutes . I put the toy up after it started acting up , getting stuck and suddenly stopping turning all together . My large male kept pulling it over and I was afraid the small female would even try and grab the entire toy and take it somewhere else.When I brought the toy back out the next day , neither cat was interested at all . I set it out and turned it on but neither paid it any attention . Since I purchased it , they only have played with it on the first day and have since not paid it any mind.Besides boring my cats after awhile , it has some design flaws . The toy itself is unstable and was easy for the cats to turn over and even pull away if they wanted . The actual ball for batting is flimsy and easily disintegrates across your room . The motor also has some issues , getting stuck frequently and occasionally stopping until a human adjusts it . Unless you were like me and found this for $ 4 at the Goodwill brand new , I would not suggest buying it , but for the price I paid , a few minutes of fun for my cats was worth it .
 My cats loved this toy , but it just does n't last long ... the motor burns out ... I have replaced it three times because they love it ... but , too expensive to keep buying the same inferior product . The motor is not good enough ; burns out fast . Would be a great toy if it was re-worked . Too bad . Another thing they could do , is make the base more secure so it does n't fall over .
 Cat loved it but , it only lasted a day . The gear on the metal shaft that holds the wand stripped . I ca n't believe they did n't design in a way to allow slippage when the cat is holding down the toy at the end of the wand so that the motor is n't fighting the cat . The plastic teeth just gave away and there is no way to contact manufacturer for replacement parts that I know of . You can buy replacement wands but not a new gearbox or geatbox with motor . Very sad .
 I got me kitty from an ex-roommate and with her came a lot of fancy toys and things , one of the being the panic mouse . Honestly , my cat does n't seem to like it . When I first moved it , she played with it , as my roommate would leave it running sometimes when she was out , as long as the dog was n't home . Then when I adopted the cat I was spending interactive playtimes with her -LRB- something she did n't really get as a small kitten -RRB- and now if I put the panic mouse on , she basically ignores it . She 'll play with it some , but for the most part she 's just not interested in it . I think she prefers the one-on-one time with me when I 'm playing with her , even though the panic mouse does the same intereactions . I think cats like to feel loved , and while the mouse does the same action , its not the same as getting some hands on love an attention . I 've also noticed that the fancy priced toys are often beat out by the simple piece of ribbon tied to a coat hanger , or an empty cardboard box . A lot of people like to feel good about getting thier pets `` the bast toys '' but when it comes down to it , the cat is most happy to simple spend time with you , even if you are just playing with a sock . -LRB- and for those who are wondering , I think the long piece of yellow plastic -LRB- thats kinda like a giant popcicle stick -RRB- is meant to help stabalize the base , at least thats how mine was set up when I got it . Its attached to the bottom with a couple little yellow-capped screws -RRB- .
 After two people were able to convince her to wear it the bauble on the back to hold it closed kept tipping her over -LRB- yes , I did buy the extra small for a leopard gecko ... even though geckos are supposed to use the small -RRB- . She was able to slip her legs out very easily and it was over all a waste of money . A ribbon around her waist would have worked better .
 Even though this is a very pretty feeder , my hummingbirds have totally ignored this feeder for some reason . They prefer my window feeders to this one . I 'm not happy with this feeder .
 This is a pretty glass hummer feeder . However , it is not easy to snap the base on and off , and the paint is already coming off after having been outside during a few rainstorms .
 I find this shampoo , when diluted properly , hard to suds up and hard to rinse out . I know it 's not rinsed out when my dogs white fur in still blue from the coloring agent .
 I use it at every water change and it works ok but seem to keep ph a little low , around 7.5 - .7.8 .
 People , READ THE INGREDIENTS BEFORE BUYING ANY BRAND OF DOG FOOD !!! Do n't feed dogs wheat gluten , corn gluten , corn , soybean hulls , by-products . Absolute garbage for a dog 's health . Buy a dog food with real meat or meat meal and few grains , NO CORN or CORN GLUTENS.It does n't matter how pretty the picture is , or how cute the commercial is , read the ingredients , the ONLY important thing when considering a dog food .
 I have tried this device on many dogs at our agility club.A very disappointing device as it does not perform according to the manufacturersw claims.Definately would not recommend it and its not worth the trouble.A waste of time and a waste of hard earned bucks .
 Does not work at all my dog picked it up in his mouth and ran around with it like it was a chew toy.would not stop barking had no effect at all.the product sends out a high pitch noise to disract the dog with no results .
 I would give this item zero stars if I could . Although in theory this is a great idea , in reality it is worse than useless . I say worse than useless because you will probably believe that it is actually doing something , when in truth it has no effect on ticks . I do n't know about fleas , they are not in season here yet . You will probably buy this because like me , you are concerned about chemicals , especially for a very young or very old dog . This makes the product 's alarmingly poor effectiveness even more disturbing . I ca n't tell you how many ticks I pulled off my dogs in the few days I was trying this out . I do n't even want to think about how many went unnoticed .
 I thought that this would be a good chemical free way to get rid of fleas , but after 4 weeks of using it , the fleas appear to be winning . I have n't even noticed a decrease in fleas . : -LRB-
 I had these before and they worked fine , This one fell apart within 1 week . Expensive for only 1 week use . Was outside and if I could have found the insides , could have glued it back together . Anyone interested in a black -LRB- expensive -RRB- plastic ball ?
 The pincers quickly become inoperable . I have to open it by hand and reset it so it can grab something else . It 's mechanism broke by the 1st week I had it , with only a few uses .
 I used to breed fish years ago with 75 + aquariums at one time . I never used a tool like this , just my hand to move plants around , my thumbnail on my pointer finger to clip loose limbs and whatnot . Always worked okay for me ! Nowadays trying to raise a good ` ol family and all , I downsized to one 50-gallon planted tank with a few fish , just something to keep my feet `` in the water '' with my hobby , and said oh what the heck , let 's try a fancy tool . For what I currently have set-up , this tool is just fine , but for a busy busy hobbyist , or a store owner , this would just not do . It 's very flimsy , and any aggressive larger fish easily would win in a match with this tool . The grabber is not very strong and is virtually pointless , but the trimmer is useful for sprucing up large stemmed plants . Nonetheless , going backwards , I probably would not have purchased this tool had I gotten a trial first . What I was doing before worked just fine . If you need a long trimmer for a very tall tank , get a better one than this .
 As a new fish keeper , I needed something to help me place plants in my aquarium . So I purchased this item . About the third time I used it , It broke ... The mechanics behind the design are so simple , it negatively affects the product . Thus resulting in a weak clamp and short lifetime .
 Good idea , but I tried it on fresh and salt setups and most of the shrimp stayed in the guts of the unit bouncing around in the bubbles .
 It 's a good idea but the product does n't stay atached to the tank wall , this happened twice contaminating my salt water tank with brine shrimp eggs and shells-very toxic to the water parameters . Re ; The merchant Seacorals , their service was fine , I received the item in a timely manner and they were sincerely concerned that I was disappointed with the product . I love feeding the fish in my tank live shrimp enriched with phytoplankton and I thought this product would help me cut a few corners but it really was more of a hassle than the help I was expecting .
 I followed the directions , filled it with salt water that I have already mixed , turned on the air pump , which is the smallest one I could find -LRB- up to 25 gallons -RRB- and thought
 We wanted a deodorizing pet cologne that lasted on our dog , especially since he 's a water dog . Our local groomer recommended this . I was glad to see in the product description that the scent lasted between baths . I was shocked when it truly only lasted about 1/2 a day on the dog . We can spray him in the morning , and by afternoon , that wonderful scent is gone . He 's back to smelling like a wet dog . The scent of this product , by the way , is great . We just wished it lasted as long as it claims !
 This cologne has too much scent It made me nauseous - the only good thing is it lasts for ages on your dog .
 i have an older cat and a kitten and they do n't like this toy at all . my older cat is picky but my kitten likes about anything so it this toy must be junk if he doesnt like it all . it 's made of plastic and very hard so you can only roll them and they have little plastic balls in them that make a very loud annoying sound whenever they roll . i would avoid this toy unless you already have experience with this toy .
 My cat loves to chase and swat toys around the house . Her curiosity with theses shimmer balls is limited to watching me try to entice her to play with them . Durable , pretty , pricey , and not for my cat .
 Either UPS brutalized this thing in transport and had to tape it back up or we were sent a previously opened item . Crate seems fine , but there are no instructions -LRB- leading me to believe it was previously opened -RRB- .
 This product is n't worth the price . Not only did the metal come bent all over . it does n't even include the pan . This item can not be used properly without the pan and it is not worth the money I will be returning this item as quickly as possible
 The crate itself is minimum quality for a crate to be useable . Smaller crates of similar or same style are quite a bit stronger and sturdier than this one . I 'm not expecting this thing to accommodate a bucking bull , but I would like to be confident that it can withstand a rather calm -LRB- even for a puppy -RRB- 7 month old great dane.When the item arrived , the box was all but demolished . `` Not a big deal . '' I thought as I payed for a crate ; not a box . Upon removing the contents , I found that more than half of the pieces were bend . Some of them were bend quite severely . I emailed customer service about this -LRB- more on that later -RRB- . As multiple other reviews have stated , the directions are very poorly written . Though , it is still probably doable by the average person . Just know that , if it looks confusing to you , it 's probably much simpler that the directions make it sound . As far as having help goes , it is indeed much easier with help . The upside is that , even a school aged kid can be the extra set of hands as it 's really just holding the sides upright while the top is put on . My small 5 year old did it just because she really wanted to help and there was no lifting or heaviness involved.As far as the merchant/customer service goes , I 'm not angry , but certainly unhappy with the service . For starters , they have a 5 day limit to contact them about missing , damaged , or defective items . This would be fine except that it says `` within 5 days of purchase receipt '' . Does this mean within 5 days of when my receipt says I payed for the item or within 5 days of receiving the item ? Even though I emailed them within 5 days of receiving the damaged item , a. -RRB- It was more than 5 days after I purchased the crate -LRB- and I payed extra for 2 day delivery -RRB- and b. -RRB- I have gotten no reply to my email which was sent before the start of customer service hours on a Thursday . Their policy goes on to say that after 30 days , you must contact the manufacturer about damaged or defective products . So , what should be done during that 25 day interim?Bullet points : - Item arrived late in the evening on the last day it could arrive before being officially late-Item was quite damaged upon arrival-Mediocre quality at best/will likely need to be replaced in under a year-Zero customer service even though they have a VERY limited time for you to take action about damaged merchandise-Poorly written directions-Poorly written `` Missing , Damaged , Defective or Incorrect Item Sent Return Policy '' - If you are truly desperate and need this item and have no other option whatsoever , MAYBE buy from here . You 'd really be better off looking elsewhere for a better merchant and a better product . Buyer Beware !
 We bought this crate -LSB- Midwest 1154U 54-By-35-By-45-Inch Single-Door Starter Series Pet Crate -RSB- for a new Great Dane puppy . We also bought the pan and divider.The directions where terrible and when we got the crate assembled everything went together except the top was too big from side to side by about an inch . I contacted the company and was told `` That was impossible '' , I assured them it was not . We assembled this crate so that the sharp edged hooks , located vertically in the center of the side panels , faced the outside of the crate so the puppy would not get hurt on them . The sides go up in two sections per side and are joined in the center with hooks and a long rod holding them together . I am trying to rectify this problem but it would seem that the woman in customer care is telling me that the sharp hooks face the inside of the crate . Look for one set up somewhere to make sure it is safe for your pup before you purchase it on line
 The good-The crate was fairly easy to assemble , sturdy enough for our large Great Dane , and the correct size , as described.The bad-One of the metal bars came broken . I considered sending it back but it would be a hassel and the bar that was broken was n't an `` important '' one .
 I have a 130lb female great dane . I figured a cage with a great dane pictured on the packaging would be suitable for a great dane , seems logical , right?I locked my dane in here and left the room . she escaped in moments . All that needs to be done to escape is to press with enough force to pop open the front . I went in myself and could easily escape by simply pressing the gate with enough force.The latches are not long enough to stand the force of a dane pushing the door . The next try she grabbed it with her teeth and pulled the front gate , this caused the entire front to come loose from the rest of the crate . Because the front came loose there were sharp edges that cut her nose.I would not buy this again , and DO NOT recommend . I have remedied my crate by attaching all pieces with zip ties , and need two padlocks to keep my dog in without injuring herself trying to escape .
 The directions are confusing -LRB- just follow the pictures and your own common sense -RRB- , it does n't feel 100 % sturdy , many pieces were bent on arrival because the box was in bad shape with many holes in it -LRB- which made it even harder to fit together -RRB- , and it 's so big you are going to need a second person to help you for sure.That being said , it contains my Great Dane just fine . Ample headroom , decent width for turning around , and good length for sleeping . It does its job . I feel like you get what you pay for at this price , since most other crates of this size go for well over $ 200 . Would have been nice if it folded down . Not looking forward to having to move it anytime soon .
 When it was time to move our Shepherd up to a larger crate we thought this would be ideal , it was not the brand we had bought in the past however the size attracted us . Our dog is strong willed and his sole ambition in life is to get out of any crate you put him in , his last crate lasted him 18 months before he rendered it unusable . This crate lasted less than 2 hours the main concern is once he demolished the tray he then pulled apart the bottom bars breaking the welds he had pulled up one of the bars and it was sticking up around 9 &#34; into the crate , fortunately he had not hurt himself on this , the next pet may not be so lucky . If you have a strong willed dog and value your pet stay away from this product . We have many pets and cages this is the first time we have purchased a Midwest product and will be the last there are many better brands of Chinese rubbish out there .
 My dog escaped this cage ... with a cone on his head . My last attempt to review this item was rejected for some reason , so I 'm just making this short .
 I must say that from the moment I opened the box , I was worried . This large crate seemed quite flimsy and many of the welds were not well-done . Several of the panels were bent at the corners which made fitting them together extremely difficult . I am usually quite talented at `` to be assembled '' projects , but this was a real challenge . I had to put the panels in a vice and try to straighten them out enough to fit . What should have taken 5 minutes took over an hour . There is no way that I will ever disassemble this crate for travel as I fear that I will not ever be able to get it together again . I definitely regret this purchase , but returning it would have been more of a problem than it was worth .
 takes up way too much space for the amount of water flow that it provides . I have two other power heads in the tank that take up much less space and provide more water flow .
 These are terrible collars . I bought a half dozens of these because I have 2 male cats that refuse to stay in during the day and come home without their collars constantly . So I thought buy cheap `` right '' WRONG , when Louie came home and his collar was tight I first thought it was my mistake , but a few days latter it was tight again . Then I thought some bad person was responsible , but when I took it off , the collar had shrunk so I put another new one on and about a week or so latter the same thing happened . I threw the lot of them out . I
 Takes a long time to put information into it . It only worked for about 6 months . The buttons fell off , and they get water inside . One stopped working altogether , and the other just displayed jibberish.Great idea , just poorly designed .
 Does not create a clean cut , not very sharp or stable . When you put your dog 's nail in the blade separates away from the rest of the mechanism and just grazes the tip of the dog 's nail without cutting . What i could cut ended up being jagged and tattered . My dog is about 22 Lbs - a terrier mix ... maybe it would work for a smaller dog but I do n't think it 's strong enough for a dog her size .
 We bought these clippers thinking it would save us money . We have a rat terrier with claws that grow SO fast so they require trimming every week . These clippers are dull and crush or tear the nails instead of cutting them cleanly . It was a total waste of money .
 It is inferior to the 10 year old version I have . Pivots in a strange way making it difficult to use -LRB- followed poor directions -RRB- AND the blade clearance is n't tight enough so it leaves the ` outer shell/skin ' of the nail present requiring a file or the use of my old original cutter . Argh .
 Does not cut nails cleanly . There is a gap between the blade and the backing plate that crushes the nail instead of cutting it . I tried every angle and orientation but it just does not cut the dogs nails . I am returning the product as it does not work at all .
 my dog is very old and suffers inconsistency . I bought a pooch pad about a year ago and it really neutralized the smell for about 30 washings . but finally it gave in and started to smell . I bought the above one . there is no neutralizing of the smell , but increasing it , especially when washed . I used it 5 days and after washing it 3 times every , the smell is getting stronger every day . these things are totally useless .
 I bought a Hamilton collar of this style for a large dog . 120 # . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to an abrupt halt at the end of the lead the steel ring on this collar can move up to the buckle and release the snap tabs . Voila ! Loose dog!Not something you would want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 The handle is very weak . So if you need to do any scrubbing , I would suggest getting something with a stronger pole .
 I had heard wonderful things about cocanut huts so I bought my lovie and parrotlete one each . The parrotlete will not even go near the crunch hut , and my lovie will only stand on top of it .
 This reactor is poorly designed and requires far too much work to clean . If the bottom sponge become clogged , you must remove all of the media to get to the bottom sponge . Why was n't this designed with the ability to remove both the top lid AND bottom lid ? If the top sponge becomes clogged it pushes the media up through the exit flow and into the tube . This brand seems to have a loyal group of followers who can find no fault with any of these products and I bought it based on the reviews . Total waste of money and I have found an alternative design that works much better for me .
 Second toy purchased by this manufacturer.Similar to the first - Sebastian the Shark , the squeaker matt did not last an hour before showing damage by my small dogs.Recommend you look elsewhere for toys given 0 for 2 on quality and durability .
 I pulled this out of the package ... attached it to my aquarium and went to put a piece of veggie in ... it broke into several pieces the first time even shooting a piece -LRB- or a spring -RRB- across the room , I still ca n't find it ... it 's not worth shipping back anyway . I surely would n't buy this again .
 I ca n't seem to find a price listed for this item . Is it FREE ??? You might sell some if you listed the price .
 It took about 2 days for my local tree rats to figure out how to defeat the mechanics of this feeder ; about the same time as it took the birds to get used to it .
 I purchased this feeder along with a plastic baffle , thinking it would be double proof . However , the very determined , tenacious , destructive squirrels found a way to dismount the baffle and the feeder . Both came crashing down and shattered . No more feeders for me .
 I needed to entertain my cat with a feeder that would n't be mangled by a local hooligan squirrel . This feeder , while sturdy overall , only lasted about 4 weeks because the hooligan figured out how to leap up , hang on and bend the hinges in a way that eventually broke them . Disappointing . If I did n't have this problem I would have been happy . It held 2 weeks worth of feed for the songbirds .
 The unit arrived broken , I called Heritage Farms customer support and got a voice recording saying to leave a message and they would get back to me . No call back so I did the same thing the next day with the same results . After 3 days I gave up . I will not buy from Heritage Farms again
 I have wasted so much bird seed with this bird feeder because every time it rained or the sprinkler wet it , water would leak inside , wet the bird seed and rot it . I threw it away after the season was over . I would not recommend this birdfeeder .
 It does a good job keeping out the squirrels but it also keeps out the birds . because of that I dont recomend it .
 I was just out looking at my Squirrel Proof Bird Feeder and there was a squirrel hanging off the side reaching in the tray and enjoying the birdseed . A little while later , I saw a RAT hanging off the side doing the same thing . Very dissatisfied and disappointed ! These Texas rodents are too smart !
 the feeder was broken on arrival . even so , i so , i do not believe it would deter any squirrels . chincy made in china !
 I chose this feeder , not for its looks , but in the hope that it would be squirrel proof . It 's not.I have hung this feeder from a pole and my squirrels have learned to either 1 -RRB- jam their face or fist under the trap while they balance on the pole or 2 -RRB- take flying leaps from the top of the pole and spread seed on the ground to hoover up later . It may work if it is hanging from a tree branch with nothing to launch off or balance on , but we do n't have low lying branches so ca n't try to see.I am going to try one with a built in squirrel baffle .
 I have two of these feeders . All I can say is that my squirrels must be smarter than the squirrels the manufacturer tested this feeder with -LRB- or should I say `` the squirrels with which the manufacturer tested this feeder '' -RRB- . My squirrels sit on one side -LRB- closing that side to the seed -RRB- and reach around to the other side and help themselves . The manufacturer might consider connecting the two side closing mechanisms with a gear so if one side closes , the other closes with it .
 It is made well but does n't have a long enough perch for birds as large as cardinals , therefore the only birds that frequent the feeder are sparrows .
 I had this feeder hanging from my back deck for 3 weeks , and the birds could n't figure out how to get to the seed . I do get lots of birds coming for seed every day at different feeders . Maybe mine was a lemon , but when the sparrows landed on it , they could no longer see the opening to the seed tray , and finally , fewer and fewer birds bothered with it . I wrote to Heritage Farms -LRB- well , Kay Home Products -RRB- and sent them photos of the birds being confused , but they had nothing to say except that I should return it . So I did .
 Feeder arrived from the supplier without the necessary parts to hold the hanger on . I emailed the company and told them that I was using a couple of safety pins to make it work . They emailed me back and said they were happy I could make it work ... . I was really looking for some parts to be sent to me . One side of the perch for the birds fell apart within four months - yes it could have been the raccoon hanging on it . And then every time it would rain the slightest little bit , the seed would get wet , turn into a sticky mess and no longer come out . I recently just threw it away ...
 The perches are much smaller than I thought they would be and the cardinals can not perch and feed on this feeder . Smaller birds - finches , nuthatches , chickadees and sparrows - have no problem.It 's not squirrel proof as they figured out on the second day how to hang from the bottom , avoiding the perch , and eat seed out of the trough . It 's not easy for them though and has slowed down the amount of seed I was going through . Also , the top of the feeder slides up easily and they can get inside it by just pushing the top up . My husband put a clamp on one side to fix that problem.I 'm disappointed that the cardinals ca n't get into this feeder and will keep my platform feeder up for them . So in the end , I guess I 'm not really using less of the expensive birdseed after all !
 Mine arrived with rivets popped out and the steel where the birds sit is thin and flimsy . I returned this product , and would not recommend it .
 I would never have purchased this via Amazon.Com had I know what I know now . The bars are sensitive so larger birds can not feed , feeder closed . The smaller birds seem to not like the small openings or it could be the lack of drainage . I have used it for nearly a year and the seed gets damp in heavy rain and SC high humidity . Once the seed has fermented though emptied and washed in clear water birds keep away and those who do land do not feed . I want to return the product but do not known or if . This product in my personal opinion is not fit for the purpose I had hoped it would be for , that is to feed birds without squirrels eating the food .
 I have had this feeder for about a year . The squirrels have figured out how to lift the top and climb inside then proceed to clean out the feeder completely . In addition , they have somehow managed to bend the metal `` perch '' feeder area so that even when they step on it , it does n't completely close and they have access to the food . Stop-A-Squirrel feeders are much better .
 Wind blew the feeder down - falling about 6 ft. and broke the plastic seed container . I called Heritage Farms and was told no replacement plastic surround was available . They said the feeders come from China fully assembled and they had no replacement plastic . The feeder is now worthless . I will not purchase anything else sold by Heritage Farms again . Breakable parts have to have replacements available.Heritage Farms Vista Squirrel Proof Bird Feeder
 It only took the squirrels 3 days to figure this one out . Now they can empty it in a day !
 I got this feeder so that larger birds such as cardinals could feed at my feeders . This is hanging alongside a tube feeder . The birds hop over to this feeder and first try to peck at the food they see through the plastic side . Then they must smell the food at their feet and try to peck at that . The bar that they stand on is so close to the food they have a hard time getting their heads under the little protective lid without slipping back . It does keep the food dry and it is amusing to watch our resident squirrel try to get at the food .
 Do n't be fooled , a hungry squirrel is much smarter than you Heritage Farms ! As I stand here looking out the window , we see a fat squirrel hanging from the top of the feeder upside down , working the feeder mechanism to get his grubby claws on the food , with much success and what appears to be little effort . Later , we see him actually inside the container ! Meanwhile two little birds stand idly by about 10 feet away awaiting thier turn at the trough.My wife has tried several of these sham feeder products to no avail . If anyone has found an actual squirrel proof feeder , that also allows birds to feed , please contact me .
 Unfortunately for me , New Jersey squirrels are just too smart for this this `` spuirrel proof '' feeder ! I 've seen that they either lunge out from the tree where it is hanging or hang down from the roof of the feeder to get the food . Either way , the money spent on this `` squirrel proof '' feeder was a waste of money as my bird seed bills continue to soar and the squirrels just keep getting fatter ! Save your money on this one and look for something else !
 I had high hopes for this feeder , based off others ' reviews . However , our resident squirrel must be too wiley for this feeder . It still manages to cling to the tree , lean on the bar and eat out of the ports without the door closing -LRB- will try placing it further out on a branch away from the tree -- -RRB- . I just noticed the spring adjustment when I went out to refill it . Will see if adjusting it solves the issue regarding the trap door closing sufficiently . May contact the company regarding this feature ; it is the whole reason I bought this feeder . Debating returning it . Otherwise , seems to be sturdy construction . Will update this review.UPDATE 10/31/2012 : This morning , a week after purchase -LRB- even with a baffle hanging above the feeder -RRB- , a squirrel managed to knock down and break the acrylic panel on the side of the feeder , spilling seed onto the ground . Back it goes .
 Very poor quality of construction and even worse packaging . This thing was shipped from China with no padding at all . It 's just in a box . The medal rod that the feeder hangs from , rubbed against the plastic seed container during shipping . This scratched the plastic . The plastic also had a small crack and one the bars that the birds land on had broken off on one side.I understand that my feeder may have just had a bumpy ride from China but the box did not have any damage . This feeder is of much lower quality than feeders I have purchased at Home Depot for less than $ 25 . It 's going back .
 Even with a baffle , the squirrels learn how to push up the lid , then go inside the feeder to eat . If you like entertainment value , it is really fun to see a squirrel sitting inside the feeder , happily eating away . It takes about 2 months for the squirrels to figure out the lid is not secured and they can easily lift it off and hop inside to eat .
 The galvanized plating on the pan was terrible . It startd to come off within 6 months . A really bad plating job .
 I really wanted to love this bag but I had to return it . It was perfect in every way except that it didnt have a sturdy frame and one side kept collapsing down from being folded in its box . No matter what I did it would not straighen out and since it didnt have a sturdy frame it would have squished the dog ! 5 stars for interior padding , and style though .
 I receive a different item color . My son send me to my country the package and I am not happy with the item . I am really dissapointed because I was wating for other product . Because I think I am a good buyer , please I appreaciate it if you can fix this problem . Thanks
 I was so excited to get this carrier and as soon as I opened it I knew it was well made . The size is perfect for my papillon puppy with lots of ventilation . My one problem with this carrier is that it does not hold it 's shape and the top constantly collapses on my puppy . I finally had to have my husband build a frame out of plastic to fit inside of the carrier so that I could continue using it . The plastic frame helps the carrier hold it 's shape . At first I thought it was because Amazon packaged it wrong and if I continued to use it it would eventually hold it 's shape but that was not the case at all and after a month of use it was worse than when I first received it . This could be a problem with many soft carriers but I would be careful on future purchases since a 10 '' high crate can actually turn into a 6 '' crate if the top sags .
 This did n't do much for my dog . After a couple of days I &#34; broke down &#34; and gave her 1/8 tsp of Tylan powder and she had solid stool the very next day .
 Pet Pectillin is vanilla flavored and my two cats with severe diarrhea absolutelyrefused to take it . It may be useful for people with dogs , but I do not advisebuying it for cats !
 After purchasing this item and using it once I thought ... this ca n't be right . The cats hated it . I could barely get one clump -LRB- does n't come out in drops , more like gel -RRB- into each ear without them freaking out and running . It has a horrible alcohol smell . Both cats have run and hide for half a day and shake their heads all night , but the next day they do seem happier . I have used it twice - only one drop in each ear , rub , let cats run and hide . Then I gave off one day and did it again the next day . I am going to try and use it for a week and if their ears do n't clear up take them into the vet . I was told by a vet they did n't have ear mites , just dirty ears ... but not sure if they picked it up in a month as their ears looked a bit dirty . They never really itched their ears , but they did have the black stuff in them . I am going to give it a go since the cats do seem happier the next day ... but it was a concern after the first time I gave the medicine to them .
 After treating the cat with this stuff , and having her run off and hide before we could get the excess out of her ears , we found the cat coming to us drooling like crazy . She was trying to get this stuff out of her ears and got it in her mouth ... We managed to get it on our hands and it is hot like icy hot rub ... . It certainly is cleaning the cats ears out , and she scratches far less , but it is really not a pleasant thing for her ... I guess this is what we get for taking in an orphaned cat ...
 First of all , if you have carpeted floors , just close this page . This thing does n't move on carpet.The sound that emits from this creepy device is shrill ; it scares my cat . Also , when the batteries start to die , it goes off when nothing is around it -- like it 's straight from a horror flick . I ended up throwing it away . My cat hated it , and I did n't care for it either .
 I have been pumping this freaking machine since 1:30 pm when it arrive . I have used both arms , both feet ... This is the worst filter I have ever owned . Nothing should be this difficult to use when it is brand new . I have followed every direction to the T and the water gets about half way up the intake tube when I pump , regardless of how long or hard I pump . This filter sucks and will be going back . Awful !!!!!! Stay away !!!!! Would rate it zero stars if the system would allow me to .
 Stay away from this filter ! I tried this a 1000 for just short of 30 days . After a several dead animals and a `` sorry , but we 've done all we can , good luck '' from Pen Plax Customer Service , I had to replace this with a different brand . Which by the way worked flawlessly , right out of the box , first time.This unit injects a hurricane of micro-bubbles into the tank every few minutes . You can set your watch by it . Pump it , tilt it , take it all apart and start over , reconnect the hoses , does n't matter . Pen Plax was kind enough to send me all kinds of replacement parts and instructions . Nothing worked.Best of all , after dead animals , a fish funeral conducted by my daugther , and having to replace the filter , Pen Plax stood proudly behind their product by washing their hands of the matter.The problem is that this unit sucks in air , probably as a result of poor quality control in molding , that the rubber seal can not compensate for.I did n't realize how poorly built this item is until buying another brand . Night and day ! Everything from the hosed to the suction cups , to the quality of the plastic parts . The intake and outtake tubes for the Cascade were always popping loose from the cups , dangling free , and overall looking sloppy . I would n't have been able to appreciate how well the new one fit together and stayed in place without having the Cascade first.Your mileage may vary , but do some research , as I did after the fact , and avoid this unit .
 I purchased this product , installed it an aquarium and it did not work . I followed the directions with the packaging and contacted the manufacturer . I only got a voice mail message saying that they would call back within 24-48 hours . I never received a return phone call . Amazon was good about accepting the return , but I had to pay for return shipping on filter accessories that I ordered with this unit . This problem is not with the Amazon retaler . It is a problem with Penn-Plax , the manufacturer . Buyer beware !
 My EHEIM went bad and I needed a filter quickly . After reading the reviews on this site decided to give this a try . I could not wait and went to PetCo which was $ 40.00 more than Amazon . Glad I paid the $ 40 more as I 'd hate to ship this crap back.All I can say is CHEAP and NOISY and difficult to prime . I 'm hoping PetCo takes this back . The plastic used is the kind that breaks easily . If PetCo does not take it back I 'll smash it at the return counter.Read the reviews here and give it a try for yourself . You will kick your self for buying this unless you are strapped for cash.CHEAP CHEAP ...
 it had issue with pumping lots need lots of manual intervention to start the flow . it died after few months .
 I used Boundary to ATTEMPT to keep my cats out of the garden . I am highly disappointed . I have 4 cats and it did not stop even one of them from entering the garden area ! I applied to the soil first as the can suggested -- didnt ' work , then I applied to an old towel , as the can suggested , did n't work -- even tried applying to a cardboard box -- nope -- I sprayed and resprayed -- NOTHING ! I spent almost $ 12 and it 's a faux !
 This stuff does n't work . I do n't know if it is because it evaporates very quickly -LRB- less than 24 hours -RRB- , or if it just plain does n't work . I tried using it to keep the cats out of the dining room , but they continue pooping on the carpet regardles of whether I use the spray .
 So I tried it for the couch , did not work . For the doors , did not work . Soaked a cloth with it and hung it over the couch - did not work . The moment I spray my cat walks up . Sniffs . And gets cozy . For me and my cat , this was a waste of money . Hope other people have more success .
 I tried to get this product to help teach my two cats to stay out of my bedroom . Not only did they GO INTO the bedroom , the actually seemed more interested due to the new smell . The company itself had extremely slow mailing service , so by the time I recieve the product , it was of almost no use in the training process . All in all , it was a very disappointing experience .
 We recently moved into a new house and our cats started urinating in the corner of our livingroom . We had the carpet cleaned then I did n't want them to start going there again soI used this - they did n't care and promptly went right over to the spot and starting doing it again.I also tried using it to keep them off the sofa - did n't work there either.I did n't want to give it even 1 star but there were any other choices
 The dogs manage to get these off very easily , so they did n't meet my expectations . Even tightening the muzzle did n't work for me .
 Here we go again ... Ordered a new size and too big again ! So much for returns as for when the dog took it off himself , he chewed the strap ! Not a purchase I would ever do again ! Not even for the right size , which they do not explain in MEASUREMENTS but in breeds of dogs ! Extremely upset with this product .
 This toy looks and feels durable ; however , I do not recommend it if your dog is a strong chewer . Our Lab chewed the end off of the bone in about 5 minutes . It would be a great toy for dogs with weaker jaws .
 I am one of the ones with an intense chewer in the family . The only toy he cant destroy is the planet dog ball . Our dog is a pitbull/dalmation mix and he SHREDDED this toy in 5 minutes of playtime . Not safe for chewers at all ! Beware !
 Based on a review that stated Planet Dog advised them to return a chewed up bone for a sturdier choice , I purchased this bone for a serious chewer . When my dog destroyed the bone in less than 20 minutes , I emailed Planet Dog and have not gotten a response . If your dog destroys toys , DO NOT BUY THIS BONE ! Total waste of money . I wish I had gotten the option to exchange instead of NO RESPONSE .
 My Pit Bull was able to bite off large pieces of the rubber bone within 10 minutes . This could be dangerous if swallowed . Planet dog advised me to return the bone for a 5 chomper one piece ball . It 's nice to be able to exchange for something else !
 My 1-year-old , 24 lb . Beagle LOVED this bone . She chewed on the medium sized one non-stop until I took it away after an hour , because she took a chunk out of it . The bone will be loved , but it will not last .
 My 1 year old female Black Lab had this bone in 40 pieces in about 60 seconds . If your dog is a chewer , do n't buy it .
 This product is definitely not good for labs who love to chew . We were optimistic that our 2 year old lab would get some quality chew time out of this toy . To my disappointment it lasted a whole 5 minutes before she had chewed the bone in half and chewed off small pieces of rubber . She was very proud of herself . Definitely not for dogs who love to chew . However when I contacted Planet Dog about the toy they provided some exceptional customer service and some better options for our dog . I would try other products from them based on their customer service and attentiveness to their customers .
 My 20 lb beagle mix LOVED this toy -LRB- so it gets 2 stars -RRB- but he destroyed it in about 30 minutes of playing with it . I 'm expecting it to split here soon and will have to take it from him before he eats chunks . Definitely not worth $ 10 .
 If you are familiar with beagles they rarely turn down anything . This bone ? She smelled it and walked away . Never looked at it again , and I left it with her toys for months . Sad , really , because she loves to chew too . Go figure . Dogs .
 We bought this bone because our dog is a voracious chewer - she destroys fluffy squeak toys in minutes and hard rubber chew toys in days . We thought this would be perfect ... which it would be if she liked to chew it . She does n't like it at all because -LRB- I 'm guessing -RRB- there is no squeaker and there is no `` give '' to the toy -LRB- meaning she ca n't chew it into pieces bit by bit and destroy it -RRB- . She does grab it every once in awhile , but never for more than a minute or two . So , while I had high hopes for her loving this as a chew toy , it just did n't happen .
 I bought one of these for my dogs at Christmas time . They loved it , it lasted 6 months of rough play before it started to split and break up . So I bought another one in July . It lasted 1 week . I thought I had found a good toy for my dogs , maybe it was just defective , I do n't know . I would like to have another like the last , my dogs were dissapointed , they really enjoyed playing with it .
 Bought this for my two six year month old puppies , they sniffed it once and never went near it again -- not even to bury it .
 My dog sniffed this bone and looked away and could not be enticed to pick it up .
 my two labs love to chew through toys , and I thought they 'd love this , but they barely touch it . They 'd much rather have a kong or a tennis ball or a rubber dog tire
 I purchased this product because it advertised that it contained zinc and it does . My dog is on zinc maintainance because he has copper storage disease . When I read the ingredients I found an ingredient that would be harmful to him . The packages were never opened and returned with no questions asked . The delivery was fast and the customer service was courteous . I only give it 2 stars because I never used the product .
 I followed the sizing chart and bought a size 10 for my 173 lb Saint Bernard -LRB- his muzzle measures 14.5 '' -RRB- . The basket fits over his muzzle , though just barely , but the strap that goes behind his head is about 6-8 '' too short !! I would not recommend this muzzle for a giant breed dog , especially those that have a big square shaped head like Saints or Newfies .
 I have two cats , one of which did n't get to be 23 lbs by refusing cat treats . After learning that my habit of treating them with tuna and tuna water straight from the can -LRB- one likes the fish , one likes the water -RRB- was likely causing bladder stones among other negative effects , I tried every single kind of cat treat available in an attempt to `` wean '' them onto something else.When I read about Kitty Kaviar I could n't order it fast enough . When I opened the can and my cats took a sniff , they could n't run away fast enough . I tried repeatedly to get them warmed up to Kitty Kaviar but neither would touch it . These are NOT finicky cats - the one that IS N'T obese was a stray and went hungry for quite a while ; we nicknamed her `` vacuum girl '' because she eats anything and everything . Except Kitty Kaviar , that is.Am I the only one who has had this issue ? The reviews on here are so overwhelmingly positive , that I do n't understand why I got the response that I did from my cats . They are now in love with Pounce Lickkittys - so much cheaper but apparently so much better . Unfortunately , because of Kitty Kaviar , I had to listen to my husband 's `` I told you so `` s AND deal with two very disappointed kitties who thought they were getting something special.Buyer beware - product does n't live up to the hype . I tried to rate it 0 stars , but apparently that 's not an option .
 I was really happy to find another cat treat that was natural and free of fillers/preservatives/chemicals . That said , none of my four cats will touch this stuff , even though two of them eat almost anything . Much better to give them treats like Three Dog Bakery `` We Pity the Kitties '' freeze-dried salmon , Feline Greenies , or just plain tuna .
 As I stated above , this is a great product for cats . My four cats , some old some young , love it . Especially my 5 years old male tabby.And , the store shipping the product is really fast . Thank you ... my cats George and Gracie thank you.Carol Sheats
 I recently ordered 2 different litter scoops from Amazon . This particular one impressed me with the long handle and the large scoop both of which I thought would make cleaning 6 little boxes daily much easier . Unfortunately , this model has a serrated edge on the scoop which breaks up the clumps in the litter that I 'm trying to remove . That is not the purpose of a good scoop . I do love the long handle , but the manufacturer could redesign the blade of the scoop to be more efficient .
 Bought this scoop because of all the great reviews . Was disappointed pretty much right of the bat . Yes , the scoop is big , and yes it 's sturdy , but the angle of the handle is so steep relative to the shovel , that when you have to apply any pressure , you have to make your wrist do the work , rather than your whole arm as it is with most other scoops . Also as some have mentioned , the gaps are pretty big , and after a few days of scooping , the litter had lots of little debris floating in it . This could be a great scoop if they lowered the angle a little and reduced the gap size . I 'm going to give this to someone else hoping they like it and will try the other metal scoop available here on Amazon ... Edit : Added a picture of my scoop , I received a brown one .
 I ordered these blue scoops form AceHardwareOutlet and they sent a mix of blue and black scoops . I subsequently notified them and returned the wrong , black , scoops and they said they would replace them with the proper blue pieces . Well , the replacent scoops were delivered and again they were a mix of blue and black !!! The lesson here is `` Do n't expect to get what you ordered '' . The order was fullfilled by AG Lock and Hardware of Brooklyn , New York through their warehouse in Albany . I have asked for more blue scoops to replace the wrong black ones but `` Alex '' in customer service said they do n't have anymore blue scoops and the item was removed from Amazon . As you can see the item is still listed . Do n't order this unless you have no concerns about getting what is advertized .
 The smell of this product is enough to prevent us from using it . Our cats are resistant enough to odorless products that 's I 'm sure they 'd be repelled by this .
 In contrast to what I read in another review here before purchasing the thermometer , I found that the high and low temp alerts are preset to -LRB- if I remember right -RRB- 76 and 82 or so . This is not workable for me -LRB- I 'm in Tucson and keep my house at 85 or so in the summer -RRB- so I returned it . Part of the description also talks about 4 alert features . I could n't for the life of me figure out what this means . That each of the two alerts turns both on and off ?
 This is a really great product ... if only it worked longer than a few months . Worked great for the first 3 months I had it , now it reads a constant 10 degrees higher than what the temperature really is . I 've tested the water with 3 other thermometers and they all ready 79.5 F while the TOM Aquarium Temp Alert reads 88.7 F. I would pass on this product
 This thermometer only displays the temp where the probe is , not room and water temp as their misleading claim . The temp alarms -LRB- 2 not 4 as claimed -RRB- are preset to alert you if the temp drops below 75 or above 82 degrees , they claim it has 4 alerts which is not true . 75 degrees is max for my tank so alerts are useless . So be sure you can use it before you buy it . I bought 4 different types of digital thermometers and put all 4 in one tank with the probes side by side and all 4 have a different reading . According to my floating thermometer this one reads 2 degrees hotter .
 This dog toy has packaging that warns that it is not to be chewed with . Good advice because the rubber merely crumbles apart even in my hands . No small choking hazzard and a lousy toy that the dog is n't even supposed to play with .
 My shepard mix had the ball section of the toy ripped apart in less than 5 minutes . It is advertised as durable but it is not . Do not buy if your dog chews at all . If possible I would give it 0 stars .
 I purchased this toy for my daughters dogs . They treated it like any chew toy . We did not get the results that were shown in the photo . Their little mouths do not fit around the ball portion of the ` tongue ' . If you are purchasing this for photos , do n't bother ! Huge disappointment !
 The rubber feels relatively durable and this is a great toy for photo opportunities . However , within less than 5 minutes , my boxer/hound started chipping away from the tip of the tongue . He is pretty hard on toys though . My other two dogs probably would have savored it for a few days before focus turned to destroying it .
 This is a VERY tempting buy , but do n't bother . Our 60 lb black lab had it in pieces within 3 minutes!We then closely read the packaging and it said it 's a `` fetchinG toy , not a chew toy . `` It 's a tongue !!! Are you serious ? Not a chew toy?Stick w Kongs . Very sturdy and durable.Oh , and avoid the mustaches too from this company . They 're thinner and likely the same poor quality rubber .
 Although this is a very very sturdy product , and it is as shown , it is very heavy . BUT ... this biggest problem is the taste of it . My dogs would not put it in their mouth , they would run away every time I got the toy out . So I started smelling it and it has a plastic/rubber smell to it , and taste , yes , I tried it . If my dogs can put it in their mouth then I want to know what is in it . I have kept them because they are just too cute , maybe someday I can get a picture , but that is about all I will be able to do with them . I am sorry because I really wanted them and thought that my dogs would have fun.Humunga Tongue Large for MEDIUM / LARGE / XLARGE DOGS
 I purchased these balls for a hunting platform of my newly purchased Cat Power Tower . Although my kittens loved pushing them out of the openings and then chasing them around the bedroom , the balls lasted only a few days before they warped and needed to be thrown out . There is a piece of round plastic that is inside to make a noise but it did not hold the attention of the cats for long . More importantly , it could pose a choking hazard to your felines or to other pets or young children that may be present .
 I ordered Cockatiel food -LRB- Medium Birds -RRB- . The package came and on it it states that it is for cockatiels but the pellets are for medium/large birds . The pellets are to big . The package is missleading . I an trying to figure out how to contact the seller to get a refund .
 I had bought this product before from other vendors -LRB- three bags on amazon.com from Pet Zone USA in June and one bag in a local pet store in May -RRB- , and I knew that my mother 's dog adores this treat . So I was puzzled when I visited her last week and she complained that this recent -LRB- August -RRB- shipment of 2 packages was `` bad -- yellow and hard -- not like the other packages '' -LRB- of the same brand treats -RRB- we had bought before . Today I wrote the vendor , PetFoodDirect , and asked them to look into this . Perhaps there is a quality control problem at Whole Life , or maybe storage issues . After receiving the `` bad bags , '' my mother bought 2 bags of the same treats at her local pet store and they were fine . The pet store lady told her that sometimes there are bad pieces due to being undercooked or not dehydrated properly -- sounds like she 'd encountered this issue before -LRB- which makes me think it is a quality control issue -RRB- . Unfortunately my mom mixed the contents of the bad bags with her good bags , so I ca n't return them ... but I 'm eager to hear what the response is from Whole Life and PetFoodDirect , and I will post again after I 've heard from them.My mother 's dog does love these treats , and I can see why
 My dog absolutely loves this bed . Unfortunately , after about a month , the foam sides became unglued from the bottom of the bed . I have contacted the company several times to find out what I could use to glue it all back together again , but they do not respond . I 'm very disappointed in this product , and even more disappointed in dogbed king 's customer service practices .
 The lining on this bed tore the day after I got it . After the first wash the exterior looked used and old and then the foam eventually came unglued . I wrote to Dog Bed King twice about how upset I was and they never even responded . I will never buy from them again and suggest you do the same .
 When we first received the bed we loved it and so did our dog . But if you plan to wash the lambswool cover it will no longer fit the padding , and the whole thing is pretty much useless . Wasted my money .
 These dog beds were/are way overpriced for the quality . The foam is most similar to egg crate foam , incredibly cheap and easily ripped up . The egg crate foam is covered with a thin , removable fabric , it is not covered all the way around . Big waste of money , I was hoping for durable beds and got foam with a sheet over it .
 I bought this bed for my 70 pound hound/pit mix . My dog managed to completely destroy the cover to it . When I tried to buy a new cover , I noticed that the dimensions of the covers were different than the dimensions of the bed that I originally purchased . I tried to call customer service to ask about this . There is no answer on the customer service line , only a recording asking the customer to leave a message . I did this twice over the course of a week , but never received a call back . Thinking they might be having a phone or voice mail problem , I then send an e-mail . Again , I have gotten no response . As far as I 'm concerned if you ca n't get customer service from a company I do n't want to do business with them !
 This dog bed should only be used in a cold place . I have short haired Labrador Retriever that is 3 months old and he could not stay in the dog bed for a long period of time . I usually have my house at 65f to 70f degrees and my Lab would overheat in the dog bed . I would not recommend using this dog bed indoors . Unfortunately , this dog bed will be put to use in the garage .
 I bought this bed and then i took the cover off to wash it and now the bed looks horrible !! the cover wont go back on the bed right !! the cover wont fit back on the bed and its sides arent standing up properly
 My cats hated this and I did n't notice any changes in allergies . I think it 's the same as spraying them with water .
 I bought this item to keep my new kitten from chewing on my things . He hated the smell when I held some up to him on a paper towel , but it really did n't deter him from chewing . I wo n't be buying this item again .
 Can not smell bitter apple . Pretty sure it is not working as cat still cratching on sofa . Does not seem like a smart purchase item .
 My cat keeps eating one of my medium sized plants , and I was looking for something to spray on the plant so she would stop.I thought I was buying a spray after seeing the `` Most favorable review '' for this product talking about `` my new kitten chewing everything including wires . . sprayed some on and she stopped ... '' also the title of this product is `` Bitter Apple Cat Chew Deterrent - 4 oz '' and lists for 4.29 , and appears to be completely different from `` Grannick Bitter Apple Spray with Dabber Top for Cats 4oz '' that lists for 4.20 . So , naturally one would think that one is a spray and the other is a dabber.Not the CaseThey are both dabbers!You are specifically being deceived with the picture of the product . The `` Bitter Apple Cat Chew Deterrent - 4 oz '' bottle is turned so that you ca n't read the label on the top that says that it is a dabber . The `` Grannick Bitter Apple Spray with Dabber Top for Cats 4oz '' IS THE SAME BOTTLE TURNED THE RIGHT WAY SO YOU CAN READ THE LABEL !!! Also , -LRB- and this one is my fault -RRB- the shipping costs more than the item . Boo . This is the perfect example of why you should not buy things online .
 I purchased this for my 9 month old husky . She broke her collar , chewed threw two harnesses , and wiggels out of her third . So I got this for when she is outside . She broke the ring that connects to the chain . We only used it once ! The only piece I could find was the broken ring . I searched and serached to find the choker to see if I could fix it , but ti was missing . Dont waste your money .
 We actually purchased this toy for $ 35 at our local pet store . Reading the description of the toy 's toughness -- we expected this to last for a long time . Well our 12 pound toy spaniel chewed a hole in this within two days and began ripping the stuffing out -LRB- I was only able to see two layers of material -- the purple fabric and a thin plastic layer -RRB- . By contrast ... we had a $ 5 stuffed toy that he chewed on daily that lasted 8 months before we needed to replace it . So we contacted our pet store . The pet store referred us to VIP Products to make things right . VIP did n't return our initial phone call . When we finally reached them ... they were unwilling to do anything for us stating that the product `` had to be returned within 7 days of purchase '' ... . we held the product for weeks prior to giving it to our dog on his birthday . The customer service rep also said the toy was `` not intended to be chewed unattended and was a fetch toy . '' She also wanted to know whether we played `` tug '' with the toy -LRB- we did n't -RRB- . Well ... long story short ... save your money . Purple Pete is falsely advertised as tough and durable . Pete is overpriced and overhyped . VIP Products ... poor customer service , rigid policies .
 My German Shepherd tore this thing open in mere minutes . I bought it because it was advertised as tough , yet this is the weakest toy I 've ever had for him . That 's disappointing .
 bought xtra large for my female german shepherd dog , but was way too small , item description said suitable for german shepherd . . dissapointed , would be lovely on smaller type dog ...
 I bought this item having used the seller 's suggested measurements of my Labrador Retriever . I bought the X-Large size as recommended . The costume is adorable but NO WAY would it fit my dog . The product lists Labs as an appropriate dog for this costume and size , but BEWARE ! That is misleading ! So I wasted my time and money . I 'm not going to spend the shipping dollars to send it back . Once I 've paid for it to be shipped to me and then shipped back , I 'd have paid more in shipping than the price of the costume . A refund would be useless . I 'll just sell it in a yard sale ...
 After reading the reviews for this costume and seeing that everyone was having problems with it being too small , I ordered a size larger than recommend for my dog . He is a 50 lb Australian Cattle Dog and I ordered the XL -LRB- which is recommended for german shepards and rotties -RRB- and it is WAY too small . Although I could fasten the velcro , he could not walk in it ! I think another customer said it right , the leg holes are just not cut out for dogs . If you hold the costume in a vertical position , it looks like it would fit a small child perfectly . It 's just not made for dogs ! Too bad because it 's really cute -LRB- why I even cosidered the 2 stars -RRB- and now too late for me to order anything else !
 I bought this in X-Large for my 65 lb pit bull . It was WAY too small , and the shape of it just does n't fit a dog 's body . The holes are not placed correctly . Not sure where they got the pattern for this . The material is very flimsy , so it ripped easily and was not worth saving after trying to make the best of it . Huge waste of money .
 WAS EXCITED TO GET PACKAGE IN MAIL , ORDERED 2 WEEKS BEFORE HALLOWEEN . THEN I GET AN EMAIL SAYING PACKAGE WAS DESTROYED AND CONTENTS WERE NOT WEARABLE AND HAD BEEN RETURNED TO SENDER . TOALLY BUMMED AND THE COMPANY DIDNT EVEN OFFER A CREDIT FOR USE NEXT TIME , JUST GAVE ME BACK MY MONEY . I WOULD NEVER BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN .
 As soon as the ingredients were mostly GRAINS I read no more . The first 1-4 should be PROTEIN , not grains . Granted , the first item is ` organic ' chicken but after that it is downhill ! It 's not easy relying on a profit making company to make food for our pets . I make homemade for my 7 # dog , but not easy for an 80 # dog , who is boarded frequently . Kennels are not equipped with a fridge . DRY is last on the ` to feed ' list . RAW is best , but expensive . Saw Dr. Karen Becker on YouTube speak about how to read INGREDIENTS . Read -LSB- ... -RSB- reviews , trying to be sure I am doing the right thing , like all of us . The major food companies are ruthless and deceptive . Our pets are dying prematurely due to vaccines and diet . Research best you can , make food yourself . A dog CAN eat RAW organic chicken backs/wings . COOKED causes bone to splinter . Newman 's Organics is full of GRAINS and too carb heavy . Weruva appears to be the best CANNED food , as it is ` human grade . ' So far , Blue Buffalo Wilderness Grain Free Healthy Holistic Chicken Dry food is the forerunner .
 fish are living animals - not toys or playthings for humansget a LARGE tank if you MUST keep fishthen treat them well
 I bought the medium for my 14 lb dacshund . The package arrived pretty quickly , however as soon as I took it out of the package , I saw just how cheaply made it was . The mustard piece is not actually attached to a strip of fabric the way it is shown in the picture . Instead , it is loosely sewn to the Velcro strips and one end of the mustard strip had already come off so it was flopping around . The Velcro strips are very narrow and will not hold up if there is any slight pull on them . A waste of $ 8 . Side comment - the package lists a bunch of dog breeds that this is meant for and does n't even state the obvious one which would be a dacshund !
 This is very poorly made , and runs very small . I have two mini doxies and the mediums were too small for them . They are very cute however .
 I bought this for my puppy and found when I opened the box that it was broken . The velcro was only attached to one side and the thread was still on the other side , like it had come apart before anyone in my house had even touched it . I am far from a seamstress and had no needle and thread so I had to go out and buy it to fix the costume before he even wore it.It was cute once I got it fixed ... but I just wondered if it was worth the trouble . I could have got one at Target that was n't broken for less -LRB- I found out later . -RRB-
 ended up receiving a `` TUNA '' - flavored type of this product ... and the ONLY reason I added it to my cart was BECAUSE this ` flavor ' is not available locally . there was not even a note to explain that `` Minnow '' was unavailable and they did a substitution !!
 You may as well put your betta in a glass of water . The argument is that bettas are naturally found in rice paddies in Thailand ... go ahead and google images of a rice paddy . Bettas can live in small areas due to a special lung that lets them breathe air directly ... humans can live in cars , but should they ? And the tiny stick of bamboo is a joke , adding insult to injury . They have nothing to retreat or hide behind at all in this kit . Bettas were not put on this earth to make your office pretty . If you want a betta , get them a proper tank .
 Our 1 year old shiba broke a large molar on these , which subsequently had to be extracted . The dental vet specialist who performed the extraction warned us in strong terms away from any processed bone/antler product - if they do n't splinter -LRB- which these do n't -RRB- they are still too hard . We had thought it would be perfect , because Sephy had found a couple of deer antlers himself in the hills near our house , and they were quite soft . The natural supply quickly ran out , though , so we thought these would be the next best thing . Boy were we wrong .
 Collar was far less than 20 usable inches -- measured less than 20 '' from buckle to tip . Construction appeared durable , but was too short for my dogs .
 These balls looked and sounded great in the ad , but they turned out to smell like burnt rubber instead of catnip , and both my cats avoid them .
 Our cat usually likes these things when we toss them to her she just looks at them and walks away .
 I have two cats . The two year old male is terrified of these balls and will run if anyone rolls in one in his direction . The 9 month old female ignores them . My children use them for tossing into containers for ball toss games otherwise I would have given it one star instead of two .
 Warning to dog owners ! This product has caused many dogs , including mine , diarrhea , vomiting , and seizures . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ My history with this product : My dog was very ill for 3 days
 This treat has given my 120 pound doberman seizures and diarrhea badly . He is shaking all over and can barely walk as his hind legs are not wanting to stand . The muscles keep contracting . He finally vomited a lot of the bone.I fed him one small busy bone . How can a company allow this to be sold ????????????? The chemicals and colors in this treat are off the chart . PLEASE DO NOT FEED THIS TO YOUR DOG . I HAVE REPORTED IT TO PURINA AND THE FDA
 The collar was super sturdy but that was it 's downfall . The collar would not flex at all so it made our dog 's throat irritated . He began to develop a cough-like hack . Our dog is 70 lbs so he is a big dog but the collar was not appropriate . When we switched to a single thickness collar his cough disapated .
 This is not a sturdy crate.I have has others in the same price range that were much more sturdy.This crate bent in several places with my dog pushing the door & I plan to return it .
 First time my dog was in it , she pulled the wire mesh from the sides and the door and almost escaped . The cage is ruined and completely unusable ! Also , my dog is only a Sheltie , not what I would consider a strong dog . It 's a waste of money . Do n't buy it .
 broken - very poor packing plastic bottom was cracked and chipped - returned the item . Had it been packed well would have been nice
 While the product overall seemed to be high quality , I was very disappointed to learn that my 35 lb border collie bent the ` extra sturdy ' wire the first day we had it , making it unable to be used any longer . I would recommend this extra large kennel for a small breed who wants lots of room , but not for any dog who shows much strength .
 We bought this for our outdoor cat for use in the Winter . The water became too hot and our cat would not drink from it . Would have been nice to have a heat control and/or even make a smaller version for smaller animals.Would not buy this for cats or small animals .
 We thought this looked like a really nice , great cage for our hamster , so we bought it . Unfortunately , the hamster could easily escape . She would just climb into the top portion , and push her head against the top , and the lid would pop right off . She would do this constantly ; it was not a fluke.We found that we could use twine to tie the lid down so she could n't escape , but really , this should n't be necessary for the product . It should be strong enough to withstand a tiny rodent pushing against the lid .
 With a name like Hartz , I just knew it was going to be great...-WRONG !!!! None of the tubes hold together . Whatever you do , do n't nudge , or even move slightly because something will come apart . I would never recommend . I have ended up taping the tubes together . Can you imagine the trouble one has to go thru to clean it . Everything has to be un-taped and then re-taped . Do n't buy .
 There 's not much that can live a long healthy life in something this small . Mine was not shipped with anything but the box but its is pretty thick glass , and it came in a bigger box with something else . Betta 's and Ghost shrimp from your local pet store are about the only thing that will live a long healthy life in something this small . Betta 's do best in the upper 70s water temperature , and both can jump so you need to improvise a lid for it , i used a large cookie dough lid for mine . ghost shrimp can handle temps from about 40 degrees to about 78 degrees . That 's about as much as there is that can live a long time in one of these . Btw , spherical bowls are not as easy to see into , that 's what i do n't like about mine.update , i put malaysian trumpet snails in mine , you may have to buy online because most places dont have them , theyre invasive to fish tanks so the place i got em from gave me to me cause they were trying to get rid of em . and its best to put them on their own because most fish will not eat even the babies and they will multiply if food is available . they can handle 50-90 degrees , you can virtually have as many as you want , theyre not very active but theyre easy and wont have trouble with the small size . but yeah snails are not the most fun thing to put in but trumpet snails are pretty tough to kill as long as you use dechorinated water and eat algae so all you have to do is put the bowl under a good light or put algae wafers in and your good to go . but these guys are still pretty dirty if you have a lot of them so i will be making a small sponge filter with the siphon and pump of a tetra 3i whisper filter and a sponge from either petsmart or amazon , it 'll be more of a gravel vac because it takes up a lot of room if you leave it in all the time , but it works to pick up the debris , bare bottom tank will also be easiest to clean , it 'll look dirtier sooner too but yeah . btw update on on my advice with the shrimps , its so hard to make an effective water change for shrimp because theyre sensitive to water changes and you have so little water to work with , water change killed the 2 ghost shrimp that i tried to put in here . hope i helped :-RRB- have a good day folks
 Do n't buy this product , it killed two of my turtles . It 's temperature reached 120 degree . I bought other one from Petsmart , it also had same problem . Beware !!!
 When this product works it is great . However the first one I bought did not work even though I followed the directions exactly . Back to hte store I went and bought anohter one . The second one I bought worked well but only lasted three days . I will be looking or a third heater made by another compnay .
 I have purchased 4 of these heaters in 2 years . They do not last , they just simply quit working about every 6 months . I used it in my red ear slider 30 gallon tank . Before it breaks , it works okay keeping an average temp of 72 degrees , but not the ideal 78 . After a lot of research I just replaced with a Aqueon 06016 Pro Heater 100 wattand absolutely love it ! It keeps a constant 78 degrees and is far superior quality for just a couple of dollars more .
 I had one of these for a year or so , but it stopped working and my poor turtle was freezing . I got another one as a replacement , as I could not find any alternatives , but the replacement seems to be working better than the first one did.The suction cups on the bottom are kind of annoying , as there always seems to be one that works and one that does n't . But then the one that works might as well be glued to the tank when it comes time for cleaning . It is very difficult to move.Edit
 This is the second Tetrafauna heater Ive burned through . First lasted maybe a year , this one 5 months . Its difficult to keep animals healthy when they dont have a dependable source of heat . Truthfully , Im really tired of cheap overseas imported junk , Im willing to spend more on higher quality goods , wish there was a market for them ...
 This heater was not sufficient to warm 20 gallons of water in my turtle tank . I would often check the water and it would be cold to the touch . Also , you are n't able to adjust the temperature which is not ideal when you are nursing a sick turtle and need the water to be around 82 degrees versus 78 degress . I would recommend the Aqueon 06107 Pro Heaters Submersible Aquarium Heater , Various wattage . These heaters are protected so your turtle ca n't break them . They are nearly indestructible . I bought this at a local pet shop after the tetra heater did n't work and it works great !!! Do n't but this !
 i have red ear slider turtles . my 20gal tank water still feel cold and it not near a window . my tank is right under my apartment heater vent . i thought it would be a lil warmer but it feels the same to me . and the turtle waste floats right in the lil heater top grill and i constanly have to take out and clean more then the tank itself . i dont like it .
 this heater looks good but it does not work ! I will be returning it . aI wentout and bout a fish tank heater -- much better . do n't get fooled by the label of `` turtle heater ''
 I had the heater for about a year . It was in a tank with four 5-inch-long red ear sliders . It stayed on the bottom of the tank and never moved . Unfortunately it stopped working and Tetra has honored my request for a replacement .
 I have a 20 gallon tank . And this piece of s *** product never heated the water up period . It resulted in my turtle dying . Please do n't waste your money . The glass heaters are for times better .
 We 've actually lost count of how many of the Tetra Aquatic Reptile Heaters we 've purchased over the past 3 or 4 years -- maybe 6 ? As other reviewers have reported , this product stops working after so many months of use . This is important to note
 I bought this item about 6 months ago . It did keep the water warm , but it never got to as warm as the box stated . The heater is now working randomly , and keeps the water at about 70-degrees , which is way below the required temperature . This item will kinda work for a very short time . As the saying goes , `` You get what you pay for . ''
 I bought this for my turtle tank , hoping it could help keep them warm . The heater would n't even stay together ! It kept coming apart and when I tried to put it back together , it would n't go back ! Huge waste of money .
 Piece of crap , worked for a day then went south . I bought it for my hatchling turtles and it never heated the water to what it claimed it did , I WILL NEVER buy another of their products , this was simply garbage , NICE BOX THOUGH , i think they spent more on the box than on making this crap , you are better off putting a candle near the water than trying this JUNK . Save your money and get something else .
 looks good when I opened it but broke within a day , was scary as it had pices in the tank
 This is a very dangerous product never mind the fact that it is made in China and they are trying to kill us ! After only five hours of it being plugged in , My kids came out of their room screaming `` FIRE ! '' The heater had burst into flame and the glass element inside the plastic had broken and there was ash all in the water . I just thank God that no one was hurt , we were home , and the turtle were alright . I bout this at Petco but posting on here to inform more than just the store employees . I have also wrote to the company and posted it on FB . Word needs to go out that this is NOT a safe product to buy !
 Gave up and quit working after two months . Generic glass heaters last longer , do n't bother with Tetra . Temperature is also unadjustable .
 Purchased the 100 watt heater for my turtle tank . We used the heater successfully for 8 months and then it just quit . I contacted the manufacturer who instructed me to return the heater as it was within the 2 year replacement period . It has been 3 weeks since I returned the heater and as of today they state it has never been received . If they replace the heater , then great , but otherwise , it was too much to pay for an 8 month heater .
 This worked wonders for a week then stopped working completely . Not worth the money and time to wait for the item for it not to work .
 I 've tried two of these since that 's all that was available from local pet stores -LRB- who sell it for $ 35 no less ! -RRB- . Did n't really heat my 5-10 gallons of water in my turtle tank . I bought a second after the first one burned out thinking that I just had a lemon . Twice burned -LRB- and perusing these reviews -RRB- , I think the product is simply defective . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this and tried to warm my tank with it . I have a turtle . I saw that it was n't heating the water at all . So I contacted the company and they sent me a new one . This one also did n't work .
 I made a horrible mistake disregarding the reviews that said that this product does n't work because there were many that said that it did . I do n't even think this product is designed to work long enough to heat the water even 1 degree let alone anything close to 78 . I followed instructions and when it did n't work I remembered the review that said have heater near running water so I moved it directly under water flow of filter and nothing . So useless I just threw it in garbage . I only have 20 gallons for it to heat up so for it not to work even a little bit is just crazy to me as it is too bulky to go in a 10 gallon tank so it 's use is lost on me . VERY VERY disappointed . I do n't write reviews but I just had to hoping someone wo n't make my mistake . I replaced with aqueon 150 watt and could n't be happier . SO much better made I should have just spent the extra $ 10 to begin with but I figured this was for reptiles ... USELESS USELESS USELESS ! Please do n't waste your time or money .
 I purchased this item on the 21st of October , 2011 and returned it on the 23rd . I have a 40 gallon breeder tank with four RED -LRB- red ear sliders -RRB- that range from 8 months to 1 month.The directions say to plug the heater in and wait 24 hours before putting your reptiles in and this is what I did but the heater DID NOT heat up the water . In fact , it turned off after 15 minutes.I figured this was a defective device so I shipped it back and went to Petsmart and bought the same one and this one turned off in 10 minutes!Frustrated , i returned that one and bought one at Petco , only to see that this one turned off in less than 15 minutes as well.I 'm not sure if this is just my luck , but I would n't recommend this product to anyone . It was a big waste of time for me and a huge headache !
 It worked for 3 weeks , then just stopped . I called the TetraFauna people to ask for a refund and the guy told me that I needed to buy a bigger heater - it is not strong enough for a 30 gallon tank unless your room temp is 72F . So this only heats the water from 72F room temp to 78F . 6 degrees is all shes got . After that it just dies , apparantly.I 've read other reviews off of amazon and this has horrible reviews -- look elsewhere for a good tank heater .
 I did n't believe the other reviews that this was a fire hazard . I installed three days ago according to the package directions . Everything was perfect until three days later , while cooking dinner and my kids playing the living room - the tank started SMOKING . Stupidly , I just ran over and grabbed the turtles -LRB- not my smartest move considering electricity -RRB- . Thankfully , the turtles are okay - but it was so scary . The entire heater bulb exploded and put black ash all over the tank . I can not express how much I urge you to NOT buy this product . I am just so thankful that I was right by the tank . Imagine if it happened in the middle of the night ???
 The heater looked good and worked well for three days -- then it died . I tried to revive it thinking maybe the thermostat -- or whatever -- inside was stuck , but no luck . Put it in tap water temperature cool water -- no luck . Tried different electrical outlet , etc. -- no luck.I had it at the bottom of a 30 gallon turtle tank that was full of water , probably 8 '' deep , and it was n't buried or anything -- so I think the installation was good -- it was simply defective . I replaced with a fish tank heater which is still working after a month .
 the plastic cage meant to prevent breakage quickly broke.the heater never heated well then died completely in a couple months.you 'd be better off lighting your farts to warm the tank up .
 I had bought this product almost 2 years ago and it worked for a few months until the light stopped turning on when it needed to warm up again . If I unplugged it and plugged it back in it would heat up for a minute and then shut off again . I used a regular glass heater instead and my turtle thankfully did not break it . Later I lost that heater when I moved into my new place and bought this product a second time as I figured it would save me some grief while I was away , and to my dismay it stopped working the day I bought it . I am not even bothering with service or returning it , normally Tetra is completely awesome with their products , but it 's unfortunate they do not address this issue . I would suggest to anyone who is SERIOUS about taking care of any turtles that you invest in a better heating device -LRB- eheim has some I believe that are expensive but still well worth the money in the long run as they are digital and reliable -RRB- You can also get a regular glass heater and make-shift an outer casing for it , or even find a better heater than this one and put the plastic around it from what you got from this product . Essentially the idea is fantastic
 Too small to be anything more then a hospital tank.Even then hospital tanks should be heated.It also has no lid . Bettas can and well jump.Get a bigger tank please !! ^ ^
 Caring for fish in a very small bowl like this one is stressful both for the fish and the fishkeeper.In a small bowl like this , the fish 's waste will build up rapidly -LRB- espcially since there is no filter -RRB- . This causes suffering -LRB- for example , eye and skin irritation -RRB- , sickness , and even death . You can try to prevent this by changing the water frequently ; however , frequent water changes are also stressful for the fish . -LRB- Not to mention a pain for the fishkeeper ! -RRB- In addition , the temperature of such a small volume of water will fluctuate rapidly ; another source of stress for the fish . You can not use a heater in a bowl this small.In particular , this bowl is * not * ideal for goldfish and bettas.Goldfish grow to be up to one foot long . Even when they are smaller , they produce a lot of waste . Goldfish need 10-20 gallons of water * each * , and they are schooling fish so you should n't have just one.Bettas are tropical fish . They need a tank heated to 80F ; there is no way to safely heat a tank smaller than 5 gallons.If you 'd like to care for a fish , please read some of the excellent websites out there and learn all you can . -LRB- Ignore manufacturers websites , since of course they will say their products are great , even crummy products like this one . -RRB- Get the largest tank you can afford . If you ca n't afford a large enough tank , please do n't get the fish .
 I bought this water for my small flock of chickens . Within two weeks the first handle broke . I was able to find a replacement handle so I gave it another try . This time I was very careful not to overtighten the handle as the instructions say . The second handle lasted maybe three weeks . I do n't recommend this product . If you do purchase it , be careful when tightening the handle -LRB- only enough to create the vaccum -RRB- and be careful when you loosen the handle . Do n't loosen while there is still vaccum as this causes higher torque and eventual fatigue of the cheap plastic handle .
 I 'm learning a lot about raising backyard chickens as I go . We inherited some of these waterers . They are a bit labor intensive to clean . Luckily it was summertime and I sat outside with sponges , soap , and the hose and scrubbed . There are lots of little corners that are hard to reach . After I got them really clean , I filled them and put them out for the chickens . Within two days the water is disgusting because the chickens perch on the top , pooping down the sides and into their water . They also stand on the red edge , getting their feet into the water . They kick up all kinds of dirt around the feeder filling it with straw , dirt , etc. . . The red base becomes slimy and moldy in just a couple days and the chickens wo n't drink from it when it 's this dirty . They need clean , fresh water and I do n't get it with these units . It 's the same cycle each time . Clean units , fresh water , two days later the water is slimy and filled with poop . We also inherited the metal water units . They get just as dirty , just as quick ! They smell strongly -LRB- inside -RRB- of rubber cement or some other type of glue . I worry about the chemical smell and what the may mean to the water quality . They have the additional problem of rusting . And , if it freezes at night , you 'll need to purchase an expensive heater . Honestly , I have n't found a good solution for my chickens . The nipple system works to keep the water really clean . But , only 1/2 of my birds will use it .
 Do n't buy , cap broke after one week . Hard to keep clean.I 've kept chickens for several years now and used different waterers this one is the worst.I will be throwing out the one that did n't break , I would ` nt stick someone else with it .
 works great until the lid cracks . i read many reviews online and thought i was getting the best plastic waterer available . the lid cracked in the first few days of use . i tried sealing the cracks . that worked for a couple of days . but the next time i tried to move the waterer , the lid cracked more . i am going to try the water nipples .
 The top lid developed a crack after only one month of use . We did not over tighten . I firmly believe that this design just does not work well long term .
 I purchased the water bottle and within a month it was not holding water anymore , it keeps leaking out . I called and they sent me a new one . That one did n't hold water at all .
 I purchased the 5 gal larger Little Giant Poultry waterer . Once I figured out how to work o-ring seal , no more leakage . I did not find the instructions for how to make sure you have a seal and how many turns to be accurate . You actually have to listen to the cap/handle and if you hear a hissing sound , you do not have a seal . I came out several times to find all the waterer empty when I 'd just filled it . So until you absolutely know when you have a good seal , check frequently the water level . The cap/handle is strong for the 5 gal size . You can carry when full . But the 3 gal size waterer cap/handle breaks every time if you try to carry it full of water . I 've bought 3 now and have come to the conclusion that they need to beef up the strength of the cap on the 3 gal size to what they use for the larger waterers . I keep a t little jar of olive oil by the coups , because you will need to smear a little over the o-ring every time and having it nearby helps . Also , since it 's easy for the tiny black cap and o-ring to get lost or fail , I would immediately order replacements , so you have them ready . You can not use the waterer without them . They do not sell replacement cap/handles . Personally I recommend redundant waterers for your coups , to be on the safe side . I have found waterers to be largely unreliable .
 I have purchased 2 of the largest waterers for my flock of 100 chickens and turkeys . The lid design is terrible and made of cheap easily breakable plastic . Moving it by the handle will break it in under a year . I have had to order 4 extra caps from my local feed store . I ca n't find the replacements on line . Entire unit easily gets hairline cracks in winter from freezing.Broke another cap today on here looking for parts . : : fuming :
 My waterer is on the floor of chicken coop - not entirely level but pretty close . I have tried multiple times to refill it and try different water levels but it keeps leaking ! My entire coop is wet ... . I might be misusing it , but I assembled it correctly and it should be easier to use correctly if I am misusing it . I would n't recommend this !
 Fills with dirt , better off just using a bucket ! Apperently I missed the return date ? by 2 day or it would so be going back
 While the concept might be good , the execution is not . Under `` labratory conditions '' I 'm sure it worked well , but put it in a hen house where things tend to get a bit messy and it fails.The screw top has a big enough handle on it , so unscrewing it is OK , provided the threads are VERY clean when it was screwed on . You have to get it screwed on pretty tight so no air leaks in or all water will leak out , too.The unit is a pain to clean since the white water unit sits inside the red water tray . Dirt and whatever gets under and between the two pieces.All that I could have put up with if there would have been a way to hang this unit off the ground . I tried everything . No matter what I did -LRB- even drilled a hole in the side of the handle -RRB- nothing could successfuly keep the unit flat enough to prevent all the water from leaking over the sides.I bought two of these and trashed both within a couple months .
 I bought this for my terrier mix to toughen up her feet for our winter walks . I did not notice any difference in her paw pads . I started applying this in October so that by the time winter hit , her paws would have the full benefit of the product . Her paws were still very sensitive to the cold weather and pavement . In my opinion , this product did nothing for my dogs paws .
 After trying this product everyday for 4 weeks , there was little or no toughening of my feet whatsoever . I do a lot of hiking and trekking and I used the product to toughen my skin on my feet . I can honestly say the product was useless . I regret buying the product .
 Either this is a mispulled item or a wrong picture , but this is not the item I received !! I received a extremelly cheap not worth what I paid for item !! The item I received did not have the angle head as you see in the picture but a straight head with 12 teeth on it that doens ' t do squat for pet hair !! The old Silver King Pet Hair Groomer that I have with no teeth left does 10 times a better job than this one !!
 Very bad stinks like ben gay i threw it in the trash tomlyn products are usually perfect but this is a waste of money .
 This was NOT what I thought it was . It does not stop blood as it says . I usually try to keep this on hand for nail clipping time , just in case . My one occasion of using it was to find that it only made a mess and did n't stop the tiny bit of bleeding at all . Not sure if it all settled to the bottom of the bottle , but it does n't `` shake '' enough to mix if that 's the case .
 My husband and I spent close to $ 1,000 re-sodding our back yard to give our two female dogs a place to play . Quickly we began seeing urine ` burn out ' spots and decided to find a supplement that works.We tried these for 1.5 months and more and more spots were formed . We gave these to our two dogs religiously and they made ZERO difference.For reference , we have one Aussie mix and one Chiweenie , so it was n't because one breed was more resistant ... Still seeking a product that works .
 I 've been feeding my labrador about 8-10 tablets a day of this stuff . it 's not working as best I can tell . possibly due to the size of the dog , but i 'm giving him twice the quantity ... I 'd buy something from a local PetSmart/Petco/Walmart and then try it out and then take it back for a refund if it does n't work . I 've thrown away $ 30 .
 We 've used Green-um morning and night for nearly two years for a 60 lb Aussie . When the snow melted this spring the grass was wiped out . It 's been 100 % worthless . All the dog needs to do is pee once on the grass and we get a dead spot . Really dead . I should have given up on Green-um a year ago . Our neighbor has the same results for Golden Retrievers . My next step is to train her to pee in the mulched bedding areas .
 This kennel is great for a dog show or something where you will be RIGHT THERE by your pet the whole time . We 've had our dog in this kennel supervised for years with no problem . One day , I left her in the kennel while we went out for a short errand and she chewed through the whole door . The fabric is only mesh and there is no way to fix it . Huge bummer especially for the price paid ! I would not recommend this crate .
 This nicely designed crate has a fatal flaw . It exudes a strong chemical odor that pervaded my house . I could not stand it . A canine 's sense of smell is exponentially stronger than a humans . I would not ask a dog to spend time in this . Note this is made in China . Their track record for items made for human use has not been good . It is cause for concern . Thank goodness for Amazon 's return policy . Buyer beware here .
 Get this crate if your dog has no interest in leaving the crate . It takes minutes for almost any dog to chew or tear their way out . Our dog was fine with the crate until the one day that she was n't . It 's not repairable , so it 's in the trash .
 This shelter was easy to set up and great product . My dog destroyed it in one sitting -LRB- ripped holes in it , broke the `` sturdy '' corners -RRB- , would not recommend .
 I want to review this crate higher . As others have stated , it works out great , assuming that you are going to be right there . I bought it so when we are camping , I could put my dog into this crate at night . The crate I have for her at home took up way too much room in the car , so the fact that this one folded so compactly was a great selling point for me.My dog is crate trained , and even did well in this crate , when I was there with her . I left her in it once when we went out to dinner . While we were gone , it appears she pawed at the side mesh and it was pretty well shredded when we came back . The mesh panels are very thin . It does not take much to damage them.I have since bought new material to try to fix the damage , but I also bought a wire crate that packs flat.The company includes the note : `` Not intended for puppies in the chewing stage , chronic chewers or aggressive dogs.Purchase a MIDWEST wire crate if you think your pet might chew the fabric used in the Canine Camper as damage by untrained dogs is not covered by MIDWEST 's Limited Manufacturers Warranty . Use your Canine Camper Crate after your pet has been properly crate trained . `` So , to their credit , they do warn you about the likelihood of damage . From my experience , even having a well trained dog -LSB- though I am sure some will read this and say that apparently my dog is not all that well trained -RSB- does not ensure that this crate will make it in the long term.I still contend that this would work well when we are camping , and are in the tent together . However , I would never leave her alone in it again . Heaven forbid I had to leave her for a moment or two while I relieved myself.So , it looks like the new wire crate will satisfy both my needs , of packing compactly , and keeping her where she belongs .
 I bought a small apartment in the city for the weekends and needed a temporary kennle for my brittany spaniel . I did n't have much hope of that type of kennel keeping my dog secure -LRB- Brittany 's are smart and escape artists ! -RRB- but thought I 'd give it a try . The kennel appeared well made and as advertised took only a few minutes to set up . The first time I put him in I pulled the zippers down equally leaving them at the bottom of the zippered door . When I came back I was greeted by my dog at the door . He must have pushed on the webbing of the door hard enough to seperate the zippers and then pushed his way through . The next time out , I clipped the two zippers together so they could not seperate . When he greeted me at the door the next time I knew this was not going to work . Basically he either chewed or pawed a hole in the mesh screening and worked on it until the hole wasbig enough to go through ... Perhaps the kennel would work for a much more passive breed .
 It is quite useful while traveling . It opens and gets set up quite easily . I wished I had known something like this existed before this drive from NJ to Fl . My labradoodle is great in the car but once we get into hotel room and she hears a noise she starts barking . The crate is a `` secure '' place for dog .
 The photo of the item when purchased showed a a large dog in the carrier sitting in the seat of the car . This is how I expected the item I purchased to look.I had to rush out and purchase another suitable carrier from Pet Smart.Lesson learned not to trust the photo displayed .
 Went straight from the box to the recycling bin since it was now too mangled to return . Nothing fit together properly so I had to resort to taping the plastic parts inorder to get them to hold their configuration long enough to line up with the base . Then the cage bars would n't slide into the plastic . I gave up and bought a Crittertrail system which went together like magic . The Habitrail system , however , is made of very thin plastic and is poorly engineered . I 'll never buy another product from this line .
 Do n't use this crap . I promise you , it will kill your kitten . Not all are susceptible . But 1 out of my 5 kittens went into convulsions eating this crap . Please reconsider . Try something from PetAG . This stuff is not milk based and therefore it has no laxative qualities . This causes bloating and constipation , pain that is confusing for a small kitten . Please do n't use anything from Hartz . I almost lost my precious kitty Jesse from Hartz products and I am ashamed for buying them . This is not where you need to cut your budget . Try the PetAG products or anything else that is milk based . The milk brings a laxative quality . Without that , some kittens just stop up and ca n't deal with their digestive issues . Please . Reconsider . I have no interest in PetAG , they 're just the only decent KMR that I know right now . Find something milk based , it will let the kitten poo . If you ca n't do that , I hear that warmed goat milk will do ok . But not this stuff . It 's pure crap . DO NOT FEED YOUR KITTEN HARTZ products . I almost lost one small baby that I loved , thinking it was having a seizure or something . It was n't . It was just Hartz .
 I have a approx 4 week old kitten named Raven . She had been on a diet of Hartz Precision Nutrition Kitten Milk Replacer -LRB- Powder formula -RRB- for about a week . On Sunday October 7th , 2012 , I found her unresponsive , she had thrown up everything in her tummy , and her eyes were glassy . when she finally woke up , she could not walk . She would meow occasionally like something hurt . It was midnight , there was nothing I could do . Nothing had changed in her diet , or her routine with me . she had not gotten into anything she shouldnt have . I feel very strongly it was the Hartz product she had been eating all week , esp after reading all of the terrible reviews on the internet this week . I was terrified I would loose her and spent the whole night praying she would still be alive til the morning so we could make it to the vet . I was lucky , she made it and is now back to her happy , healthy self , with the help of quality KMR . I doubt my post will last long on your wall , but I know I am not the first , nor the last to have this complaint and others will not be as lucky as I am . Please have a HEART and listen to what feedback people are giving you !!! STOP MAKING PRODUCTS THAT HURT AND KILL OUR BEST FRIENDS !!! I will never buy anything made by your company again , nor will I ever recommend it . Thanks for all that lost sleep and the horrible migraine I got bc of worry over my kitten 's life !!!!
 Please , please , PLEASE do not ignore these reviews . If you buy this Hartz product , you are playing Russian roulette with your kitten 's life . It seems that many kittens can not digest this crap . My poor baby kitten , which I had been feeding for four days , died because of this stuff . I am almost sure of it . Call it a `` mother 's intuition '' . When we started feeding her this , she would have the same indications other kittens who died on this stuff had -- going into trances , paralyzation , pain , vomiting , greasy poo , bad gas , confusion , lethargy ... . and she got like this every time we fed her ! I was so harried to get nutrition into her that I did n't suspect the food until it was too late . She was n't able to digest it right , so she was n't getting the nutrition she needed . She became too weak and was in too much pain . My last memories of her was of her extremely disoriented , trying to go off and hide . She just wandered around aimlessly , very uncomfortable , going into trances and passing out over and over again . I ended up putting her in a box with blankets and she just put her head in the corner while still standing . Then she started intermittently meowing loudly and her tail was twitching oddly . After that , she became unresponsive . She was letting out bad gas -LRB- again -RRB- . I took her to the vet and they put her in an incubator with oxygen -LRB- for the second day -RRB- , and she looked like she was n't even there anymore . I had been watching her dying all along , and I had to put her to sleep.I am inconsolable about her death , and I do n't want any other owner or kitten to go through this again . Look into other alternatives , like PetAg 's KMR . There are others as well , but I have read that KMR is the best . I only got this crap because it was the only thing available at Wal-Mart , which was where I happened to be at the time . I wonder how different things would be now if I had gone instead to Petco ... . She 's now buried in my backyard and she will live on in my memories .
 Simple Solutions is a good brand , but this product is a huge FAIL ! i would spray the area where i wanted my dog to use the bathroom & instead of going to the spot , it seemed like he would avoid it . When he did go over to the spot , he would lick the sprayed area . As far as training my dog , it did n't work for me .
 does not work . When a return was submitted , I would have to pay to ship it back ... not worth it . I would NEVER buy again .
 I wish I thought of this scam a long time ago . It simply DOES NOT WORK !!! Do n't waste your time or money !!
 I 've sprayed this in several places over the past month . I 've tried spraying a little and a lot . All my dog seems to want to do is lick whatever I 've sprayed .
 Big waste of money . Does not work . Puppy went everywhere but the place I sprayed this product . He avoided it .
 I purchased a gallon of this stuff upon a recommendation from a pet store employee . Sure enough when my puppy had his first accident I ran for the Nature 's Miracle.It helped but it did n't solve the problem . In fact , it made the stain yellow and it smelled like a bottle of rubbing alcohol . This happened time and again with future stains.Out of frustration I went back to the pet store and purchaed their second best seller , Simple Solution . That actually worked and it even removed the yellowing that Nature 's Miracle caused.The Simple Solution was less expensive , smelled better and most importantly it worked ! Nature 's Miracle does n't live up to its name .
 This product did not work as advertised . The urine smell remains in my carpet . I am currently allowing a full box of baking soda `` rest '' on the area , hoping this will help alleviate the smell .
 Yea this stuff does n't work either . None of these specialty products work completely and none seem to be designed for hardwood floors . The one Nature 's Miracle Hardwood floor product only masked the odor for a short time .
 Works ok . I need a miracle , though . Name implies miracle , but does n't deliver with certainty .
 I purchased this as a way to combat the smell from urine accidents resulting from a UTI in one of my cats . I treated the spots as recommended but the smell did not go away , and was only diminished for a short time . I treated the areas multiple times.I ended up buying a special pet detergent for my steam vac and the problem was gone after one use , so I really wish I would not have purchased this product , as I used the entire bottle with no results .
 It worked for 1 day and then the odor returned . I ended up using a home remedy that was not only effective but much , much cheaper . I found a site that offered to rememdies to remove cat urine odor in my rug . The first was to mix white vinegar and water , 50-50 . The second was to mix peroxide , baking soda , and a few drips of dish washing detergant . I did both remedies , one after the other , and although to smell was a bit poignant and my son had to sleep with me for a night becuase of the smell and the chill in the room , it worked and the smell has n't returned . This neutralizes the amonia in the urine crystals permanently .
 I 've been using Nature 's Miracle for a long time and had been very happy with the results until I purchased the 24oz Trigger Spray . Not only did it not have the same nice orange smell , it did absolutely nothing to remove the smell or the stain . It was as if I was spraying water . I wo n't be ordering this product again .
 Do not use on green carpeting - it turns them red . I used it on my other carpeting that 's wheat in color and it was fine . But the odor of the product is not a pleasant smell .
 i purchased this at the recommendation of store employee.it smelled like rubbing alcohol . took away the smell right away.i believed the claim '' ... discourages pets from urinating on same spot again ... '' however , my stubborn dog went right back and did it again !! i 'm gon na try something else this time .
 I noticed that the 2 reviews , both 5 star , were for the east coast . I live in Arizona and the only bird in my yard that will touch these cakes are Ladderback Woodpeckers , and even they just nibble at them . I 'm not sure why . I think it might be how tough the coating is . I watch the birds in the mornings to keep the pigeons out so the littler birds have a chance and the woody seems to work awfully hard to get what morsels they do . By contrast , the Birdola Woodpecker or Beetlemania seed blocks are very popular with all the birds . In fact , that was one of the reasons I switched brands was to find something that would last longer . I can go through a Birdola cake in 3-4 days . They would be ideal if the woodies would warm up to them.One other thing . Half of this order came with 1/4 to half the seedcake covered in mold . No birds touch those until I scrub it off with a wire brush . Even then , I get few takers . It 's a shame . The blocks are big , full of nuts and a good $ 2 cheaper than the smaller Birdola blocks.My bird clientele tends to be a full range of sparrows ; Inca , Mourning , and White-wing Doves , several variety of Wrens , a Thrush or two , the occasional Quail , Blackbird , and Robin , and Ladderback Woodpeckers . Of course , Pigeons -LRB- lots of those -RRB- and even they do n't bother with this brand .
 My 4.5 month old yorkie , can stand up with his paws on the edge , and clear it in no time . Defeats the purpose of the pen . Not sure what kind of dog it can keep in except a tea cup breed .
 In all the things I 've purchased for my new puppy - this is by far and away the most aggravating and useless purchase . How it has such stellar ratings is beyond me . My 5 pound Min Pin instantly climbed out of it . I tied a blanket to the top , she chewed through it . I bought wire mesh and stapled it to the top - that kept her inside of the playpen . Until she began bodily pushing the playpen , with her amazing five pounds she could scoot this thing from one end of the room to the other , effortlessly . Eventually it gets turned on its head . Its lack of a bottom is a huge issue as well . Cleanup was a nightmare . Potty Pads were useless with the thing being moved about so much.Perhaps this will work for you if you have a mild , sedate and exceptionally well behaved older dog . However , it 's absolutely useless for puppies who have enough energy and intelligence to outsmart this device . I wanted to give my new puppy lots of room while I was away - but the extra room just made her more anxious and destructive . Now I have her in a standard travel crate where she only has enough room to turn around and it works 100 percent of the time . As an added bonus she seems more content with the more den-like atmosphere . If you have an escape artist , or a not-fully trained puppy or an incontinent dog avoid this product .
 It is very difficult to put the door on and the locks do n't work well . My puppy already knows how to unlock it so it stays shut . Plus , I have to put heavy rubbermaid bins around it to keep her from pushing it all over the place . If you have a dog that never tries to get out it might work but it is not as secure as a crate.It does look very nice though and the panels are easy to aseemble .
 If you have a small dog , do not bother with this product . We tried it first without the top cover and he was able to get out . We then purchased the top cover and he was able to pull the velcro attachments and once again get out . Larger dogs could easily get out either by jumping out or possibly knocking it over . Could possibly work as a child playpen , but I would n't recommend it . Sorry but just sharing my honest opinion .
 This petpen takes a few seconds to assemble and is quite sturdy . I purchased this product to keep my puppy in , while I do house chores . However , my 11-week-old Papillon puppy -LRB- 2.7 lbs -RRB- crawls up and over the pen every time I put her in , so I do n't have any use for it anymore . Because of the arch shape on top , it 's not even easy to cover with anything to prevent her from climbing . I completely underestimated the power of a tiny puppy . So if you need a pen for a puppy , you might consider buying one that has roof .
 Unfortunately , this pet pen only served it 's purpose for two days . On day three , our 4 month old Maltipoo discovered how to place her paws in the grate openings and crawl over the top , letting herself out . It only somewhat serves it 's purpose if you are in the same room and continually tell to the pup to stay put . May have to give it away -LRB- the pen , not the puppy -RRB- .
 Our dog despises when he has be in this pet pen . He cries , claws and his 5 pound stature can move this pen all over the floor , which of course scratches the floor . The inferior space is not large enough for a small puppy bed , potty pad and food / water dish . He is so stressed out when he is in this pen , which surprised us , as he loves his crate . If the 8 panels pen also had a roof ... as our puppy can jump out ... that would have been a much better choice . I would not recommend this product .
 Product was easy to put together and nice looking but my little dog kept getting out of it . I finally figured out he was managing to lift it up and crawl underneath .
 I was really hoping for a nice sturdy pen for my small dogs based on all the glowing reviews on this site . I was very disappointed with the reality of this purchase . The material is lightweight plastic - very lightweight . It has no bottom - not that I expected it to - but this adds to the pen being pushed around on my laminate floor by my average size pug.I usually do not take the time to write a review good or bad . Look elsewhere for a pen .
 One of the most stressfull moments of my life happened when my little 2 lbs yorkie claimed and broke his leg and I was n't home . I am just desperate . This dog is in extremelly pain and will wear a cast for 6 weeks . She is only 4 months . Please consider this when buying this product .
 This was the flimsiest piece of junk ever . Reviews claiming that it holds their 50lbs rambunctious puppy must be fake , or the product has been redesigned . After assembly , even the lightest touch knocked this over . The pen either would tip over or fold in on itself . On top of the poor quality of the product , the return shipping through UPS is obscene -- it will cost over half the original price of the pen.I 'm not sure how so many people can give this product such a positive review ...
 After reading all the reviews , I was convinced this would be perfect for the new 3 month old pug coming to live with us . WRONG . First , she knocks against it to push it out of shape . So I found a few heavy boxes to put around it . The next day she figured out how to CLIMB OUT OF IT using the lower corners and putting her feet in the grates . So we bought window screen last night and zip-tied it over the top . Well today we come home to find she has escaped again . This time by repeatedly knocking against the door until the latch screws loosened and latches open , even when you hand screw them tightly closed .
 I did not receive any papers for this merchandise . Neither paper for to return the merchandise . Also , the tools for the little door to be installed never came , in spite of I sent an e-meil requesting it . Until now 03-19-2011 , I have not received any answer at all . I can not use it . I am very upset . I hope you can help me now to avoid the feedback w / video .
 Durable material . Easy to assemble . Aesthetically pleasing . However , your dog will eventually find a way to climb out . My 3lbs Maltipoo did on the first night . I will be returning the item .
 My 10 month old poodle got out and scooted this thing around so easy . All it is good for is a dog under 6 lbs .
 Length :
 My puppy tore through it and broke it in about 30 seconds . Just one attempt to jump at the enclosure walls and they were on the ground . Had to replace it with a wire pen . It might work well for dogs that do n't attempt any form of an escape .
 Both of my 8 wk old shih tzu 's can climb out of this . It 's a very cute play pen but design wise it lacks . I think the horizontal bars are too close together for puppies to use as a ladder and climb out of it.Instead of using it as a playpen , I 'll use 2 pieces to block the doorway or part of a room when needed and that works great !
 The biggest problem is this four sided unit tends too lean into a diamond shape when my dog leans against it . I also agree with another persons comment that it needs a top cover , as stated the dog can just climb right out which my dog does .
 It took my 4 month old pug about 10 minutes to figure out how to climb out of the pen , so I had to return this . I would n't recommend this for active and curious dogs . The only other negative is that the latches on the door were very small and hard to open . In terms of the structure , the pen is built of a sturdy plastic which is nice . Also it easily collapses so it 's not a problem to move the pen around .
 Yes , my 11 week old shih-poo weighing 3 lbs climbs out easily -LRB- like a ladder -RRB- everytime he 's left in it and trash my house ! . I had to go to Home Depot and spend and extra $ 30 on a radiator cover to cover the top so he ca n't climb out . My advice
 Bought this for a 10 week old puppy -LRB- mid-size dog -RRB- . She was able to jump/climb over with ease . I cant see how this would keep anything but the smallest dogs .
 I bought this with high hopes since I was picking up my 8 week old lab . I got it , assembled it and had it all ready for my new pup . Within 30 minutes he was able to get out although I did not see how . Over the course of 2 days he got out many times . The walls have verticle and horozontal bars , not rounded but flat . The horizontal bars that are FLAT act like ladder steps and what my little guy did was to use his back paws and climb . He got to the top and pushed himself over landing on his head . Luckily , I have carpet . The design is terrible and I doubt it was tested with pups . Perhaps if the bars were rounded ??? or if the walls were a solid design with holes in them like metal beams but what they designed does not work.Mine is goin gabck tomorrow ...
 I bought this for my new Papillon puppy for indoor/outdoor use . The stakes that are supposed to be able to go into the ground are too short ! They do n't even reach the floor ! There is no way to cover the top thus it is easy for a puppy to jump out or climb out ! In addition , when using indoors the pen can slide around on carpet . I ended up purchasing a different kennel , pen . I would not recommend this to anyone who has a puppy or dog that is at all active . The idea is a good one however they need to go back to the drawing board and make it possible to have a cover for the top and stakes that do the job they say they will do . I am very dissapointed in this product !
 It only took one day for my 8 week old fox terrier puppy to figure out how to climb out of this pen . Not a good product for an active puppy , even a small breed . The openings are like little ladder rungs , very easy to climb up .
 At only 9 weeks of age , my little puppy is already climbing out of this pen . As a safety issue , I can not leave her in there unsupervised.My other disappointment with this item was having to assemble the door . The tiny screws were difficult to insert into the plastic holes , and we ended up stripping the screws and having an unusable door . It would be helpful to have the hardware installed at the factory.For me , this product was a waste of money .
 Bought this for my portuguese water dog puppy and he easily found his way out , so we returned it immediately . We thought since he was 8 weeks it would wodo since it says for puppies but it did n't . It is a good structure , but I think it should only be considered for small breeds that are n't going to jump over the side .
 It was extremely sturdy but that is the only good thing I can say about it . Very disappointed , thought it was a great concept . My 3 mo. old yorkie mix learned to jump out within days of getting it . It might work better for fat dogs who ca n't jump or climb over , or for those who could just care less about trying . I did not try the cover ... maybe for the extra money it might work . I ended up spending even more money on a sturdy wire kennel , but it works fine and my puppy is safe when we go out .
 list price $ 5,999,99 Are you kidding ! I realize this must be a mistake but seriously , fix it ! This is n't funny
 That 's too bad that it boasts &#34; Made In America &#34; . When it came , the hinge parts for the door were missing .
 If you have a pet who is prone to jump up on the side of the pen , then this is not the play pen for you . Although it is attractive , it 's very flimsy when shaped like a square or a rectangle .
 My 7mo Shih Tzu LOVES this pen , but the purpose was to not crate her since she was rescued from being in a crate 20hrs a day and be able to finally potty train her . First day it arrived I thought this was it , the answer to my prayers so I can finally do right by her and get her trained ! Nope ... took 10 minutes for her to figure how to climb out !
 The dog pen was easy to put together and of nice quality but my maltipoo can climb out of it . I ca n't find a cover to fit it . I bought it before I got the puppy and now it 's been more than 30 days so I ca n't exchange it.I will have to buy a new pet pen with a cover . Too bad Iris does n't make one .
 We purchased the smaller , 4-panel version . This pen is easy to set up , can be expanded , looks attractive and offers more room than the typical crate . The problem is that many dogs can easily escape . Our 12-week old , 5 pound puppy escaped the second night he was placed in the pen by launching himself up using the horizontal supports . It is totally useless to us now . Perhaps if you place a much younger puppy in the crate and he gets used to it before he can climb , this pen could work , but must puppies are n't available for adoption that early . It may also work for older dogs who are content staying where you put them . Since Amazon combines the reviews for the smaller pen and the larger version , many of the positive reviews may be for the larger version , which is about a foot higher and harder to climb out of .
 I have a border collie puppy that I was trying to housebreak . Figured that I could buy a gated enclosure , and line it with puppy pads , and have her in there if there was ever a stint that I could n't keep an eye on her every second.The pup at the time was only 8 weeks old , about 10 '' tall , and weighed 9lbs , so the gate seemed large enough from the online description . Though she could n't jump OVER the gate , it was so light that she found it extremely easy to lift , so she could get out UNDERneath it , and if that did n't work , she had no trouble pushing it around the room . There are rubber feet you add to it , but the plastic gate is just so light that it really does n't matter . -LRB- All 4 sections of the gate combined do n't seem to weigh any more than 10 lbs . -RRB- I kept it because the sections -LRB- when fastened or anchored by heavy things -RRB- come in rather handy when I need to make impromptu gates ... But as a pen on its own , it fails miserably.If your dog/puppy is EXTREMELY little , like less than ~ 5 lbs , then this might be a good pick for you . Otherwise , you should buy something heavier .
 Could n't wait till I received it , set it up and immediately watched my Shih Tzu climb out of it in 4.3 seconds . What a let down .
 This pen might as well have been constructed with a staircase because , within 3 days , our 8-week-old cockapoo has learned to climb out of it without much effort . Without the ability to contain a 31/2 lb puppy , what use is it?The pen consists of 4 walls -LRB- one of which has a door -RRB- and 4 plastic pins that connect each wall together . That 's it . It is very easy to set up and is easily portable . However , there is absolutely nothing that holds the pen 's shape . If your dog weighs enough -LRB- my guess is about 8 lbs or more -RRB- , s/he could push the walls around without much difficulty until the pen elongated and fell over so make sure you find a way to secure the walls in place.The pen boasts that it is best used outdoors since the Panel Connectors -LRB- pins -RRB- can be used as spikes . I have yet to see how this is possible without shoving the pin into the ground upside down -LRB- with the spiked side up -RRB- and then connecting the walls by placing them on the spike from above . I hope this was not the intended design because it feels very backwards . I have n't tried it . I was just curious as to how it worked and I could n't figure it out.Perhaps when our puppy is full-grown , her paws will be too large to be able to climb out of the pen , but by that time , she will weigh much more and she will just be able to knock the pen over anyway . Either way you look at it , this product seems to have been released before it was ready . For the price , I do n't think it 's unreasonable to expect it to work the way it says it should without having to make modifications to it yourself.Pros : + Good quality plastic + Ease of portability + Aesthetically pleasing , I suppose + Can be used outside?Cons : - Does not hold shape - Walls are easily climbable by small dogs/puppies - Has no base or coverIf you have a very passive or lethargic dog , this could work great for you , but be warned of the flaws .
 This item seemed great for the first week . Within days my 10 week old puppy was no longer safe as the item started cracking and leaving sharp edges that were unsafe . I even sustained a large scratch from a sharp piece of protruding plastic . I have since discarded of the item . Not happy at all .
 this thing was just not very good . Its real flimsy and just too cheap ... the good reviews suckered me . My 15 pound chiweenie can lift this thing and toss it easy . I do use it for a gate now by propping it against her crate and a bookshelf so I guess its not a total loss .
 It looks fine and is priced fine , but I had to return the first one to amazon because it was missing the parts bag . I also then found that it only to my toy sized puppy about 3 minutes to figure out how to crawl out the corner . WARNING
 After all the postive reviews i decided to purchase this . It is fairly attractive for the money . But it does not work took my 9 pld mini pin about 30 seconds to figure out how to climb and jump out because its to short in height and spaces are way to `` big '' soo it is noooo goood save your money . only one star for it looking pretty and neat .
 I have a 1 and a half year old pit bull and a 9 month old pit/lab mix , and the little one has figured out how to get the latches open . I have no idea how he does it , but no matter how tight I fasten the screws , he 's out in a matter of five minutes . The older of the two can jump out too . I watched her do it this morning . So , they each have their own means of escaping , and I 've had to resort back to a traditional metal kennel , though I really enjoyed using this enclosure as their `` bedroom '' for the 4 or 5 months before they figured out the system . I would recommend it to people with smaller dogs who are not jumpers , climbers , or nudgers , as that 's how I think he gets the latches open - by ramming his head into the gate until he lifts them out of place with sheer force .
 I already had a shorter plastic exercise pen for my dog -LRB- different manufacterer -RRB- - I wanted a second one for use outside . This pen is taller than my other plastic pen ; however , it is so flimsy that my small dog could push it over -LRB- or perhaps even high wind -RRB- . Plus the door rattles constantly -LRB- annoying -RRB- and because the plastic is so thin I felt that my dog would chew it apart ... so I returned the pen.So not all plastic exercise pens are created equal ! Either get a sturdier plastic pen or go for a metal one .
 After all the great reviews , I thought I would give this pen a try . It was easy to assemble and fairly sturdy , however I shortly discovered that my 2 lb . maltese can easily climb over it ... therefore , making it worthless in my book .
 I commented that we have not received the product , so please ask for more details annexed as date , guide , etc ... and when you want to cancel the purchase tells me already expired date to cancel
 you did not send the hardware to attach the gate door to the panel ... it is impossible to contact the seller here it is not a good establishment to do business with .
 I was disappointed in this product . The description given was not accurate . This pen is a monster in size . It stated a 5 x 5 in size and it was even bigger . I still was unable to use when some of the panels were removed .
 Great inside or outside . can be adjusted to fit in many area 's . easy to take apart and put together .
 My dog is a chihuahua/pomeranian mix - 6 lbs , full grown . She leaps over the wall of this pen as if they were n't there , actually clearing it by a few inches . I gave it to another friend with a smaller , teacup dog . She climbed out with ease . The walls need to be at least a foot and a half higher to be useful . Complete waste of my money .
 I purchased for my 6 week old Golden Retriever puppy . Unfortunately , I could not use it . The puppy could knock it down , very flimsy . She could jump and get caught on the top of the fence . I had thrown the box away otherwise I would have returned it .
 Although the playpen is visually attractive and blends in nicely with a white kitchen , there is one big problem ! We have found that this particular pen will not contain our little 2 pound yorkiepoo ! She just crawls up and over the side with very little effort ! We have tried to cover it with different objects and the little bugger is still able to maneuver her way up and out of this particular pen . Too bad , because it is extremely easy to assemble and super easy to travel with , but if you are looking for a pen to contain your pup , I would suggest looking for one with a cover .
 Easy to assemble and would be o.k. for adult dogs , puppies teeth and feet , not so much , not very sturdy and slides across floor to easily , difficult to see throughand monitor the pups .
 I have ordered this playpen 2 times and both deliveries came with missing parts . There were absolutely no instructions or hardware to assemble the pen door . I attempted to call the manufacturer to obtain the necessary hardware but was never able to reach a person . I left 2 voicemails and have yet to receive a return call . I then returned the item to Amazon and a replacement was sent very quickly . The problem was the 2nd delivery arrived the very same way - no hardware ! Amazon is quality checking the items now . I do like the playpen but am very disappointed with the lack of customer service from the manufacturer . Hopefully I 'll be able to receive the item with all necessary parts to assemble it .
 Purchased this with hopes that my peagle would get use to it and I could use this for her while I was working . It is way too small for her to use as any kind of play area . She is a vert small dog and when her food and small bed mat are in it she has barely any room . We use this more apart to block off rooms then we use it together.At least it saved us money on buying a lot of gates ...
 It 's built we 'll , but one major flaw ... the hinges are fluid . So a dog can push the crate and change the shape of it . It would be great if the hinges locked in place
 I bought 3 bags of these treats and they didnt work at all !!! My dog loved them as treats but they did not make a difference with my dogs urine burning the grass . I would not buy again !
 This is how this item is described : This device crushes , dissolves and administers medication and water . Easy to follow instructions enclosed.Nowhere in the product description does it indicate that this item is for animals and not humans . This syringe is huge ! I ca n't even use this for my 30 lb dog-it 's way too big !
 We purchased two of these plastic pens . . and it was a big mistake ! We tried to set them up in the 4 x 6 rectangle dimension and the door sags forward terribly . It is not sturdy for inside use unless maybe if it is in the octagon shape , then perhaps a little more sturdy . . but still not worth the money spent . I would send these back to Amazon , if I had n't opened them . Quality is much poorer than I expected it to be . I wish I had never ordered them ... in my opinion they are a huge waste of money .
 Judging by the reviews , I must have got a defective tie down . The bottom of the screw portion is cut off flat to the ground instead of at an angle . This means there is nothing to help it go into the ground . This makes it impossible to get it into the ground properly . I 'm 6 ' 2 220lbs and the best I could do was get covered in sweat , a very sore hand , and a 2 inch deep corkscrew size hole drilled in my yard . This makes my tie down completely worthless without major retooling .
 Our new kitten is climbing curtains and clawing rug with scratching post in the room . Covered post with catnip . Not working so I bought a bottle of KEEP AWAY . Have used half the bottle with no desired results .
 My cat used the box and it looks cute , however the special liners that are required for it never fit . We ended up throwing the liners away and just scrubbing the box when the litter got changed .
 One of their ad claims is that it is seamless , making it painless to clean . That 's true , if you look at the construction of the pan . The issue comes in with the adhesive they used to affix the scoop to the bottom of the pan . For some reason they used epoxy instead of normal booger glue . I could n't get the residue off ! I 've tried soaking in soapy water , scraping with a straight razor -LRB- and just about slicing my hand open -RRB- and then nail polish remover . Well , given the fact that it 's PLASTIC , the polish remover has eaten away at the plastic ruining the smooth interior . I 'm hating these people right now.Hey , Cats Rule Manufacturers ... Tighten up and use booger glue !
 I think this is just the medium size , and description , the brand is damaged , so I just feel the brand is a large driftwood is not , driftwood and pictures are not the same , I have received 's just not the shape of the piece
 One star because it was shipped out quickly . Soo disappointed . The piece sent to me had no shape , flat and was only 15 '' ! Now I have to go through the trouble of returning the item .
 I bought this for my 4 month old Pomeranian and he chewed the strings off in about 15 minutes and then bit off large chunks of the blue plastic . Very dangerous choking hazard if your dog likes to chew ! I would have given it 0 stars but you have to rate it with at least one .
 My Maltese got the strings off of this thing and even chewed off a piece of the blue bone before I noticed . Be careful with this one .
 As a previous owner of some other ORKA products by Pet Stages , and generally pleased with the construction of their toys , I was a little surprised that this bone did n't last very long at all.My 20lb mini-schnauzer is a chewer , and I was amazed at how quickly -LRB- 20-30 minutes -RRB- that he had already managed to untie and remove the three fabric tassels . One he was able to chew off , the other two he was able to loosen the actual knots ... a definite choking hazard and intestinal blocker if swallowed.Once I threw away the tassels , it was within a matter of a day or two that he had then concentrated on the ` ring ' area where the tassels once were and was actually able to ` break ' through the tough plastic ... normally not an easy feat , but once the ring is exposed and free , this makes for a design flaw in my observations in giving a pup an area of leverage.Other ORKA based products have lasted a lot longer with my guy.On the plus side , my schnauzer is very interested in the toy itself , and its small and textured/ribbed surface really does hold his interest . He does tend to carry this about and plays with it between his paws . A certain ` give ' to the plastic I imagine gives him a satisfying feeling , but now I tend to want to supervise his interaction with it to make sure he is n't able to chew off more plastic near the ` ring ' .
 I gave this to my Bichon and in 15 minutes it was in chunks . While looking for the company website I saw in tiny print on the back of the package that it was made in China ... not good ... I would have never given it to her if I had known that ! . It 's NOT for agressive chewers as it says . The company offered me a replacement - I do n't think so !
 I bought this for my miniature dachshund puppy and he managed to destroy it in a few days . Definitely not what I had in mind . On the positive side , he loved chewing on it . It 's just unfortunate that it did n't last longer .
 What a waste of my money ! I bought 2 of these bones for my 2 Cavalier King Charles Spaniels -LRB- 3 years old , 18lbs , toy dogs -RRB- . The packaging says `` for your power chewers '' , `` perfect size for small breed dogs '' and `` thoughtfully designed for toy sized dogs of all ages '' . I do n't particularly consider these dogs to be `` power chewers '' -LRB- my last dog was a bulldog - now THAT 'S a power chewer ! -RRB- , but they like to chew , and I would much rather have them chew a toy instead of shoes , stuffed animals , kids toys , etc. . I picked this bone because it was a change up -LRB- and looked more interesting -RRB- than the Nylabones they already have.The ORKA bone is a flat , flexible , blue bone with a hole in one end . The hold has 3 `` streamers '' tied onto it . The streamers are small canvas ribbons with knots in the ends.I gave the bones to my dogs , who were instantly interested , and within minutes I was pulling a loose streamer out of one dogs mouth . One streamer was already gone -LRB- to be found later during poop pick up -RRB- , and I removed the others and threw them away . The dogs seemed to like the bones , so I gave the bones back . They had the bones for about 20 minutes when I took them away to check them out . Well , what I discovered was that one of the bones had already been chewed through at the point of the streamer hole -LRB- 20 MINUTES !!! -RRB- The other bone also showed many signs of chew damage . That was that for the ORKA Bones . Very disappointing.On the bottom of the package it says `` While this product is made of an extremely durable material , no product is indestructible in all cases . As with any product , supervise your pet 's use of this toy . Inspect product regularly for rips or tears and remove toy if damaged or if parts become separated , as injusry could result . `` In my opinion , an extremely durable material , when being used in the intended manner by the intended breed , should last a LOT longer than 20 minutes.Bottom line - save your pet 's health and your money , and do n't buy this bone .
 I only tolerate this toy , because it 's one of the few toys that my puppy will chew on for long periods of time . This toy has serious safety issues , and I will only let her play with it when I can supervise her . She is a toy dog , is n't an aggressive chewer , and is normally easy on her toys . However , the little dangly ties at the end of the bone are always coming off , and I am constantly chasing after her to prevent her from swallowing the ties when they become loose . For the most part , I have re-tied the ropes using various types of knotts , and have found that after about a month , the ties do n't become loose as much because her saliva has made them stiff .
 I purchased this for a 29 pound mixed breed with a small mouth . The medium size bone that Orka makes is huge so I thought this size was more appropriate . I do n't think of my dog as an exceptionally tough chewer but she ripped chunks of blue plastic off this toy within a few minutes . My dog loved the toy but , sadly , it only lasted about ten minutes . I thought the strings were dangerous , a potential choking or bowel obstruction hazard , and removed them before giving the toy to my dog .
 It took my tiny dog less than 2 minutes to tear off all the strings and break off a big chunk of the blue rubber . I had to quickly take it away before he swallowed it . The product packaging advertises this as a product `` for your power chewer , '' so I thought it would hold up like his other rubber toys -LRB- he has barely put a scratch on a Kong -RRB- My dog would have eaten this toy entirely if I had given it to him without supervision for 10 minutes . This is a dangerous product for powerful chewers .
 My 4-month-old puppy destroyed this item within 5 minutes . We are lucky she did n't choke on the rubber . She is not a big dog , but her sharp puppy teeth made fast work of this soft rubber . I took it back to the store the next day and they fully refunded my money .
 I bought the exact same toy as this one from Petco 2 months ago . My yorkie 's about 9 months now and she appears to be very smart . What she did to this toy was , she somehow untied the strings/ropes off the `` bone '' and made them disappeared . We did n't pay much attention before because we thought she was just playing with the strings , but 3 weeks ago i found those strings coming out from her body in her poo , one at a time . She did n't feel well during that time and we could n't figure out what was wrong until we saw those strings in her poo ... I even took pictures of her poo and wanted to tell the company to stop making this kind of toy even though I really like this company.However , I give it 2 stars because the `` rest '' of this toy which is the blue bone is still living to it 's fullness . My dog still chews on it and it helps her teething.So if you 're going to buy it , make sure your dog does n't put random stuff in her mouth or maybe you want to take those ropes off before you let them play with it . Goodluck !
 I have two Jack Russell Terriers under a year old , including one that 's an aggressive chewer . We bought one of these when they were around 4-5 months , almost done cutting their adult teeth . Within 48 hours of buying this toy , the non-chewer stripped the three fabric ties off , and the chewer chewed off one of the nubs on the other end . This toy is for either a -RRB- very young puppies or b -RRB- light chewers .
 Our yorkie puppy does indeed love this toy . Unfortunately , he chewed one of the strings off and began to choke on them.We removed the other two strings . And it left a ring , he chewed off the ring in two pieces and began to choke on those . As one solid piece it is fine , but the extras are a choking hazard for small dogs with sharp teeth .
 I have purchased other Orka Petstages products that have lasted a little longer than this one , but not much longer . My 7 month old , 11 pound Lhasapoo puppy tore big pieces off of this bone within 5 minutes of chewing it for the first time . I 'm disappointed because she loves the texture so much . I do n't feel safe giving her a toy that she can swallow pieces from , especially in such a short amount of time . Not recommended .
 Brought this home on Sunday afternoon , threw it away on Wed morning . 2 dachshund pups -LRB- 8 mo -RRB- and this was edible in no time . Only buy this for dogs with puppy teeth .
 This is the same exact design -LRB- and possibly exact same product just different title and packaging -RRB- as the `` big cat door '' that they make . So this is the review I gave to that product which will hold true to this item . The only difference is this one is clear which makes little sense to me because you will see all of the imperfections that occur when you cut a large hole in your door . That is half the point of this door system is to hide the hole and make it neat looking.I purchased this product at a big box store and really wish i had read reviews before buying it . I am not one to do these sorts of reviews but this product and it 's engineering has inspired me to write one.Total time for setup = 3 hours . I am no carpenter but i am fairly handy.The instructions are very limited and on one side of one sheet of paper . It does not go over some of the idiosyncrasies of putting this fine item together.Step one is cut a hole in your door . Once your done with that and move on to step 2 which is starting to assemble this item , you realize the poor engineering and yet there is no turning back . The hole is there and it is made to fit this item , so you must trek on.There are 2 panels that screw together with these plastic inserts that go between them . I know I will not be able to accurately describe them and how they fit together , but the bottom line is they only fit well as they come in the box . Once you cut them to fit the size of the door -LRB- which you have to do unless your door is 3 inches thick -RRB- they no longer fit the channels that they are supposed to . This makes it really frustrating as you try to line up the screws and they keep popping out of the channel because there isnt the lip on the piece of plastic that used to be there because you had to cut it off . My solution would be for this company to spring for the extra 5-10 cents that I am sure it cost them and include a few standard size 's of these inserts and one that could be cut if for some reason your door is an uncommon size.Next thing that got me was that the warranty for 10 years that I am sure helps to assist in the sale of this fine product is that it only covers the frame . It doesnt cover the moving parts which are really the only parts that could break . Essesntially that 10 year warrenty is so that the plastic door frame wont rot in your door.Also of note in the warranty they specifically state `` Petsafe will not pay for loss of time , or inconvenience ... '' If that is not a legal admission that this product is n't the greatest -LRB- to put it mildly -RRB- ... If i knew now what I knew then I would certainly not have purchased this item . I would have researched a bit more . For the few dollars you might save on this product you pay for in triple in frustration and time . I highly suggest a different pet door , and different brand as this one has not impressed me . Spend the money on higher quality and maybe even one that is less universal and more custom or specialized for whatever type of door you may have .
 this was difficult to put together . it 's clear so you can see the hole you cut out in the door , not a good look .
 Our cat broke through this door the first night we used it.The plastic locking tabs simply could n't hold up to a persistent 9lb cat , who simply pushed his nose into the bottom of the tab for a good 10 minutes until the tabs just snapped off.We 're replacing the door with a model that uses a panel to block the door , rather than flimsy plastic tabs .
 I bought this product for my daughter 's dwarf hamster to go the play city dome . It falls apart very easily . Our hamster escaped twice . The connectors would work better if they locked -LRB- they just slide in -RRB- . We had to put duct tape to keep tubes from falling apart . Now it just looks funny . On the flip side , loved how the tubes can be arranged in many ways -LRB- just got ta get creative -RRB- . The hamster does love going into the cube and going into the wheel .
 My hamster is n't having fun with this neither is my son . The the purple piece that is supposed to snap the tubes to the cage does n't work . It is black on the box . Every way I assemble this she is able to get out or worse it starts tilting and I have to grab it before it crashes . She is pleased with the base part of the cage but as for this attachment she is extremely disappointed as are we all . I would n't recommend this to anyone who wants to keep there hamster . It will fall over more than likely or she will get out .
 I bought the Playcity kit to attach it to my Hartz cage . The connectors are horrible ! My hamster managed to escape 6 times because the pieces just fell off . This accessory pack did nothing but cause me serious concern for my hamster because she would be missing for 3 days at a time and not to mention , we have a cat who would love to have her for dinner.I called the company to complain about their product and they told me I must have gotten a faulty kit and offered to send me a replacement for free . I highly doubt that it was `` faulty '' . It 's cheaply made and a waste of money.Save yourself some trouble and some money by going with Habitrail brand cages . They 're connecters are lockable and it 's not going to fall apart . I wish I would have bought it in the first place .
 hello i was glad that this product was out there but when i put it on my cage within a day it broke and my hampster got out and got hurt so not very good quality . thank you very much val .
 We bought this accessory pack for the Hartz cage . Do n't waste your money on this . The plastic is very brittle and cheap . The lid for the nest was broken when we opened the box and the spiral tube section falls apart when our Teddy Bear hamster gets in it , which means she could get out at any given time . The nest also can be opened very easily just by her pushing up in the corner with her head , the lid will just pop right off . This kit was a huge waste of money . I just ordered the Jack 72 Hamster Resort and hope that it will be better once it arrives !
 These cat liners are terrible . They are not a litter box shape -LRB- square -RRB- but instead are shaped like normal trash bags , which does not work well for the litter box.There is no drawstring so you cant `` cinch up '' the litter.The plastic is very thin and the cat scratches through it almost immediately.Buy a different brand !
 Very disappointed . The packaging says `` thick '' but the liners are very thin . I have used the Fresh Kitty drawstring , extra-thick liners in the past but decided to try this one because the price was cheaper ... what a mistake ! There is no drawstring so the liner does not stay up on the sides and its so thin that my cat ripped it after the first use . I think I 'll go back to the other brand eventhough its more expensive .
 We have been feeding Show Stopper to our 11/2 year old Staffordshire Terrier for about 3 months now and I have n't notice much of an improvement in his coat yet . He has VERY sensitive skin and his coat is very thin , so maybe it is just going to take more time than it would for some other dogs . I will agree with everyone though , that it definitely gets him to eat all his food . He now wo n't eat unless there is Show Stopper mixed in with his food .
 This filter set is for Eheim professional . The image supplied shows Eheim professional II , which is misleading .
 I purchased this 1700-pound break strength tieout for my 36 lb . dog . For about 2 months , it work-out fine , but then the metal coupling came undone . My dog broke right out and ran away with the metal clasp still attached to his neck . I will never purchase another tieout from Cider mills again .
 Kaboosh , no turn on after one month . What 's up with that?They have worked in the past , poor QC or somehthing .
 Ok . I was tempted to make this a video review so that you could all see for yourselves . I 'd like to first state that this was my experience with the wing suit and that you should NOT expect the same reaction . That said , I bought this wing suit and was very excited about the possibilities of finally taking my Sun Conure outdoors for walks , picnics , etc. . Unfortunately for both of us , as soon as I took the suit out the bag , my poor conure 's reaction was pure TERROR ! I 've never seen her react that way ! We 've had her since she was 4 months old -LRB- she 's 7 months old now -RRB- and have never seen this type of reaction from her . She literally shrieked at the horror flew away from the suit in a panic , clawing and tearing her way in to hiding spaces around the house to escape from us as we tried to introduce her to the suit . There 's a little house we have for her which she normally disdains , that is until now ! Whenever we bring the suit out she makes a mad dash for the little house and tumble rolls into it ! Every now and then she peeks out to see if the coast is clear . We got the tie die version because that 's the only thing they ship you off of Amazon . Was it the color ? Did she have an aversion to the bad fashion taste of it ? Maybe an OCD discovery ... where 's the Bird Whisperer when you need her ? Otherwise , the Medium suit seemed a little small for our Sun Conure -LRB- not that I had a chance to test -RRB- .
 If you do n't start putting your bird in it young it 's very hard to get them in it I really wish it worked for me because i love the Idea
 The company that manufactures the flight suits does not accept returns under any circumstances . They are tremendously unfriendly on the phone . The flightsuits are very poor quality , and once it falls apart do to normal use , you will realize you can make your own easily , and it might actually fit the bird right ! This leads to the sizing issue ... they have sizes for common birds , but for small birds , like greencheeks , be careful with the size you purchase . If it is even slightly too lose , the bird will hate it and you will have wasted your money -LRB- depending on the mood when you call to replace it with a different size -RRB- .
 It is expensive and I did not see the result after use . I should have keep changing water to reduce nitrate level and not spent on this product .
 I bought Fluval Nitrate remover at a local store because it touts that it `` eliminates toxic NitrIte within a matter of hours '' . It neither reduced nor eliminated the nitrite in my tank . The instructions are sparse - basically put the contents in the bag , rinse , and place bag in the `` final stage of filtration '' . Maybe I failed to properly follow the three points of instruction . Maybe I expected more than I should have . $ 25.00 at the local store .
 I had this nitrate remover in my fluval fx5 and it did nothing !! I have lots of fish but also have 2 other filters . Still nothing ! Maybe it 's just overcrowded because I also have tried purigen which is suppose to be better and that did n't work either ! Im stickin to water changes now to keep up with high levels of nitrate . I am still using purigen in my fx5 and the nitrate remover cut to size pads in my other 2 filters but it 's doing nothing ! What a waste .
 When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce , my dogs loved it . After a few weeks , they do n't seem to care too much for it anymore . They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while , and will eventually eat it when they are hungry , but they do n't consider it to be a treat anymore . I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced , and low calorie . One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it . They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains . I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce , buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining . VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins , so if your must have some sort of gravy , I recommend VitaGravy a bit more . Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog . This creates a `` gravy '' like texture and aroma that most dogs love . Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues , but a great free solution for picky eaters .
 Although my dog fit nicely inside the crate , this crate is not pitbull proof . I give this crate a 2 star rating because it was easy to assemble and had plenty of room for her . BUT , I would not suggest using this crate to confine a pitbull , as it is obviously not made for their strength . My dog managed to push herself hard enough into the door for the door to become unlocked and open . I wish the box had not been so torn up when I received it that I had to throw it away , or I would send it back .
 MY PUPPY CUT HER SNOUT WHILE INSIDE THE CRATE . I CHECKED INSIDE TO SEE WHAT MIGHT HAVE CUT HER AND FOUND THAT ALMOST ALL OF THE WELDS HAD EXTREMELY SHARP EDGES . EACH AND EVERY WELD WOULD HAVE TO BE FILED DOWN . THIS CRATE IS MADE IN CHINA AND THE WORKMANSHIP IS VERY POOR . IF YOU ALREADY HAVE ONE OF THESE CRATES IT WOULD BEHOOVE YOU TO CHECK THE WELDS ALONG THE BOTTOM OF THE CAGE AND ESPECIALLY AROUND THE OPENING OF THE DOORS . IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR PET , DO NOT BUY THIS CRATE.I AM RETURNING MINE.Midwest iCrate Double-Door Folding Metal Dog Crate , 42 Inches by 28 Inches by 30 Inches
 Dog broke out of the cage from multiple areas . Tried using heavy duty tie wraps to stop her , but still not effective . My dog is 70 pound german sheperd mix . Gave up and it is now in the basement . I really need to throw it out . Does not work for my dog .
 Purchased this product for my growing Wheaten Terrier.When it arrived yesterday , I took it out of the box and immediately was able to spot parts of it that were bent and not straight in line on both sides . When I attempted to fold it open -LRB- to make it open into a box -RRB- it would not open at all in the 1 corner . I spent approximately 20 minutes attempting to open it until I realized that corner was bent and manufacturer shoved the separator into the corner and it jammed and bent . This made opening the crate almost impossible . After it was `` finally '' opened , I found that several sides were bent along with neither door lines up properly with the locks.When I shut the doors the entire door just sways due to the depressingly cheap material used . I then have to force the door up to get the locks to go through.While I understand that the price is decent for what you 're getting , the overall product leaves MUCH to be desired .
 Very flimsy and not sturdy . My 11 month old Akita can push the latched door open with ease . Beware the iCrate has a very thin gauge wire . I returned these for a refund .
 Very disappointed in the quality of this crate . I expected it to be like the other I ordered . My other crate has 2 latches for the doors , this one only one and the doors did not close all the way . If a dog wanted out of this crate they could collapse it easily . When I took it out of the box I was surprised how small the wire was and that a couple of them were bent even though the box was not crushed or bent . I really like my Mid-west crate that is the step up from this one with two latches on the doors and much better wire .
 I bought this case 3 months ago to replace a life stages crate and my dog has gotten out of it 6 times in the last month . He 's figured out The sides do n't stay up and the wiring is very flimsy . This was a complete waste of money .
 My sister and I got puppies a little over a week ago . I initially thought these crates were great ! At first , they were exactly what we needed ... a place to put the puppies to sleep and keep when we are n't home . Well , after about 2 or 3 days , my sister 's pup figured out how to unlatch the door and was getting out . After hearing a little squeek in the hall last night , I discovered that my puppy has now figured out how to get out of the crate , as well . These dogs are only 11 weeks old and can get themselves out . We will definitely have to come up with another solution for putting them up because this totally defeats the purpose of a crate ! Wish I had something better to say . : -LRB-
 Received w/broken box , not sealed completely so bottom of crate were bent . I mentioned it but no respond at all , bad customer service . I purchased same item before from other company which sent it w/good condition , I was very satisfied . I do not buy any crate from Amzon.com !!
 This crate seems well made but my dog can easily escape . Gave two stars because its construction seems good . Whats the point though if you cant keep the dog in it ...
 I ordered this crate to fit into a specific space , leaving a margin of error ... it says its 30 '' in length , but its actually a little longer - which means it does n't fit and I have to return it . It looks like it would have worked . too bad .
 we have a 50 pound one year old boxer that the plastic pan broke in half the first time we used the cage . why would you place a rather thin plastic pan in a dog crate . it will cost more to ship the cage back , and stupid to pay for a replacemnt pan that breaks in a dog crate . Very dipappointed in this product . do not buy , , , ,
 When I received this product , I removed it from the box and immediately threw the box away in the local dumpster . Big mistake ! After setting it up 2 days later , I discovered that the plastic pan was cracked but still functional . I had been very pleased with a similar product previously puchased from Walmart -LRB- ASPCA -RRB- , but in a smaller size . Since my 4 month old Border Collie puppy was growing quickly , I definately needed to upsize her crate . An experienced vets assistant helped me with the first assembly . The retainer locks seemed flimsy and proved to not hold the ends together . The puppy easily escaped from its confinement in less than 5 minutes . I am now using plastic electrical ties to keep the pieces together . As you can tell , I am still sorry that I threw the box away and wish that I had explored the gauge of metal & construction in more detail . The double doors and the carrying handle are useful considerations .
 The crate seems decently built , however the lock is too easily opened . Within minutes of leaving our 3-month old chihuahua alone in the crate , with his paw , was able to push the latch and slide it to the unlocked position and quickly push the door open.Update
 The only way I could get this thing assembled witha modicum of strength was to use plastic ties . Someof the welds have sharp points which can injure yourpet . The end door has so much `` slop '' when latchedthat you need to use a twist tie to keep it properlyclosed otherwise even latched you can move it in andout at least 1 to 2 inches . In my opinion it is a poorlydesigned and constructed crate that a strong dog couldmake short work of . I returned it for a refund .
 I had ordered 2 crates , wire ones for my puppy , German Shepherd.They worked great , until the unexpected happened . I was ready and knew that some times dogs/puppies can get out of these , as mine sure did . But I was not expecting her to get her teeth caught in between the really wide spaces with the wires . My poor puppy was screaming and crying , I had to get her loose which was not easy , it left me shaking for an hour after wards . And my poor pup scared . Needless to say , the wire spaces need to be SMALLER . And I went with a plastic carrier type crate for my puppy . Some have complained about the door being to flimsy , but no doubt safer for my puppy . Very disappointed and no longer feel these are safe for ANY dog .
 This crate did n't last my dog one day . The crate is so flimsy , any dog who pulls on the cage can bend the bars , which my 50 lb lab did the first day . Very disappointed . Especially after reading so many good reviews .
 The cage/crate is good in everyway except for the side door . When it is closed , it does n't close flush and leaves a gap of 1-2 inches . That is enough for a dog to get his paw caught in there and seriously hurt it . I ca n't accept the side door like this with my little Yorkie . She hates being in any cage and would stick her leg in there and surely hurt it while we were gone . I should have bought the one door type and I would happy with that . How frustrating .
 This is very poor quality on this crate . I have multiple midwest crates and this must be their budget line . The latches on the side door does not line up properly , making it unusable . It is very cheaply made overall !
 Save your money . These were cheap and did n't last long with two rambunctious dogs . Our Border ate her way through our lab 's collar within a day . They are n't trustworthy for pulling either . For a little dog they would be fine , but for anything over 40lbs . forget it .
 I sprayed as directed , but my Burmese rag doll cat fled from the room . Not for pets easily put off by smell . I will stick with Bach 's Rescue Remedy liquid in his water bowl .
 When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce , my dogs loved it . After a few weeks , they do n't seem to care too much for it anymore . They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while , and will eventually eat it when they are hungry , but they do n't consider it to be a treat anymore . I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced , and low calorie . One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it . They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains . I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce , buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining . VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins , so if your must have some sort of gravy , I recommend VitaGravy a bit more . Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog . This creates a `` gravy '' like texture and aroma that most dogs love . Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues , but a great free solution for picky eaters .
 I had high expectations for this Fly Stik . I have had opportunities for flies to land on it , but they totally ignore it . Too bad .
 We originally had this product hanging in our garage , where we were getting some flies near our recycling bins . It did not catch any flies . They were not attracted to it . We then moved it outside near our garbage cans and it 's caught a few flies , and some bees and wasps too . Mediocre results at best .
 I hung several of these in my barn and the flies ignored it . A beautiful little bird got stuck on one though -LRB- and a bumble bee -RRB- , and once I got him unstuck I 'm not sure that he survived . He lost the majority of his feathers from one wing and his entire back . Poor thing . I wo n't be buying these anymore .
 Shampooed the dog and she still smells like skunk . The internet remedy worked much better.Using the shampoo got rid of the oily substance but not the smell .
 I filled it , attached the tube and inverted the bottle as it should be in use , then the water just steadily dripped . I gave it a while thinking it might need some time for the atmospheric pressure to balance out ; nope , it just leaks wo n't quit.It will go back . Everything else seemed top drawer ; what a shame .
 Please do not buy this bottle !! I bought two for my pet rats -LRB- one as a spare -RRB- and deeply regretted it . Two days after I attached the first water bottle to the cage , I noticed the water level had n't gone down at all , so I tapped the ball with my finger and no water came out ! I tried to refill it , shake it , etc and nothing worked . It would drip a little at first but then it would lock up and not let any water escape after a few seconds or minutes . So I tried the 2nd spare bottle I bought - same thing happened ! Please do not waste your time or money on these bottles - if you 're not careful , your pet could die from dehydration !
 This bottle was very hard to attach to the cage . I can not fill it more than a quarter full or it just slides down the side no matter how tight I attach it . It also leaks a lot . I have to put a dish under it and I frequently find it overflowing and soaking the habitat floor . I sent the company an email to their customer service and never even got a response . I own hundreds of dollars of super pet stuff and am very happy with all of it except this horrible bottle .
 I WAS SO EXCITED TO GET NEW WATER BOTTLES FOR MY BUNNIES AND GUINEA PIG.THIS WAS A POOR CHOICE APPARENTLY . THE METAL MOUTHPIECE IS NOT AT THE CORRECT ANGLE . IT IS NOT LONG ENOUGH TO EXTEND INTO THE CAGE FROM OUTSIDE AND STILL HANG VERTICALLY . OUR OTHER BOTTLES , CRITTER CANTEEN BRAND . . ALSO THE SAME COMPANY ... DO WORK ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE CAGE . SO THIS IS VERY CONFUSING . I THINK THE COMPANY NEEDS TO TAKE A BIT MORE TIME AND CARE IN MAKING SURE THEIR PRODUCT ACTUALLY WORKS BEFORE TRYING TO SELL IT ! THIS IS TRUE FOR THE 32 OZ AND THE 16 OZ BOTTLE SIZES . : - -LRB- I WAS FORCED TO HANG THE BOTTLE INSIDE THE CAGE AND RIG IT WITH AN EXTRA WIRE AROUND THE SPOUT . THE BUNNY WILL PROBABLY HAVE A HOLE CHEWED IN IT WITHIN THE WEEK .
 One bottle was fine , the other was poorly machined and the valve/spout started to leak pretty quickly . Rabbits were thirsty cuz of this malfunction . The plastic is not the same grade you are used to with the Lixit bottles . Buy them instead .
 The water bottle is too big and does not attach to the cage with the little wire coil thing . I now have it propped up with cardboard because it does n't stay up for a second . I have the little tiny version of this and that one works . No happy with the person that designed this and apparently never tested to see if it was usable .
 This water bottle does not work . It leaks . It does not attach to cage properly . I have tried and tried and tried . Sad ! Loved the duck -LRB- hence the 1 star -RRB- .
 I recently -LRB- within 3 weeks -RRB- purchased this for our 15 LB Bichon Frise . She loves to go biking and we wanted to take her on our motorcycle . We used this and she loved it . It worked -- needed a little more space-such as pockets to carry a harness or water bowl . Then we went for a ride and thankfully we stopped - let the dog out to do her business and went to put the backpack on and the strap for no apparent reason failed . We had a good way to go holding the dog in the backpack to get home.The nylon failed right at the point where the upper and lower straps adjust . We did not use this for a long time and it was kept indoors and it was not exposed to any chemicals . It was not carrying too much weight-rated for up to 16 and at other sellers rated to 20 lbs . -- our dog was 15 lbs . I bought this here and do not know how to complain other than this .
 Seems a bit smaller than what the dimensions are . Not very comfortable for the dog and my dog is the same breed as the picture on this item . Would recommend this for a very small dog like a mini dachshund or yorkie but best as a book bag .
 This light was on for about 14 hours a day and burnt out within 30 days . Obviously I am rating this product with 1 star because of the obvious lack of longevity . My cheaper 75 Watt light has lasted much longer and so glad I kept it as a back up ! I am extremely disappointed that this light did not last longer !
 Worked well in the turtle tank , but unfortunately the bulb went out after 2 weeks of use . It was on 10 hours a day .
 Purchased two of these one worked perfectly until it was dropped inadvertenlty , the 2nd did n't light up at all . Amazon exchanged it but the replacement did not light up either . I had heard good things about this light as my older ones -LRB- different brands -RRB- kepts failing after only a couple of months . I ended up switching to a blue light we will see how long this one lasts .
 NO AFFECT AT ALL ... WASTE OF $ 15 . EASY TO USE , BUT ABSOLUTLY NO AFFECT AFTER USING HALF THE BOTTLE . . AND NO RETURNS
 After opening this item i was very happy at the way it looked . I placed the item in my tank -LRB- the entire thing is hollow so food and fish poop colleceted in the bottom of the thing -RRB- after 4 months i took it out to clean the tank and it fell apart and had rotted -LRB- smelled horrid !! -RRB- so if you are looking for long term look else were .
 I truly have mixed reviews for these boots and ultimately warn you to stay away from them.First , the positive news . Of all the boots I 've had for my cocker spaniel , these boots stayed on the best ! The upper part of the boot is made of an elastic nylon that hugs the leg and the Velcro strap is positioned perfectly that prevents the boots from easily slipping off . The boot itself is also wide , so if you have a dog with a wide paw like mine , then the fit is even better . For this , they 're great.The bad news . I live in the city and it is inevitable that my dog will be walking on cement , even when it snows . I use the boots more as protection from the salt than the snow itself . However , the design of the boot is poorly made insofar that the leather sole is thin , and wears out easily AND , worse , the sole does not wrap over the toe . Thus the vinyl uppers wear away immediately . After 2 weeks , I had to tape the toes of the shoes with duct tape -LRB- which , in the snow/wet weather , needs to be replaced regularly -RRB- . I was just so disappointed . When I spend $ 20 or $ 30 for ANYTHING , I 'm expecting more than a one or two time usage of the product .
 I bought this for my 2 dogs , gave as directed 1 dog worked fine , other dog is deathly ill . My vet and I are doing everything possible to save his life . 2 hours after giving to 2nd dog noticed he was lethargic , next I noticed he was having loud gurgling noises from his intestines , then muscle spams , shaking , vomiting , no appetite , refuses to drink . Its been 2 days now and have him on IV fluids and has been a HUGE costly mistake buying this product . If you love your pet do n't risk it . Buying this product has been a costly mistake and may cost me the life one of my little guys . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE !
 If you have a power chewer do not bother with this toy . He loved it but chewed its head off in ten minutes .
 Still too large for our 5 # yorkie . He did n't like them on his feet . The pads are rather stiff and do n't really bend with the paw .
 This is useless if they are not going to send the right size that was ordered . I have 100 pound lab and order the large size but instead received the small ; a complete waste of money .
 The size for ordering 2way dog coupler not given . I wanted the medium size and was not given size options . HELP . Thank you
 My 25 lb . cocker/eskimo had this toy shredded in less than a day . Granted , she does tend to chew her toys up , but I wrongly assumed from the other reviews that this one just might last ... not so !!! If your dog tends to chew up toys , this is not the toy for you !
 My 9 month old labrador loved this toy but in only a couple of hours itcame apart and she tore an eye off . I might be able to re-sew it but I would n't recommend it for a dog that likes to chew things . I have a Dr. Noy soft toy that has held up much better .
 My 25 lb . cocker/eskimo had this toy shredded in less than a day . Granted , she does tend to chew her toys up , but I wrongly assumed from the other reviews that this one just might last ... not so !!! If your dog tends to chew up toys , this is not the toy for you !
 My 9 month old labrador loved this toy but in only a couple of hours itcame apart and she tore an eye off . I might be able to re-sew it but I would n't recommend it for a dog that likes to chew things . I have a Dr. Noy soft toy that has held up much better .
 the outfit was an x-small and it was big on my 6 pound maltese i also had to take off right away cause there was feathers every where .
 My 25 lb . cocker/eskimo had this toy shredded in less than a day . Granted , she does tend to chew her toys up , but I wrongly assumed from the other reviews that this one just might last ... not so !!! If your dog tends to chew up toys , this is not the toy for you !
 My 9 month old labrador loved this toy but in only a couple of hours itcame apart and she tore an eye off . I might be able to re-sew it but I would n't recommend it for a dog that likes to chew things . I have a Dr. Noy soft toy that has held up much better .
 This product was a total disappointment . The water bottle was simply an empty soda bottle and the fountain quit working after a week . What a waste of money .
 I bought a bag of this to try and my parrots will not even go near it . I thought the smaller pellets would have less waste to them , so it was worth a try . I have bought other foods in the past that they ate , but did n't seem enthusiastic about , but at least they would eat it.These pellets smell like bubble gum . I have never purchased a food with such a strong smell . At least the food does n't appear to be loaded with a lot of food coloring to the point it is bright in color . If you have a bird that does n't seem to take to strong candy like flavors this is n't the food to buy .
 I bought this shortly before Christmas last year ; it was on sale for $ 2.99 at the time and I still feel like I was ripped off . Out of the box the `` feathers '' were coming off and the material was so poorly made that Pickles ripped a hole in it within two minutes of having it on -LRB- she was only walking about the house , not biting at the outfit -RRB- . I just happened to see that it 's being sold for $ 14.89 and wanted to warn people away from this cheaply made junk .
 This product is rancid . I have used it for a long time . A new ` use by ' date must have been attached . I know when it 's fresh . I was afraid to give it to my birds and I do n't know how to contact the seller now . I put it in the fridge , as I always do . I have the product for up to a year . It never smelled like this . I 'm extremely unhappy ! A waste of my money .
 We have a picky Cavalier King Charles Spaniel with some digestive issues and he did not like these at all .
 The goldfish 's waste is all slimy in the filter after we started using this food . Other than that it is fine .
 Ever since I started using this fish food for my goldfish , the water has gotten dirtier fast then ever before . I know goldfish are dirty , but the water got dirty less then 2 days ! It also makes the fish poop colorful which I do n't think means anything . I do not recommend this fish food at all . I am switching back to the original food I was giving them .
 I 've been keeping Fancy Goldfish for close to 40 years and if I 've learned anything about these marvelous creatures it 's that they need all the room you can provide , massive water changes and wide variety of sinking foods.Here are the ingrediants for TetraFin : Fish meal - You want to see a specific fish named such as salmon meal or white fish meal -LRB- as with all pet foods -RRB- `` Fish meal '' means the MFG is using whatever is cheapest at market including rancid diseased fish and fish by products.Ground brown rice - The first three ingrediants of ANY pet or fish food should be a specific animal protien - period . Rice is a filler used for weight and volume to the packaging.Torula dried yeast - cheap protien enhancerOat meal - binding agent and fillerShrimp meal - Excellent but is only found in trace amounts in this foodWheat gluten - The number one source for pet food related deaths and recalls in the past 20 years . Works as a binding agent and artifically pumps up crude protien percentageSoybean oil - Few Omega fatty acidsFish oil - Again you want to see a specific fish named like salmon . When a specific animal is n't mentioned it means the manufacturer is buying whatever is cheapest at the time . What is more , this leaves them free to use rancid and diseased fish.Algae meal - Excellent but in very low arounts here.Sorbitol - Artifical sweetner makes food more palatable to fish , can be potentially toxic.Artifical colors including yellow 5 , red 3 , and blue 2 , - Zero nutrional valueethoxyquin . - Ethoxyquin is usually listed as a `` preservtive - however it 's a lethal pesticide . The FDA has banned from dog and cat foods . Studies show ethoxyquin is especially lethal to fish . research Google or simply look it up on Wiki-Pedia and follow the links to the research findings.What is more , flake foods should be avoided at all costs . Most Fancy Goldfish especially deep chested fish like Oranda , Ranch and butterflys are all extremly susceptable to bouyancy issues and swim bladder disease . One of the significant causes of this , is the taking in of air . That said your fish are infinatley better off with sinking foods.Much better commercial foods include those by ZooMed , Aqueon , Omega One , New Spectrum and Hikari .
 I was over at another site and every review sounded like it was written by the Tetramin company . They did n't even sound natural.I tried to post a more objective review -LRB- simply describing my fishes reaction to the flakes with no judgments attached -RRB- and was denied . Could n't post.In fact , my fish tend to ignore this food . I had a food some years ago that my fish of that time -LRB- same species -RRB- ate well . Wish I could remember the name because I would go back to it.Thumbs down for Tetramin 's phoney reviews -LRB- paid shills ? -RRB- and unreliable product .
 we have a simple 50 gal with swords , loaches , white clouds , and tetras . we used up all out tetra crisps flake food and our fish were very healthy at the time . we ran out of the crisps and decided to go with these because of the size and price . big mistake . you get what you pay for . the flakes are not of good quality . our fish do not eat them as well and are losing color now . nothing else has changed in our tank so i blame these flakes . we mix in daphnia , sinking pellets and blood worms when feeding as well . we are switching back to tetra crisps . . its worth it to pay a little more for those .
 It makes the water cloudy and my bettas wo n't even touch it , they 'll try a few but spit it back out and eventually it all falls to the bottom .
 I would not recommand this product . it 's fish food in very thin flakes that make the water very dirty , even though I use a filter in the fish tank . I have stop using it and will not buy it again .
 so where is this pet store ... alaska ?? the shipping and reduced price equal the item cost before the price reduction ... ha
 My Blue Tongue Skink loves snails . I have been feeding him a different brand of canned snails -LRB- that are large a juicy -RRB- and decided to branch out and try this . The snails in this can were so small ... like the size of tiny pebbles . He would n't come near his food bowl . Maybe some reptiles will eat these , but since they are so small they dry up in the food dish within 30 minutes becoming totally inedible .
 THIS REVIEW IS NOT FOR THE PRODUCT AS I HAVE NOT TRIED IT . They would n't ship to me and no explanation of why . I live in San Francisco Bay Area . I do n't know why this product was ` restricted ' from being shipped here .
 These are silkworm Pupa , not silkworms . I ordered silkworms 1.2 oz an recevied a 2.4 oz can that looks like pictured , only when you read the back it says Silkworm Pupa . I wanted worms and these are hard balls , and my bearded dragon will not touch them . He eats previously frozen and thawed crickets without a problem , I have even frozen a few types of worms and thawed them to see if he would eat them dead and he did , I had to wiggle them a little , but he eventually ate them , and once he realized what they were he would chow down . I feed him combinations of live worms and crickets that have been frozen because I really hate live crickets . I have been wanting to order silkworms but am hesitant because of the price and then headache of keeping them alive , special food , etc. . So I saw these and thought it would be great , except they do n't look anything like worms . They are little hard brown balls and my bearded dragon wo n't touch them . I wiggled them in his face , he followed them with his eye and then looked at me like `` what the heck is that supposed to be ? '' . I tried cutting it up , putting it on his greens , mixing it with some crickets , no go , he actually ignored his pile of crickets because these were on top.Also the instructions say that it has to be used within 24 hours , well there are waaay to many to use within 24 hours , It also says to only feed 1 or 2 a day as a treat , So the whole can would go to waist . There are no instructions for refrigerating after opening to preserve freshness or anything like that.Oh , and they smell absolutely awful .
 Both of my cats have longer hair and lots of it . One was taken to the vet because he got pretty sick . Seems hairballs were the problem . I initialy used petroleum jelly . They wo n't just take it off your finger so I rub it onto their paws . They hate it , but that 's why they lick it off.I figured i 'd give this a try . It 's flavored so maybe I could spare pissing them off and they would like licking the stuff right from my finger . This was not the case . So I thought , fine , I 'll just put it on their paws . BAD IDEA . They slung it all over the walls and my bedding . It does n't have the same consistency as petroleum jelly.I have been feeding them food designed to help them pass hairballs . There are a few out there and I recommend you find one they like because you are not going to want the hassle of administering this product as many times as you have to . I recommend petroleum jelly in the mean time . Seems the food takes a little time to start being effective .
 My cats hate this and wo n't touch it . I hoped it would be a good substitute for the petromalt since they changed their formula but it was not . Please note - I just bought petromalt at the store and they are back to barley malt syrup so my cats are back to eating it .
 I 've tried other malt flavored hairball prevention products from online pet product vendors and my cats did n't hesitate to eat them straight from my finger . I have 7 cats , none of whom would take a lick of this product . Even after putting this in the fridge and mushing it up in the tube before dispensing , the goop is way to viscous and drips right off of my finger , leaving a sticky mess on the floor . I ca n't tell you how well it helps with fur balls because my cats wo n't touch this product . I was very optimistic based on the reviews but feel gipped after trying it .
 I bought this because is was reasonably priced and I figured I could use it for a long time . Unfortunately it will expire in 6 months .
 Absolutely Horrible Product.I put this thing in my fish tank and we were gone for 8 days.The thing did not resolve the release any food , only , to murk up the a bit , I am surprised to see that my fish did not die.Don ' t waste your money or time .
 This is much too small . If you want to look at fish as a picture , buy a picture . Otherwise get a real aquarium .
 This and any other aquariums with the same design fail to tell customers that for a fish to be healthy , the tank it 's in has to have a wide surface area . What 's wide about a 3 inch by 20 inch surface area?The fish also have no room to turn around . Most fish will grow larger than the few inches this tank allows.You ca n't fit a siphon in it , which means you ca n't remove the poop from the tank , which means the built-up ammonia will kill your fish in a short amount of time .
 When I received this product , several things where broken including the ramp , so we ca n't use the ledge . The instructions where very hard to understand , also . It is not as easy to clean as I thought & it leaks all over the place if you do n't clean it daily & is not deep enough to keep my walls clean.Not thrilled with this expensive purchase -RRB- :
 Do not buy from this person . I never got my order and they would never return ant of my E-mails . Very bad person to order from . Stay away from this person !!!!!
 I ordered this crate pad thinking it would be easier to keep clean than the big pillows I was using , well it is paper thin & bunches up every time my dogs step into their crates , so they 're sleeping on the hard plastic crate liner instead . I even noticed my jack russell shivering in the middle of summer b/c this did n't hold in any body heat . Within 2 days they were finding their old beds in our spare room & climbing over boxes to snuggle up in them again . They were clearly unhappy with this replacement . On the 3rd day these were thrown in the closet - what a waste of money !!
 I have had several algae scrapers through the years and this is far and away the worst . What makes or brakes these scrapers is the head that holds the straight blade . This scraper does not properly hold the blade which results in the blade often times getting covered or so loose that you ca n't scrape anything but the very thinnest of films off of your tank . If you are thinking of buying a scraper ... . buy a different one .
 My dog has an eye disorder and has been wearing K 9 Optic sunglasses for probably 8-9 years now and tolerates them extremely well - no problems at all . NOW , they are NO LONGER AVAILABLE in X large -LRB- my dog weighs 95 pounds and has a broad bridge/nose -RRB- . I tried the other glasses , the ones that have five holes on the sides and are completely closed in all around and he HATES them . These glasses do not allow for any air to circulate and his eyes get hot and sweaty and he constantly fights wearing them . How would YOU like to wear sunglasses that fit snuggly right up against your face with no possibility of air circulating ?
 I was really looking forward to trying these on my dog . She 's a rescue Husky with cataracts and at almost 6 years old , has impaired vision . She 's an anxious dog who seemed calmed by my covering her eyes . I saw an ad for Doggles and thought they would both give her relief and offer protection . She tolerated them being on longer than I expected while indoors and when I took her outside , she kept them on for about ten minutes , just sitting , looking around . She really seemed to be enjoying them . When she finally brushed them off , they landed on the cement walkway , from about 3 inches . When I picked them up and looked at and through them , they were visibly scratched . I had only opened the package a half hour before . I have n't put them back on because if the lenses are that fragile and prone to scratching , what will they look like in a day ? A week ? I know I can buy more lenses but really ??? They are n't like human glasses , kept in a case . Why are n't they made to last more than a half hour ? Are they only intended for use in the soft grass ?
 Our husky just pulled and pulled , it did n't seem to help at all . And then he chewed through it . YAY
 I loved the idea of this harness because I had tried the muzzle type of gentle leader and my dog -LRB- lab -RRB- still pulled . But I noticed after using this harness for 2 weeks that my dog developed a raised and bleeding welt under his front leg -LRB- where the harness loops under his chest -RRB- . As a result , I am back to a regular collar .
 After searching and trying numerous harnesses and collars that would prevent my one year old Weimaraner from pulling , I thought I had found a winner in the Premier Easy Walk Pet Harness . I was thrilled with it the first time I used it , but the honeymoon was soon over . After my first walk without my dog pulling , I got home and removed the harness . There was blood on the part that latches under the dogs chest and I quickly became concerned . I looked under the dog where his front legs meet his chest , and his skin had been rubbed raw . My vet also sells this item and I had an appointment that night , so I took the harness with me to ensure that I had it fitted correctly . She assured me that I did and this is a common problem with this harness . There is a flaw in the design and they do not fit well for all dogs and she does n't recommend them for Weims . I would highly advise looking for another solution if you have an athletic dog with long legs . I switched to a British-style slip collar that my trainer recommended and we are now both walking happily with no pain .
 I got a petite for my 8.5 pound chihuahua , which is what the sizing guide recommended . It fits fine , but it is not possible to get it to look like the instructions . -LRB- too small ? -RRB- That 's not a big deal . But a big annoyance is the fact that any adjustments i make do not hold . They loosen after about 2 minutes , so i think i 'm going to have to make the adjustments permanent by stitching the straps together . Also , I need to buy a new leash or hook because most hooks hang too low and she ends up tripping on the leash.But , it does work , and she no longer pulls .
 I got the extra small for my 8ld pomeranian . I had to tighten it and the straps keep loosening . I will tighten again and it works loose again.The concept and style are great - just not the fit/design for the clasps .
 I tried several sizes and none seem to work well for my dog . He has a broad chest . He 's a mini pin/chi mix so not sure what is going on , but it appears to fit but when we go on walks and he gets at all excited , tries to run , even go # 2 , after it seems his legs get caught in the harness . It 's hard to describe in words , but it did n't work for him .
 I bought this harness on recommendation from our trainer at Petco because my boxer mix pulls like a train when she wants to go . She 's brachiocephalic -LRB- short nosed -RRB- so a gentle leader would n't work well as she just pushes it off . Even with extensive anti-pulling training , she 's a strong willed dog and will pull given the chance.At first , this harness was ok . It did n't fit well because she was too big for a medium and too small for a large , even with all the adjustments in proper places . I fit her as best I could , but the harness still rubbed the bottom side of her leg raw from irritation , especially if she wanted to pull.After less than 4 months , the adjustments did n't hold and the harness slipped back to a loser fitting which only adds to the irritation it causes . I 've e-mailed the manufacturer and their response was that I was n't putting it on her properly -LRB- which I 've checked multiple times and followed their instructions completely -RRB- . I would recommend looking at a head collar more similar to -LSB- ... -RSB- . I picked this one up and it is much better than the harness .
 I hate to give negative reviews , but I feel that if I was looking for a solution to something , I 'd like to read what someone else has experienced with a product . I adopted a German Shepherd/Husky from the shelter . He loves to go on long walks . So when he was smaller I used to take him several times a day for long walks . Then as he started to get older he 'd pull like crazy , so I 'd only try and take him on 2 walks , with my girlfriend taking him on 1 . His pulling got so bad , that she no longer can walk him , and I 'm down to walking him once a day at night , due to walking him being so horrible -LRB- it has started to damage my rotator cuff -RRB- . We got this product , in the hopes that we could go back to walking him a lot like before . But this harness is a product that doesnt count on the dog adapting to it . While putting this on the dog , I watched the video on how to properly fit it . So it is not one of those things where I just put it on him wrong . Even when properly put onto the dog , he pulls like a beast . Siberian Huskies have that instinct to pull , so yea we didnt have a good experience with this harness . Also before this one we tried the one that goes around his face , and with 3 different people trying to put it on him , he still managed to get it off himself every time . So needless to say I am not exactly thrilled with this line up of products . I hope that my review helped a bit .
 for a big dog , having the leash clip on in the front would be fine , but for my little terrier it means the leash 's metal clip bangs around his chest and leg area . Get a harness like the Sporn , that clips on top . If you did buy this one though , put part of the leash you are meant to hold , through the harness 's medal ring so that it 's reversed and the metal clip is at the end you hold . I did that for a while , now I am just going to get a new harness , though because this harness is also kind of awkward to put on and off .
 The right buckle keeps irritating my dog 's right leg . We tried tightening the harness , and its still not quite right . We have a feeling that this harness was designed for more ` typical ' shaped dogs . Ours is short but long . Our dog also slipped out of it a couple of times which was quite dangerous.We have tried fitting it to him a couple of times , adjusting everything we could and following instructions , and it just is n't quite right . We bought a medium based on the girth size , and maybe we should have gotten a small . But this would still not solve the problem of the right buckle that is so close to the leg . -LRB- We noticed that the instructions with the images never shows the right side of the dog 's body too with the not-so well placed buckle . -RRB-
 Our dog much prefers this harness to his other leads and we like it too . We had some problems with the fit but the customer service rep helped get the fit right over the phone and through email . Good company . FYI
 It took only three days of wear for this piece of junk to break . I will never buy another product from that manufacturer .
 I purchased two of these and both have already broken . If your dog will play in this or run through woods or do anything semi aggressive with this harness on it will fail . I had one of these a couple years ago that tore and had it restitched , thought it was just a bad one . However , the new one I got seriously only lasted a week . Look elsewhere if you plan on actually using this thing on anything over 20 pounds .
 The harness does help , but does not prevent dog pulling . You do not feel the pulling as much but my dog still pulls on the leash and tries to be ahead of me , he still does not `` heal '' at all . He does walk better with the harness , but if your dog is anxious and is determined to walk ahead , chase squirels etc , this will not do much to help you as you will still have to restrain htem .
 This did n't stop my dog from pulling , tugging like it says . I have a lab/pit mix , his chest is big , so maybe I got the wrong size , or needed an inbetween size , it rubbed the skin off his legs just like all the other reviews said it would , from now on I will not buy anything that has poor reviews .
 I had initially bought the medium size and found it way too big for my beagle mix puppy even though her weight range was in the `` medium dog '' size . I had completely tightened everywhere I could and it hung off of her . My husband was supposed to return it but never did so I ordered the `` small '' figuring we 'd have better results.The size discrepancy between the two sizes was ridiculous ! The small was so tiny even fully extended for it 's full size that it would n't even go half way around her chest area . We still had the medium to compare it too . As it had been awhile since we bought the medium and she had grown a bit more we tried it on our dog again and although still big it was n't as loose as it had been but it still did not fit tightly as the instructions told you to adjust it . It was quite loose around both her back and around the front and the only part that we could adjust it enough so it was fitted right was around her belly area . I ended up gathering up some of it across her back and sewing a few stitches in it to get it to be as snug as the directions indicated.Although the front was still a bit loose we decided to give it a try and took her out for her walk . Seemed to make the walks much better as she was still pulling but not as much as she had been and the walks were much easier with her being much easier to control . So that was a few days ago . Went to put the harness on her today and noticed that the part of the harness where you attach the leash the material there had split halfway through and if I had n't noticed it I 'm sure it would have ripped the rest of the way and my puppy would have been loose . Glad I noticed because we not only live on a busy street we live in a heavily wooded area with a marsh in the back and lots of coyotes and we never want her to be off her leash for fear she could get hit by a car or disappear into the woods.So definitely a one star for me , product does seem to work but the discrepancy from the small to medium makes it impossible to find a size that will fit properly and the fact that it was in danger of breaking all the way through after just a few outings is really bad . I did sew up the tear and will continue to use it but will be checking it constantly to make sure it has n't started to rip through again .
 After making all the adjustments to the harness , we set out on a walk . For a few days it worked really well . However , the adjustments on the front of the harness will not stay adjusted . It becomes loose and ineffective . The leash also rubs on the dog 's leg . After about a week , I noticed hair loss on the outside of the dog 's leg . Fortunately , that 's all that occurred . If I 'd used it any longer , there would be sores on her leg , too.I hate that it did n't work for my dog . Now , we 're back with the Martingale collar and leash . She was doing pretty well with it most of the time . However , now it seems we are starting all over again with the training after using the harness .
 I read one review saying it injured their dogs , but since the majority of the reviews were positive I ignored it . I was so excited at the prospect of a walk with out the possibility of getting yanked off my feet I threw caution to the wind . My dogs are both 42lbs a Blue Heeler and a Scottie mix they are extremely active and strong and love to run , I prefer to walk . After adjusting the harness according to the instructions we went for an hour walk . I thought they worked great however when we returned home I discovered they both had been rubbed bloody under the armpits and the Scotty mix on top of his back he has very thick fur so I was amazed . I made covers for the straps with faux sheepskin and after their wounds healed I tried again it 's working but I wish I had paid attention to the other review .
 The constriction on my dog caused him to sit . He did n't pull very hard but it was enough to make him not want to go forward . He later slipped out of it and chewed through one of the straps rendering it completely useless . The product is described as for Large dogs so I would think they 'd use a material not so easily chewed through not merely making it large enough to fit around the pet . I will not be replacing it .
 This harness fits differently than other harnesses . The leash ring is in the front -LRB- on the dog 's chest -RRB- , not on his back . The way you have to put it on the dog is a little awkward for me , and I found it difficult to get on my dog very quickly -LRB- especially when he is excited -RRB- . I might have gotten used to this later , but my dog could wiggle out of it in seconds when sitting . For example , when I picked my dog up from the vet , I put the harness on him and put him in the car . By the time that I had gotten to the driver 's side of the car and opened my door , he had wiggled out of the harness .
 This is not the easiest harness to use . It does n't stay on my dog too well . I use it under his regular harness or I put on a sweater on my dog so that the easy walk harness wo n't come off . I plan to use the easy walk harness short-term until my dog learns to walk with me instead of pulling ahead of me .
 Our vet saw this on the dog and strongly recommended that we stop using it . She said it 's putting pressure on tendons , changing the dog 's gait and will eventually cause problems . It is not as easy to use as other harnesses and it definitely does not discourage her pulling behavior .
 These are a good idea , but they just do n't work . I got two of the same size -LRB- based on chest measurements -RRB- for for my 80lb and 50lb dogs . I was unable to adjust either of them to fit accurately . On one dog the breast piece was too loose and got in the way of her legs . On the other dog the girth piece would not go back far enough and caused pretty serious scrapes and burns in his armpits . They would work a lot better if they were like a regular harness with this tightening feature in the front , but they have no support or neck attachment so they just do n't work . I returned them and got Haltis instead . I later learned that Halti makes a harness almost the same as these , but is has a neck strap ! I am sure they work much better than this one based on how great the Haltis are compared to other halter brands .
 it is not strong enough for my GSD . He is 11 months and 80lbs . this harness do some work like preventing him to pull somehow . But it just worn out in 3 days . I will upload a photo and return it .
 I bought this for my 88-lb lab that is super strong -LRB- and strong-willed -RRB- when it comes to pulling on the leash . I 've done everything the instruction indicated and it did n't work at all . My lab was a little restrained , but he still was able to easily pull and dash off when he sees a squirrel or another dog . We just had to return it . We 're working on leash manners the old-fashioned way . Hopefully , my arm will stay in tact before our dog learns how to heel . : -RRB-
 My dog and I run between three and six miles a day . This harness would tear him apart if I used it ! I just received it , and after putting it on him realized that I had made a mistake in ordering it . This harness fits terribly , the buckle of the under strap sits directly in his `` armpit '' area . It does work well for walking , my large lab hardly pulled at all , but taking him for more than a brief stroll while wearing this would certainly injure him .
 wont last i have a Siberian husky and she pull and it ripped . buy a leather one instead if you have a big dog . only good for chihuahuas .
 My dog definitely did not like this product . There 's not much else I can say except he would not walk in it and seemed extremely uncomfortable . I did return it , and would not recommend this for larger , stockier built dogs as no matter how it was adjusted , it did not work out .
 At first , we liked this harness for our 5 year old 75 lb . lab mix . Previous to this we tried a harness that clipped on the back -LRB- did n't stop pulling AT ALL -RRB- as well as a gentle leader head harness -LRB- the dog hated it so much he would lay down in the middle of walks to try and paw it off his face -RRB- . But after two years of use , it is only slightly better than walking him with a choke chain collar . The product promises that it will stop the dog from pulling - well not in this case . Our dog has gotten smart and will now just do this weird crab-walk to avoid the pull of the harness . So regardless of whether our dog is just too smart or the harness is just plain useless , it has not worked for us . I 'm in the market for a new one now , because he is terrible on-leash . He gets very excited around other dogs and wants to chase squirrels and birds when he sees them . The harness also has a terrible habit of loosening up during walks , which means it has to constantly be adjusted and tightened during our 45 minute to an hour walks . The color is nice -LRB- we have the red one -RRB- , it has held up well -LRB- even with a few runs through the washing machine -RRB- , and is fairly durable - hence the 2 stars . However , it does not perform as promised .
 Edited from 2 stars to 1 star
 Hard to use do not like how it fits around my dogs chest seem very uncomfortable for her to walk . Good quality well made product
 this did not reduce pulling . he just learned to pull sideways . Could not get a great fit , medium too small , large too big . Had to readjust every time I used it . Will not use again , dog hurt shoulder pulling sideways the last time i used it . Seemed to hurt him more than it helped .
 Being that Farley is a Doberman . . he 's not very hairy . This really rubbed his little armpits on our first walk . I felt so bad when I saw how raw they got . I now cover that section with fuzzy socks so they do n't chafe.Aside from that it works ok . He does still pull but at least he 's controllable.Don ' t think I 'd recommend for a non hairy breed and not sure it really works for serious pullers ... but like I said , it does make them a bit more manageable .
 The harness works well . My extra-large dog stopped pulling immediately making walks more enjoyable for both of us . As mentioned is some of the other reviews , this product works great when the dog is pulling ; not when you are trying to pull the dog in a certain direction . I had no issues with hair loss or rashes on my dog 's underbelly due to this harness.The bad thing is the quality is not that good . The harness has started fraying near the ring that the leash attaches to . I have had the product for less than a month and am disappointed that very soon the fraying will get worse and I the harness then becomes unusable . Bad quality materials used for this .
 My beagle has improved a lot with leash training but still pulls like mad when on the scent . This harness worked well , discouraging most minor pulling . I was pleased - until she caught scent of a rabbit and escaped in two seconds . Also , the straps loosened while walking . For safety we will be using a combo harness/martingale collar and two leashes.Update
 After getting home from a long walk , I noticed a massive red line running across my dogs chest . Under her armpit was an awful area of swollen red leash burn . I 'll be getting her a better harness before we do any more walks .
 I purchased 7 of these collars . Have put them on 4 so far and 2 are missing already so I put one on another dog and watched . They pull on the tightener part around the neck until it 's loose and step right out of them . I thought they would be perfect for leading , but now I have to go out in my 2 acre dog pen and search for 2 of them . Just hope your dog likes it because it was really simple for them to loosen it up and take it off . And just a note , it was 2 different breeds that did it.UPDATE
 My german shepherd is very active and after she needed surgery after CCL , I thought I would try this instead of using the choker chain collar . She tends to pull me and after surgery I was trying to prevent any pressure or pulling on the hind leg as it recovers . However , I tried two different sizes -LRB- she is a small shepherd , around 65 pounds -RRB- . The medium/large was a little too big and the medium is a little too small . So I compromised and went with the snugger fit . I was walking her and another unleashed dog came charging after my dog . My dog turned around at me and squirmed her way out of the harness -LRB- very similiar to taking a shirt off over your head -RRB- . The next thing I knew , she was loose . We live 3 blocks from a major highway . Thank God , I finally caught her half a block from the highway . I was uneasy about trying this but several vets recommended me using something different than the choker collar . Several of them recommended the head type harness also supplied by gentle leader . When I saw this body harness , I felt a little safer . After this incident , I am going back to the choker collar . Never go against you instincts . You know your dog .
 I did not like the leash clipping in the front of the chest . Amazons return policy is very good and easy .
 After much time spent putting this on my puppy and taking it off for adjustments I tried taking her for a walk with this and the poor puppy could n't walk right . The distance between the chest strap and the belly strap somehow was n't long enough even with excessive adjustments and she did n't get a full range of motion from her front legs . I did try one of the anti-pull leashes from this same brand and found they worked much better . They have an attachment that goes around the puppy 's nose and kind of turns her around when she pulls . I 'd say buy that instead of this if you have a Bichon or similar type of dog .
 I bought this as a recommendation from a dog trainer , unfortunately it really does n't work well with my big dog . She is still able to pull me . I can see how it might work if you have a dog that is n't strong bodied or strong minded , but if yours is , this product really wo n't work . It may work after my dog is better trained but that kind of defeats the purpose behind buying it in the first place .
 This harness absolutely worked as promised . For approximately two days , my 35 lb , 10 mo old wheaten terrier would immediately ease off pulling when wearing it . I was thrilled . On day three we were on a road trip and I kept the harness off of him while in the car and when we hopped out of the car and my guy 's excitement could n't be contained so I asked my husband to grab the harness and put it on him . Within 30 second of standing there by a busy road , my pup had sliced through the thing and run to see my sister . Thank goodness he ran right to her . I had never left him unattended with the harness . I had never left it on him other than on our daily walks when he was supervised . It was intact when we placed it on him -- and it was chewed through in under one minute . He has never chewed through another leash or collar other than this harness.I wrote an email to the manufacturer and they offered to replace it for a small fee if I shipped the ruined one back . I appreciated the offer , but worry that their form-letter response email illustrates the frequency of similar occurrences and I fear for my dog 's safety . I decided that I will not get another harness from them . I have since purchased the akc no pull harness which has been great so far .
 I order two harness for my dogs , I dont like it because it comes off of his bodies , both are huge . Much larger than a regular size large .
 Premier ECO Easy Walk Dog Harness , Small/Medium , Fern GreenThis harness will not stay on my small dog . Her legs are too short and come out of the harness frequently . Her chest is too low to the ground for a front hook up.The Premier Harness for Medium-Large dogs works better but is not adjustable for my medium Lab mix . I make them work by turning them over but lose the control feature .
 Mine is in the garbage . It is impossible to fit and to get on the dog . Once on the walk , the leash gets tangled as he turns , because it is attached in the front against his chest . It would only work well if I walked in front of him . I will stick with a traditional harness with the leash attached on the top of his back . I feel much more in control and my big dog is much more comfortable .
 Bought this for my 70-pound Irish Wolfhound mix . Fortunately , I tried the collar around the house first . Literally ten seconds after putting it on him , my dog had managed to get it in his mouth and he chewed it in three places . It did n't stand up to being in his mouth for this very short period of time . Tried walking him around anyway just to try it out . Did n't keep him from pulling at all . The whole collar just shifted to one side . Now I do n't know if I can get a refund due to the chew marks .
 Pay atention to the fitting , the harness actually wrap around the front legs closely & unnaturally . My dog got very uncomfortable in activities , and I believe it 's unsuitable for active dogs . Just imagine put something like this on human bady under arms and try do exercises .
 I tried this contraption with my 75 pound golden retriever while training him to heel at my side and I was thoroughly disappointed . It is somewhat restrictive even when not correcting the dog , so it was not ideal for long walks , and I found the corrective action of the device to be substantially less than the more traditional `` spiked '' corrective collars.I ultimately was much more satisfied with the combination of a traditional harness and a corrective collar for occassional corrections , while not fiddling with this thing for 3 miles .
 It rubs my dog a , pitbul , raw right behind her front legs . I bought it so it would take the stress off her neck but im going back to a collar this time at least 1.5 inches to distribute the pressure off her neck .
 This is the only harness available at my local pet supply store so I 've been giving it a go despite its flaws . Like most of the other negative reviewers I agree that the harness only works for the first week and then a dog gets used to it and pulls again.But perhaps the biggest flaw is that the fabric ring band in front of the chest wears down and breaks apart within a few months if your dog is a real puller . I 've had to buy the same lead three times since it kept breaking.My next harness will not be an Easy Walk harness for this reason alone .
 This harness did nothing to stop/reduce pulling . I know it worked for a lot of people based on comments here but I bought two for m two puppies and they still pull on walks
 This was recommended by my dog trainer as a way to help my anxious 45-pound dog -LRB- a rescued stray who in uncomfortable around traffic and general city activity -RRB- be calmer on leashed walks . While it works well for general training and for deterring pulling on a non-eventful walk , I found that if my dog gets anxious or excited and pulls , the harness tightens up into his armpits and loses it 's effectiveness . Unless I stop and adjust it , my dog just gets used to the discomfort of the tension on his tender parts and continues to pull . That annoyance and the fact that he hates to have the harness put on him -- and the pink skin I see in his armpits after a walk -- has led me to conclude that this is not for him . I switched to the Sporn halter -LRB- an upwards correction , and fleece-covered arm straps -RRB- with good results.Another huge annoyance of the comfort harness is the attachment clips . They do not release easily , especially with my mildly arthritic hands . The darned thing is not easy to put on , either.My general impression of this halter is that it 's most appropriate for a headstrong dog who does know how to do a loose heel but wo n't comply unless constantly reminded . I 'd suggest that users do the kind thing and line the straps that go behind your dog 's legs with fleece . Imagine how those straps would feel in your armpits .
 I had to return 2 of these harnesses -LRB- and got dinged a 20 % restocking fee from this seller - on top of the cost of shipping both ways -RRB- . This harness does not work with all dogs . Both my dogs fit the `` girth measurement '' but the loop where the leash attaches drags on the ground . My two dogs were able to walk out of the thing and kept getting their front legs tangled up . Also there is one dimension where the harness ca n't be adjusted so you might find , as I did , that the girth measurement is correct , but it still is too big for your dog . The description should have warned the owners of `` short '' dogs that this would not be a good choice.If you want to try this out on your dog , buy it from a dealer who will refund ALL the purchase price without a 20 % restocking fee . It 's too risky otherwise .
 I was introduced to this product by our dog trainer - she highly recommended it for our dog 's pulling problem . While it DOES work at redirecting the dog 's weight when he pulls , it also rubs his underarm area severely . We 've tried to refit it and we purchased the right size , but to no avail . Almost all of his underarm hair is rubbed off and our dog can not sit on command while wearing this product without it digging into his underarms even more . He HATES this product -LRB- goes running when he sees it -RRB- and we feel like we 're hurting him just by using it . I understand that it 's a good training device , and for that we are grateful , but it causes so much discomfort and pain that we rarely use it anymore .
 I was really excited for this harness to arrive because I 'd read so many great reviews about it . I measured my dog -LRB- a mixed breed -RRB- before placing the order according to the size chart on the packaging and found my dog could fit two possible sizes . After debating between the Med/Large and Large , I opted for the smaller size . When I put it on her , I found that after adjusting it as small as I could it was still too big . I ended up returning it , but I must say that I was really impressed with Amazon 's return policy . -LRB- This was the first time I 've had to return anything . -RRB- Just a couple of days after sending it back , I already had been refunded.If I decide to buy another one , I think I 'm going to buy one from a store so I can make sure it fits her properly .
 The harness did n't really stop my dog from pulling . I have a very energetic 45 lb mixed breed that is n't well socialized or leash trained . I was hoping this would help with the latter . It did deter her from pulling , but not without constant pressure and redirection from me . And it did very little to discourage her when she saw a squirrel or a mouse that looked worth chasing . I did n't lose control of her , but my arm was definitely sore when we got home . We went for a mile walk for the test run , and I checked her immediately for signs of irritation that many other users have reported . She had a big red spot under her leg , no broken skin or lost fur , but I will not put her through that again .
 I got this for my dogs because they pull at times . I got it in the mail today . I did what the instruction said and the fitting correctly . I took them for a walk and when I got home and took the easy walker harness off , BOTH of my dogs were bleed under there front legs . WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!
 My dog got what looked like carpet burns under her arms . This product can not be easily adjusted and when you do adjust it , it does not always stay that way . Plus the part on the front of the harness can not be adjusted at all . These kind of harnesses are horrible if you have a puller because it only gives the dog a broad band to pull with . Basically , your dog gets stronger if you have a band around their chest and it makes walking horrible .
 Well made and quite sturdy but had absolutely no effect on my 60 pound pup . He still pulled as if he was part ox , perhaps even more so since he was able to put the full power of his chest into the pull .
 I 'll cut to the chase . My 2 bulldogs escaped these harnesses the first time they wore them outside of my house while @ the park . They have been raised since pups wearing harnesses , & they are my 3rd & 4th bullies so I know what I 'm dealing with . The straps were as snug as I could safely make them . -LRB- The `` non-pulling '' properties were marginal @ best , for my strong pullers -RRB- . The 50 pounder bolted out of hers when she saw another dog , as I was running after her , the 40 pounder slipped out of her 's en route . Fortunately I was eventually able to grab them , but it was a near disaster . Observe the design of this harness carefully , it 's a very `` open design '' . If your dog is strong , determined , and has a smooth coat , he will escape . It is NOT a secure harness . Soon as I got back home I went and plopped down 100 $ and bought 2 of the `` Ruff Wear Web Master Harnesses '' . Their the ones I wanted in the first place , but was trying to save a buck . For me , a harness absolutely has to be secure and in-excapable , it 's more important than whether or not their pulling . The `` Easy Walk 's '' minimalistic design needs serious improvement .
 Nope , does n't work , not for me anyway . I have an Aussie Shepherd . She 's a great dog , well behaved , obedient , but when she 's out for a walk , and there 's another dog , or another animal , particularly squirrels , she just does n't hear me ! I was really hoping this would bring her under better control , but it does n't . : - -LRB-
 I AM NOT HAPPY WITH THIS COMPANY ! Slowest shipping ever . I ordered my products over a week ago and when i tracked them with the tracking number provided they are still 2 days out . I needed these and i am still waiting . I will never buy from this company again . I foster for a rescue and train them to help them get adopted faster . I am always in need of these kind of items and i will not be purchasing from this company again if this is the way they handle their shipping .
 Bought this for my 100 pound 1 year old lab . It rubbed under his front paw `` armpit '' so bad it left a bad mark . I would n't advise buying a harness like this . It needs some kind of padding for the dog .
 I purchased the Premier Easy Walk Harness in a M/L based upon the fact that the M was too small and the L was too large and could n't find the M/L at a local store . It was sent to me from Entirely Pets - the harness was too small even though the size chart on the side of the package stated that it should fit . When I called for a return authorization I was told that if you tried on the item then you could not return it . I am shocked - PetCo , PetSmart , all local pet suppliers do not have this policy . DO NOT PURCHASE FROM ENTIRELY PETS - unbelievable that they will not return items . I asked how you can know if an item fits without trying it out and the gentleman was unable to answer my question . AVOID THIS COMPANY !
 My English Mastiff pulls and goes after anything with four legs , and takes me along with her . I had high hopes about this harness for my big girl after it was recommended by a trainer . It was pretty hard to fit to her , but I finally got it just right -LRB- and the trainer checked the fit -RRB- . After about a week of use I noticed that she had a large welt across her belly and had oozing open wounds under her front legs . Right where the harness rubbed on her . The pulling never really got any better with the harness , but I was able to get her under control when she went after things . The search continues ...
 I have this dog halter in size extra small and small . The small is too large and the extra small too small . I have now invested approximately $ 60.00 and do not have a halter that fits . My dog is a cockapoo and weighs 10 lbs .
 Yep , totally agree with the other reviews about dogs with short legs , the second my corgi saw a squirrel , she was out of it . It 's too bad , because in the about 30 seconds before she figured out how to get out of it , it really did work .
 Waste of money . Good product but poor design in my opinion . Constantly has to be tightened . What a shame .
 As a professional dogwalker , I must say that this product is a huge pain , and the `` Easy Walk '' is a gross misnomer . The leash hooks at the dog 's chest , which means it CONSTANTLY gets caught behind one of or both of the dog 's front legs . If the dog is in front of you , walking at a normal pace , you have to constantly hold the leash up and/or lay it across the dog 's back so it does n't get caught in the dog 's legs . If it 's a smaller dog , the metal clip part of the leash bangs against its legs making it walk sideways . Any time one of my clients buys one of these harnesses , I put it on upside down -- so the leash clips on the dog 's back and I 'm able to comfortably walk the dog without these problems . I do n't request that they change back to the old harness , but they usually do so on their own when they discover how difficult it is to walk their dogs while using this product .
 I was very happy with this harness for the first two walks -LRB- a little over an hour each -RRB- . Then I noticed welts under her front legs where the chest strap wraps around . For the most part she did n't pull hard , but it was enough . We did have some trouble fitting her -LRB- she has a medium sized body with a large build -RRB- , so that could be the issue . Any way , we had to take it back and are now trying a Halti harness .
 I have had the Easy Walk Harness for 7 months and it recently broke during a walk . The black plastic clip broke apart so you can no longer fasten the harness . That is truly poor construction.On the plus side , while it worked , the harness did do the job of stopping my dog from pulling . They just need to improve the quality of the materials.Would not recommend this .
 We purchased this item to stop our 25-pound beagle from pulling on walks . She absolutely would not accept a gentle leader , so this was suggested as an alternative . PetCo and PetSmart do n't stock this size , so I ordered it from Amazon.Poor little Jessie - one walk , and it rubbed under her front legs raw . After she heeled , I made a fleece pad for it to try to stop the rubbing . Despite the fleece , she was still red under her legs -LRB- the area I would consider an `` armpit '' if she was a human -RRB- after a walk . Needless to say , we gave up at that point.I wish there was an altenative to a gentle leader to help her walk better on a leash , but this definitely is not it .
 I have a 90 lb . Lab/Rhodesian Ridgeback mix who does not have very good leash manners . My arm was getting worn out from being dragged around and I had met several other large dog owners at the dog park who swear by the Easy Walk harness so I thought we 'd give it a shot . Sam has the Rhodesian body style with a broad chest/stomach that tapers and gets smaller toward the hind end . I measured around the biggest part and compared that to the measurement chart , which said we should get a Large . We got it , put it on and it does what it is supposed to do ... it curbed the pulling almost immediately.However , after just a short 10 minute stroll at the park , I noticed it was already chaffing and had rubbed some bald spots where the belly strap was . I tried readjusting several times . The strap was as loose as it could be , it was just a matter of where/how the harness and connection points rode on his body . If the chest strap had been longer where we could adjust the whole thing back a few inches so the belly strap would be behind the broad part of his belly , I think this would have worked really well for us . However , the benefit of no pulling is n't worth it to me if it means my dog will experience sores , chaffing , and discomfort . If you have a broad chested dog , I 'd highly recommend ordering from someone with a very lenient return policy just in case !
 This harness does n't control a dog any better than putting your lead on the front ring of a regular harness . Also , it allows the dog to escape .
 This is poorly designed . The materials are strong and it is a worthy harness , but it does n't work as advertised . Nothing will keep your dog from pulling on you except good training and a lot of love.I returned this harness for a refund . The refund was prompt and no questions were asked about my credibility.I have replaced this harness with a leash , compassionate training , and firm but loving eye contact . My dog behaves very nicely now , but he is still a dog , and dogs do what dogs do when they get excited . Never expect a gadget to make your life easier . It takes work , time , and a lot of love to get your dog to behave the way you want him/her to .
 I had to return 2 of these harnesses -LRB- and got dinged a 20 % restocking fee from this seller - on top of the cost of shipping both ways -RRB- . This harness does not work with all dogs . Both my dogs fit the `` girth measurement '' but the loop where the leash attaches drags on the ground . My two dogs were able to walk out of the thing and kept getting their front legs tangled up . Also there is one dimension where the harness ca n't be adjusted so you might find , as I did , that the girth measurement is correct , but it still is too big for your dog . The description should have warned the owners of `` short '' dogs that this would not be a good choice.If you want to try this out on your dog , buy it from a dealer who will refund ALL the purchase price without a 20 % restocking fee . It 's too risky otherwise .
 I had to return 2 of these harnesses -LRB- and got dinged a 20 % restocking fee from this seller - on top of the cost of shipping both ways -RRB- . This harness does not work with all dogs . Both my dogs fit the `` girth measurement '' but the loop where the leash attaches drags on the ground . My two dogs were able to walk out of the thing and kept getting their front legs tangled up . Also there is one dimension where the harness ca n't be adjusted so you might find , as I did , that the girth measurement is correct , but it still is too big for your dog . The description should have warned the owners of `` short '' dogs that this would not be a good choice.If you want to try this out on your dog , buy it from a dealer who will refund ALL the purchase price without a 20 % restocking fee . It 's too risky otherwise .
 This harness prevents the dog from walking normally and will cause a shortened stride , potentially leading to joint problems and definitely leading to abnormal musculature and muscle damage . It is analogous to a human only being allowed to take very short strides -- it will cause a shortened gait and decreased range of motion . There is also a buckle directly over the biceps tendon which could injure the dog by rupturing this critical tendon if he suddenly pulls against it .
 It was a great concept but the medium I ordered was way too tight , I sent it back for a refund , I 'll try something else
 The concept of this harness is quite brilliant . It really does decrease the amount of pulling but the harness does n't sit straight . If the dog pulls at all the harness shifts , it gets under the dogs front legs and begins to chaffe -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- him . I 've tried adjusting it quite often but it never seems to work . I gave it an honest weeks trial before I threw it with the other piece of crap harnesses I 've tried . The best ones are the simple attach in the back ones in my opinion .
 The Premier Easy Walk Harness was received with the chest piece strap broken . Had to return the purchase as the harness was unuseable .
 We have a young boxer girl that still has all of her puppy hyperness and has some slight anxiety issues , which results in one strong , terrible puller.If you have a strong , hyper puller , do n't use it.We were told by a pet trainer to try this . It worked okay for the first walk we took her on . I kept it on her all the time so that she was ready to go at any time , even for potty breaks -LRB- she pulls just as bad if not worse in what she sees as her space -RRB- . The second day she wore it , she was in her cage , alone , for a couple of hours and I came back to the chest strap broke in half . There was nothing for her to get caught on and the harness fit well . So , she did this on her own romping and wrestling around . She has broke a collar before , too , so it 's very believable of her doing this.Luckily we got it on sale at a local store and did n't have much money in it . We have now got a new training harness for her with a different design from Tractor Supply . It seems to work better all around from the very beginning . But , were still in a trial stage . We 'll see with time . Hopefully it works because we have the full $ 22 price in it and this habit of hers has got to stop before she hurts me again or gets away and hurts herself or someone else .
 It did reduce the pulling , but by causing my dog pain and misery ! After one long walk , this product rubbed my Lab 's skin RAW behind her front legs . I gave her a break from the harness to let the irritation heal , rechecked the fit and even tried creating a pad to put over the bottom strap and buckle to protect from chafing ... She came home from the next walk bleeding . I will not ever use this again.Premier Easy Walk Pet Harness , Large , Black/Silver
 After watching the promotional video and hearing good things from my in-laws , we decided to purchase the M/L size for our dog based on her measurements . I have had similar experiences as the other one and two-star reviews . I read the pamphlet and watched the sizing video several times , but the harness will not stay in place . I ensured the sizing looked exactly like it did with the dog in the video , but as soon as we started walking the bottom part slid from my dog 's chest to right next to her underarms , where we found it had rubbed her armpits raw after a particularly long walk , and the front portion became more loose and slipped in front of my dog 's legs . We have began using the harness the `` wrong '' way -LRB- with the loop on her back -RRB- until we find a better harness . Using it the wrong way allows her to pull a little more , but at least it does n't hurt her.Please do not tell me I need to size it correctly ; I have tried sizing it several times , but it just will not stay in place when walking .
 I purchased this item for my border collie puppy who flees dogs and children . I need to train her to stay with me and to greet other dogs . She was able to wriggle out of her other harness.The Premier Easy Walk Harness solved the problem of letting me hold my puppy tight without hurting her or having her escape.HOWEVER >> > the harness lasted just days . Leaving it on my puppy , she was able to chew it when I was not paying attention . Less than 15 minutes of chewing ended the harness.The company has a replacement policy . $ 7.95 . But you have to send it to them and wait for a replacement . Total cost $ 10 . Wait time
 I have a great dog who is loved and well balanced ... . Its just when we get on the leash he looses his mind and wants to run !!!! Lol ... There are some good parts of the harness . It is very easy to adjust . It is VERY easy to put on the dog . I am really confused on how this product got such great reviews . My dog must jut be really stubborn . I have a 10 month old German Sheppard and we have tried everything imaginable to leash train him . We were using the choke collar with the prongs -LRB- not recommended either -RRB- , when our vet referred us to this product . We were excited because we all want to enjoy the walk , and it is n't enjoyable fighting a 90 lb animal . Unfortunately , we saw no change in him pulling , which is our issue . In fact it made him stronger when he pulls.This review is only implied to people who have a dog that pulls the entire walk . It is durable . It does n't make him choke or cough , but it just does n't detour my dog from pulling . Again it is a simple harness that has lasted , there is no way to put in on wrong . I just have no idea how it gets such great reviews . To me it is just the same as the standard harness . But if it works for you and your dog than hey that 's great too !
 I have a 11 month old lab and purchased this on the advice of my vet.It was recommended over the pinch collar I use . It is a lot of work to use and I find the dog to drift more with it on ...
 I have had these harnesses for my 2 large dogs for about a year , and thought they were wonderful . WELL ... it turns out this product made one of my dogs HOPEFULLY temporarily without feeling in one of his legs because of where it was pressing on a nerve behind his leg . I immediately stopped using both harnesses on my dogs and ca n't believe something I thought was so wonderful turned out to potentially hurt my dog on a permanent basis . I wasted $ 60 on this product purchasing the harnesses alone and now I have a $ 250 vet bill on top of it + I am scared my dog will never get feeling back in one of his legs . He is hopping around on 3 legs only . This product needs to be removed !!!
 Reflective Easy Walk Dog Harness , Petite/Small , RedVery disappointed , a waste of money . I purchased a regular harness instead and rotated it untilthe D ring is on my dog 's chest was just as effective and cheaper .
 I had this on my 10 month old German Shepherd Dog . She manage to rip the harness apart within the first six hours that the harness was put on her .
 This does n't deter my dog from pulling . It does n't even make him think twice . I do n't get what all the hype is about ; all these reviews must be fake.So I payed 15 bucks for something that at best will cut up my dogs underarms . Great .
 DO NOT BUY THIS HARNESS !!! I have purchased two of these harnesses and am extremely disappointed . My dog was able to chew through both of them in absolutely no time at all . Very poor quality.I have a daschund-German Shepherd mix , aka a dog that sits low to the ground with a lot of pulling power . I was excited to find this harness so that I can feel comfortable taking him for a walk while pushing a baby stroller.So I bought the first one . One the SECOND walk , it snapped . Thankfully my husband was there and we were able to quickly connect the leash to his collar and he did n't get away . We were on a busy street and I am horrified to think what could have happened if he had more quickly realized that he was no longer attached to the leash . At the time , I assumed that the harness was somehow too big and that that allowed him to chew through it . That seemed strange , though , because we do not leave our dog in the harness . Instead , we put it on him before going out for a walk . So he really had no time to chew on it.So I bought the second one . This time , following the SECOND walk , it snapped . I know how long it took for him to chew through it -- less than two minutes . When we arrived home from the walk , I immediately went upstairs and changed our daughter 's diaper . My plan was to quickly change her and then come downstairs and remove the harness . Our dog came upstairs while I was changing her and the harness was dangling around him . Again , the amount of time that he was wearing the harness out of my sight was less than two minutes . In that time , he was able to chew through and break it.I am very upset because these harnesses are not cheap and now I have wasted money on two of them . Additionally , I still do not have a safe way to walk my dog while pushing my daughter in her stroller.My recommendation
 It did n't fit well on my 9 month old Husky , and he tore it to shreds starting on our walk . We went back to his regular collar and leash .
 I use Gentle Leaders when I need good control of my dogs , but my foster dog hates it on her face . She 's fine on a regular collar until she sees a squirrel or a bunny . While we work on this issue , I need a way to control her so she does n't choke herself . The GL works great , but she stops periodically on the walk to try to scratch it off her face . I feel bad that she 's uncomfortable and worry that she 's going to scratch herself , so I 've been looking for alternatives . Now I remember why I gave up on these harnesses with my other dogs . They do n't fit every dog , and even when they do fit , they chafe under the arms unless your dog has a really thick coat . My pittie mix immediately tried to rub this off her and I could see why - the buckles were pressing right into her armpits no matter how I adjusted the straps.It 's going back without even a walk . It looks less comfortable and more harmful than the GL . I may try the Freedom Harness with the velvet straps next , or she 'll just have to get used to the GL.This harness might work if your dog is perfectly proportioned for it , but it did n't work for my pretty normally proportioned dog .
 This harness is difficult to adjust and requires constant re-adjustment , making it quite difficult to use.In order to get it as tight as the instructions indicate it needs to be to work , it is really giving my dog a squeeze , and there is still rotation and slippage . Even a very short walk in this harness rubs my dog 's skin raw under her arms . After watching the DVD multiple times , reading and re-reading the instructions , consulting my trainer , and making constant further adjustments as directed , I was never able to get it adjust to the point that it was n't twisting around on her . I would not recommend it for short-haired dogs , in particular . Perhaps my dog 's shape makes this problem unique to us ; she is extremely strong and barrel-chested . I tried a Freedom No-Pull Harness by Wiggles , Wags , and Whiskers at my trainer 's , which seemed to rub my dog less - it has velvety straps on the stomach instead of traditional nylon webbing , which I thought was gimmicky at first but really seems to help . I will be purchasing either the Freedom No-Pull Harness or the SENSE-ation Harness to try next .
 This dog collar wo n't stay adjusted . Each time I take the dog out I have to re-adjust the darn thing . Premier Easy Walk Dog Harness , Red/Black Large .
 Three days of walking in Key West briefly and my Lab 's armpits were basically one solid blister . Did not affect pulling in any way - not recommended
 I had read a similar warning in the reviews before purchasing , but this harness did not fit my dog well at all . She 's a little cockapoo so she 's low to the ground , and I could never adjust the harness quite right to fit her body shape -LRB- I tried both medium and small harnesses -RRB- . The side straps were constantly digginer into her armpits , and I was worries she would get irritation so I decided to return the product.I hate to give a bad review as I 'm sure the product works great for bigger dogs , but for those of use with petite furry friends I 'd look elsewhere for a harness that fits better .
 I had to return 2 of these harnesses -LRB- and got dinged a 20 % restocking fee from this seller - on top of the cost of shipping both ways -RRB- . This harness does not work with all dogs . Both my dogs fit the `` girth measurement '' but the loop where the leash attaches drags on the ground . My two dogs were able to walk out of the thing and kept getting their front legs tangled up . Also there is one dimension where the harness ca n't be adjusted so you might find , as I did , that the girth measurement is correct , but it still is too big for your dog . The description should have warned the owners of `` short '' dogs that this would not be a good choice.If you want to try this out on your dog , buy it from a dealer who will refund ALL the purchase price without a 20 % restocking fee . It 's too risky otherwise .
 This harness actually cut the underarm of my dog 's leg . The nylon straps have sharp barbs on it and it digs into the skin until they start bleeding . Very upset with this MFG and have returned the product .
 Its does stop the pulling but I ca n't use this harness because it hurts my APBT . His poor little armpits are scabbed up because of this product , and it wasnt even fit too tight for it to hurt him like that . I returned it after 1 try .
 It took forever to fit . The buckle lay right behind the leg . I fiddled around to adjust the fit but the strap is still close behind the leg . She could n't sit comfortably.I did n't like the design very much . I tried to walk my dog with it but I could see she was uncomfortable.I bought another harness . The Freedom No-pull harness . Not available on Amazon . It is beautifully made with velvet lining on the chest strap . It is a lot easier to adjust and fit and in my opinion is a better design . It has the pull front ring on the chest and also a martingale pull ring on the back . I walked my dog in it and she did great . I am training my dog to heel and this harness makes it an easier job . For a few extra dollars the Freedom no pull harness is worth it.For those of you who like the Easy Walk Harness . I have come across a new product called `` Strap Wraps '' from petexpertise they are fleece wrap covers that wrap around the straps on the Easy Walk Harness to help protect dog 's underarms from getting sore .
 I 've had a few of these premier harnesses over the years and used to swear by them , but recently purchased one for our dobie rescue . He is about 60lbs , which is 20 lbs lighter than our last dobie , but he the strongest dog I 've ever owned . The harness worked great for him for the first week or so and then I started to notice it was rubbing his chest . It just seemed like his fur was getting thin , so I did n't worry too much about it . Then my partner took him on a long all day hike and he did n't complain but at the end of the day his chest was rubbed completely raw . It scabbed over the next few days and we 're back to being pulled around by him at the other end of a choke collar until he heals . Beyond that , I 'm looking for another brand of harness that wo n't hurt my pup.I would only recommend this harness for a dog who pulls a little .
 Normally , I prefer to train a dog to walk well on a leash over relying on hardware . But I have a hard-pulling foster dog and not enough time to train her , so I purchased this after seeing some friends have great results with it . I quickly discovered that it 's tricky and may not work with every dog.First problem is getting the fit right so that the front-fastening loop sits high enough on the dog 's chest , because if it sits too low the `` stretching '' you get with the loop can cause the leash to hit the dogs front leg with every step . It 's quite annoying for me and possibly for the dog as well . But if you tighten too much to get the fastening assembly to sit higher and not stretch out so much , it seems uncomfortably tight on the dog and looks like it 's cutting into her underarms . So getting the fit right seems to be a long process of trial and error and tightening or loosening the four places you can tighten or loosen . I 've had to stop in the middle of walks and start fiddling because I 'm too annoyed to let it continue.There is a slight decrease in the amount of pulling she does in this harness , but I 'm in the process of trying to decide which is more annoying
 This harness was far from easy walk for me and my dog . I have a almost 100 pound year old pup and as we walk this harness pulls on his front legs at his shoulders . The leash being in front kept getting tangled in between his front legs as well . My dog has a deep barrel chest and there was hardly enough harness to go under his chest and way to much across his back . We bought the extra large because of his enormous size but it is not sized right for the deep barrel chested dog .
 As some people mentioned , the fit did not work for my dog . I have a small Beagle and she had grown out of her small puppy harness which was this same model -LRB- which seemed to work fine -RRB- . I purchased the next size up and it fit well in terms of size and through my experience with the previous harness , it was mounted properly on her . As I took her on our usual jog , I noticed her legs did n't have a full range of motion . I immediately shortened our jog as I was concerned with the harness . We got home and I noticed the harness and completely chafed her skin raw under her front legs . This may fit better on your dog but it did not fit well on my Beagle . Returned the harness immediately for a better product .
 My 8-month old Retriever is a champion puller . I tried this harness after another dog owner told me she 'd used it on her Lab and claimed that `` it was like walking a totally new dog '' . It seemed to work for the first week or so -LRB- it was n't `` walking a totally new dog '' though , he still tried pulling and was being a pain -RRB- . After that , he must have figured out some way of getting around it , because he started pulling again . I checked to see if it had loosened , and it had n't . When walking on a loose lead , this harness causes the leash to jump up and down violently , which gets very annoying for the walker.Lastly , one has basically zero control over the dog when using this harness . My dog managed to knock me over by cutting in front of me . If I had been using a collar , I could have prevented it.So , basically , I ca n't say I really recommend it . I 'm not very satisfied with it and considering returning it .
 Premier Easy Walk Harness is a great concept , but beware of the belly strap and it 's connections which will rub off the fur from the dog 's `` arm pit '' area , causing the dog to bleed . My partner and I have a male Pointer/Lab mix approximately 65 pounds , and a female white Shepard mix approximately 45 pounds . Both harnesses are being returned stained with our dogs blood after only two days of use . We followed the directions and tightened the harnesses pursuant to Premier 's website instructions -LSB- ... -RSB- . We might re-consider their product if the belly strap and it 's connection points were heavily padded to prevent this extreme chaffing . We read the reviews and similar experiences other dog owners shared before we purchased the harnesses . Now we feel that dog owners considering the Premier Easy Walk Harness need to know about this damaging harness .
 I 've had pretty good experience on items purchased through Amazon . But this one came as quite a surprise . First of all , the material and workmanship looked very cheap . We did n't use it right away . By the time we decide to try it on our dog -LRB- couple of weeks after we received the product -RRB- , we realized that one of connectors was broken . We figureed it was not worth the money and effort to return , I just throw the whole thing away . I 'm curious if I bought a totally different product from those who gave 5 star reviews .
 I had high hopes for this harness because my dog takes off like he 's a greyhound shooting out of the starting gate when we go for walks . However , after all of us fiddled with it , read the instructions and tried to adjust it for our dog , we agreed it was too cumbersome and probably none of us would use it . Maybe we just did n't figure it out correctly because the concept seems good and others seem to rave about it .
 Due to the Martingale loop in front of the harness , proper fit is difficult to achieve and retain . The play provided by the Martingale loop allows the fit to loosen , and so it needs regular and frequent readjustment . In addition , the buckle placement is poor , as it has a tendency to rub underneath the dog 's front legs , creating abrasions and sores . The trainer I now use has suggested the Sense-ation as a far superior harness collar , as it still gives the benefit of attaching the leash in front -LRB- to re-direct the dog when lunging -RRB- , but without causing the dog harm.SENSE-ation No-Pull Dog Harness - Medium/Large -LRB- Wide -RRB- Black
 I have two puppies , and I wanted to finally have a pleasant walk with them rather than being pulled around the city for the entire walk . When I first put the harnesses on , I noticed a huge difference . I immediately felt a lot less pulling , and they were much more cautious with this on and were starting to actually wait for me when we were out . I think because the harnesses were so new for them it made them more aware while we were out of the pulling that they were doing since I could control them much more easily now.Both of my dogs are rescues , and we 're not sure on their mixes , but one of them has shorter than average legs -LRB- think corgi -RRB- , and she would begin to slip her legs out of the harness while we were walking . I was wondering why since I had adjusted them to be perfectly snug . After a few walks and further inspection , I noticed that the harness was becoming more and more loose . I had to keep tightening it throughout the walk in addition to dealing with two dogs and adjusting the leash that they kept on tripping over since the design has it hooking on the front of their chest . Even though the harness was becoming a bigger and bigger pain to deal with , it did n't bother my taller dog as much because her legs are longer and ca n't easily fit through the loosening straps . All in all , the easy walker worked in the beginning , but quickly became more work than not having it at all .
 I was looking for a good , front clip harness to help train our little field bred English Springer Spaniel to stop pulling during walks . This looked like a great product online so I ordered it . I never got a chance to even try it - the plastic side release buckles were impossilbe for either my husband or I to open -LRB- and no , we are not invalids or weaklings -RRB- . The only way the buckles opened was to use a pliers instead of our fingers to compress the little side tabs that opens the buckle . This is a serious product defect . Needless to say I immediately returned the harness and ordered something else .
 My two Yorkies would literally jump out of this harness . When they would lunge on their leashes , the clip on the front would make them do somersaults - not something that is pleasant to see . Hopefully it works better on other dogs .
 The harness was not easy to use and it did not prevent him from pulling . I returned it to Entirely Pets though they delayed on getting me my refund back after 2 months . I would go with another vendor and perhaps the head collar instead of the harness .
 I had to return 2 of these harnesses -LRB- and got dinged a 20 % restocking fee from this seller - on top of the cost of shipping both ways -RRB- . This harness does not work with all dogs . Both my dogs fit the `` girth measurement '' but the loop where the leash attaches drags on the ground . My two dogs were able to walk out of the thing and kept getting their front legs tangled up . Also there is one dimension where the harness ca n't be adjusted so you might find , as I did , that the girth measurement is correct , but it still is too big for your dog . The description should have warned the owners of `` short '' dogs that this would not be a good choice.If you want to try this out on your dog , buy it from a dealer who will refund ALL the purchase price without a 20 % restocking fee . It 's too risky otherwise .
 This harness did not hold the adjusted fit position for one walk . We immediately turned back and switched to his old harness . The metal adjustment rings easily slide and there is really nothing from preventing the harness to reach its largest size . I guess you could sew it once properly fitted . Granted harnesses slip in their adjustment , but they should at least keep the adjustment for a block .
 I bought this because my mother in law wanted to be able to walk my dog with ease . I can walk her and know how to control her but she does n't walk her enough to have that over her . So I bought this . It worked ... But at a price . Even though the sizing was correct and the harness was n't too tight , it rubbed my dogs underarm area raw . She had 2 bright red lines after a nice long walk with it . So I wo n't be using this product anymore and I 'll be finding something that wo n't rub her raw .
 Dog : Toy PoodleHarness : Small Red Easy WalkNegative : - Rubbed off hair on the upper backside of her front legs -LRB- armpits I suppose , as everyone else wrote -RRB- ... which means it is causing too much friction in that area.-Sometimes have trouble opening the teeny-tiny buckle , I 'm lucky my fingers are small , otherwise I 'd never get it open ... Positive : - Wow , she went from dragging me across town to barely pulling at all...-I did like that it does n't involve any pressure on the neck/throat , as toy dogs are prone to tracheal collapse.Conclusion : - Sacrificing her comfort for my own ? I am unable to let her suffer so she can stop annoyingly pulling . I hope the pet store will take this back on the grounds of defective or unsafe ... hey , if there was a toy out there that caused little children to lose their hair , there would be a recall , a segment on the news at night , and some lawsuits ...
 Plastic snap broke in 2 months . We did n't realize it right away with our Terrier who like to chase things ! Luckily we were in a park and not walking around Chicago where she may have run into traffic.Don ' t buy !!!
 The way this item is constructed makes it difficlt for the dog to walk properly.Even if its tight he kept tripping on himself while wearing it.Im sending it back and getting a regular harness
 Was really excited about trying this after hearing reviews on how amazing this worked . I purchased the large harness for my pit bull , using his girth size , not weight . I understand how it works in theory but in trial , the dog rarely pulls and gets pulled sideways like it suggests . I am using a 6t leash and after trial and error , it works best when the dog already has a bit of leash to him -LRB- 5-6 feet -RRB- so that when he pulls , the leash is going parallel to the chest strap . If the dog is close to you , which I need to often to keep him away from other dogs and people , the leash gets pulled up or diagonally and the harness fails to work.The leash attaches to a metal ring on a moving ringed strap on the chest strap -LRB- confusing , I know -RRB- , which supposedly stops pulling but if you have the dog walking to one side of you , that ring gets pulled to whichever side you are on and fails to stop the dog . I often have to ` reset ' the strap by moving the leash to alternating sides of the dog . This is very hard to picture without a video or picture so Ill have pictures demonstrating.The major fault is the chest strap can be pulled to cause enough wiggle room for the dogs front legs to slip out ! This is a big problem for dogs that pull because they want to chase or attack something . It happens when the leash is low when pulled . The chest strap pulls down with it and ends up against the dogs joint -LRB- where the elbow is -RRB- and lets his front legs slip over . I have tightened it as far as it would go so that now its slightly improperly fit , but if my dog tried , I know he would still be able to get out.Rocky demonstrating the harness :[ ... -RSB- How it should normal sit , you can see the moving ring in the center , when the dog pulls forward , it should theoretically move the ring to the side and pull the dog sideways -LSB- ... -RSB- How it is once you start walking the dog -LRB- with you on the right side -RRB- . I 'll often have to throw the leash over to the other side , so that when he pulls , the ring goes back the other way . -LSB- ... -RSB- Here I am pulling on the ring , apologies for not using an actual leash but you can see the gap it makes . I am pulling forward but it does the same when being pulled to the side . The dogs legs can slip out through this gap pretty easily , as unlikely as it looks.The harness helps with the pulling . It occasionally works as suggested and because it is a harness clipped to the front - it takes away a lot of the strength from the neck when he is pulling with a normal collar . The difference is amazing , but I would probably have the same effect buying a normal harness and clipping it in the front -LRB- the dog wouldnt be able to slip out either -RRB- Most people have found that the easywalk a success so I am in the minority with these problems . I would be aware of them though , especially the dog slipping loose . If I 'm using it incorrectly , feel free to correct me . I have already stated that I tightened the chest strap more than directed , if not - there would be an even larger gap for the dog to escape .
 I 've had the other easy walk head harness so I thought this would help with the lunging and jumping . Regardless of how I adjusted it , it really did n't work . It just sort of pulled to the side . But it was easy to put on and the pup seemed comfortable enough . That is until he was annoyed at being hooked up at our lake cabin for TWO MINUTES and ate it off himself while I was inside grabbing a drink . So if your dog is a chewer - never leave him alone with this one !
 It is just ok . It does n't fit my 11 lb yorkie very well . As she is walking , the adjustable straps loosen and she has stepped out of it a couple of times . I do think if it fit properly , it would effectively keep her from pulling her leash . It is also difficult to put on her .
 This product worked just as advertised but it is of very poor quality . I have a 70 pound dog . She pulled twice at the start of the walk and I stopped and gave the leash a tug per instructions . The dog still pulled for a bit but not much . However , I stopped to adjust the harness and noticed the strap was almost completely torn through next to where the hook for the leash was . This was my firt walk with the product . I did n't pull that hard . We had n't even gone 200 yards from the house .
 I bought two of the easy walk harnesses . After three weeks of use for daily walks the strap on one of the harnesses has completely worn to a thread . It is the strap that attaches to the leash . I only leave these on the dog for walking so there was no chewing , etc. . I will be contacting the company . The harness is much better for walking than the traditional lead but getting it on takes two people with my active labs .
 I have gone through two of these harnesses simply because they keep breaking . I have a 7 month old golden mix who would constantly tug while walking . This harness was recommended and while it help significantly , the two I used broke . I tried it for a second time because I had positive results . But the second time was enough . I switched to another brand and thus far I have no problems .
 This harness does improve one 's control over the dog and minimises that pulling reflex that occurs in most dogs when they feel lead resistance from behind.My huge complaint is that it dose n't work , and is actualy dangerous , for dogs with short legs such as my Corgi , Dachshunts and the likes . I was walking my Cordi near heavy traffic and he slipped through the harness . Thank God he stayed near me ! I tried making the harness tighter but that restricted his movements.There difinately should be a caution on the box about this issue .
 I had to return 2 of these harnesses -LRB- and got dinged a 20 % restocking fee from this seller - on top of the cost of shipping both ways -RRB- . This harness does not work with short dogs . Both my dogs fit the `` girth measurement '' but the loop where the leash attaches drags on the ground . My two dogs were able to walk out of the thing and kept getting their front legs tangled up . Also there is one dimension where the harness ca n't be adjusted so you might find , as I did , that the girth measurement is correct , but it still is too big for your dog . The description should have warned the owners of `` short '' dogs that this would not be a good choice .
 We had this on our dog 2 times . I was using it primarily to tether him in the back of the car -LRB- otherwise he jumps all over -RRB- . On the 2nd time , he bit through it ! Could just be my dog , he 's quite over the edge . But , something for you to consider .
 I bought this for my Boston Terrier as she is a big puller . The first few times I took her out with it , she seemed a bit confused by the leash in the front and she did pull less . But after she got used to it , the pulling quickly returned . Since the leash attaches in the front and she is walking in front , the leash gets easily tangled . The harness also slips around on her a lot to where it 's practically sideways . Adjusting for a tighter fit does not seem to solve the problem , in part because when I adjust the straps they do n't stay , but work themselves loose so I will have to stop and readjust on a walk . If the harness stayed put and had a fixed ring for the leash -LRB- instead of one that moves a few inches side to side on a loop -RRB- it might work . But I would advise against buying this version .
 While im sure this harness works well with some dogs ... i found that it had NO effect on our 5 month old GSD , he is 65lb of pulling power whos drive i is VERY strong ... if he wants something , he will do what he can to get it . The minute i put this on i regretted it , he pulled more on this harness than on a regular one ! It works almost like a agitation collar for bite work ... the harder he pulls ... the more excited he would get . We resorted to a Prong Collar as i DO NOT like chock chains . He now heels nicely .
 I have two dogs . A 20 lb skinny Boston Terrier and a 25 lb Frenchie/Boston mix . I bought the small for the Boston and it was a little too snuggled for him , but was usable . I decided to get the Medium for my Frenchbo and it was HUGE . I adjusted all the straps but it was still really loose on him.I bet this would work better for bigger dogs but not for medium-sized dogs .
 We ordered medium/large for our dog . When we put it on him , it was so loose that he was able to get out of the harness in a few seconds . We were disappointed and returned the Premier Easy Walk harness .
 This harness starting to create a wound underneath our dogs front arms !! We had to stop using it . It 's very hard to keep it firmly fit on a large dog . So , keep an eye on your dog to make sure he 's NOT injured .
 The upper two straps fit , however the chest strap does not adjust short enough . In addition the adjustment clips on the chest piece do not hold , therefore everytime you pull on the leash the chest strap lengthens more making it fit even more poorly .
 This was recommended to me for my rambunctious pitbull who pulls me more than I pull him . It did make waking him much easier but in turn it rubbed his skin raw and he has bruises . I changed him to his old harness . Still looking for something that does make it easier to walk him without hurting him in the process . If it had n't hurt him , I would have rated it 5 stars .
 The ad says dogs love it ! I put it on him -LRB- he 's an 8 yr old Aussie -RRB- , adjusted it to fit , went to get his leash and when I got back he had already chewed right through it !
 Received this item and it appeared used . It came in a plastic baggie with no instructions or packaging , mailed inside a bubble mailer envelope . I decided to overlook what appeared to be a second hand item and try it on my dog , it did not fit . The listing only said `` Small '' so I looked up the product on Google and a small should have been the right size for my daschund/jack russell mix , but it was several inches shy of fitting around his chest . Was sold and shipped by NorAm International Partners , Inc. , they do not take returns but Amazon customer service is taking the return . -LRB- Thanks , Amazon ! -RRB-
 I purchased this product -LRB- large -RRB- from a dog kennelling facility for $ 30 , where I took training classes with my golden doodle , who is now over 50 lbs . My initial , and current impression was that this product worked great ; it was actually enjoyable to walk my dog when he had the harness on , and training class was a breeze . The large was actually quite big on him , which may have helped cut down on an chafing that other reviewers seem to mention.What I am totally upset about is teh overall poor quality of this product . Within the first week the part of the harness where your leash gets attached completely frayed and broke -LRB- as images indicate -RRB- . I then rigged up an extra collar to take the place of the part that broke . Within a month , that collar too also broke , and anotehr section of the harness completely wore through.Due to the nature of the construction , and where it broke , there is no repairing this unit . The price on Amazon almost makes it bearable to buy and have it only last a few months , but that is not my expectation when buying a product . I would recommend trying something else .
 The first time my dog - a 70lb lab - wore this harness , I was so happy with it . She normally pulls and she walked so beautifully my kids even were able to walk her without a problem . The second time , we allowed her to go swimming -LRB- off leash , without the harness -RRB- and she -LRB- still wet -RRB- wore the harness home , walking great.Later that night , during a belly rub , we noticed lumps under her `` armpits '' . Off we went to the vet , who shaved the area to get a better look . She agreed wholeheartedly that the harness was the cause of these terrible irritations and my poor puppy was put on ANTIBIOTICS , both ointment and oral . The sores lasted for a while . I just could n't believe how awful the sores were after using this harness only twice ! Loved how my dog walked with it , but did n't love the pain it caused my dog later or the big vet bill ! I returned the harness , very disappointed ... Maybe the harness would have worked out well if I just never let her wear it while she was wet again - I do n't know - but I was n't taking any chances on using it again after seeing the damage it did and so quickly !
 The leash gets tangled in her legs with any amount of slack . It is good for the city but I ca n't recommend it for the country or suburbs .
 I bought this for my German Shepherd who practically drags me in the beginning of our walks . While I agree that this product reduces pulling , it also gave her rashes underneath her armpits . Not sure if large was the right size for her either because it seemed like the strap that crosses her legs and chest kept coming loose even after I asked a Petco employee to make sure the adjustments were correct .
 The ares where the straps are doubled-back and stitched for attachment to the 3-way ring are way too rough on a dog 's armpit area . After a 2mi walk with my Shiba Inu , there is an area about the size of a dime where the rough webbing made his skin raw . He did n't complain , but we all know that dogs have a pretty high tolerance for pain , especially when they 're having fun.I 've read a few reviews that say the same thing happened with their dog , but figured they got a defective unit . I think they 're all like that . A poor material choice , and bad location for reinforcement .
 I struggled with the clasps on this harness , but once closed , I could not open them , and was afraid that even if I succeeded , I might not get it off when it was on the little dog . So it was a failed purchase , and I still have it here , unused .
 My real-world observations indicate the efficacy of this harness is highly dependent upon the breed of canine to which it is attached.In plain English
 I could earn a PhD in Poor Harness design , and I do n't think I could come up with anything worse than the Easy Walk Harness . Do you hold your dog 's leash in front of and below him ? If so , this might well be the harness for you ! But if you walk behind your dog , and you 're at all taller than your dog , then this harness is worthless . Why , why , WHY would you attach the leash in front ? Also , the lack of any kind of a cross-strap allows my dog to wiggle out of the harness with extraordinary ease . Plus , all the loops and buckles and what-not make it heavy , uncomfortable and ugly.My dog hates this harness.I hate this harness.Happily for us both , there are much better - and much less expensive - harnesses on the market .
 I bought this for my puppy in May and he grew out of it in four months , so now I need a new harness . I wo n't be buying this brand again ! The labeling of this product is a lie . It 's not made for a large dog , but that 's what they tell you . Seller never responded to my complaint , so they are done too ! Plus it does n't really stop them from pulling ; you might as well just use a regular harness . It worked a little when he was younger , but it 's a joke now that he 's 8 months old . Save your money and just get a prong collar if pulling is a problem while walking your dog .
 I bought this harness for my 75 pound psycho-dog after a prong collar and gentle leader failed to stop the pulling . It seems to work okay if she 's not too hyper and if we 're just walking , but do n't use it for running with your dog unless your dog will run beside you ! -LRB- And in that case , why use a harness at all ? -RRB- My dog goes nuts when we run and she pulls me so hard I was hoping this harness would make it so she could n't pull me and we could just go for a nice easy run . Instead she pulled as hard as she usually would and this harness rubbed holes in her legs ! She was screaming and barking -LRB- moreso than she usually does from the excitement of running -RRB- and I thought it was just from frustration of not being able to pull me but when we came inside I noticed the front of her legs were rubbed raw ! I wo n't be using this harness for running anymore . Unfortunately I do n't know what else to try . Also it 's really hard to fit this thing to your dog properly . Good luck !
 The gate was exactly what I wanted for our little 8 lb dog . However , when putting it together found that the side hardwear that pushes against wall did not match the hardwear that is shown in the picture . What I received were big plastic screws that had to be screwed in from inside the door . Therefore the gate door would not close . I do not know if this was just a one-time mistake at the warehouse or if all the gates are prepacked this way . I did send it back and would love to reorder it if I knew I would not get the same thing again . I was very disappointed . I would have given this a 5 star rating if there was not this problem . Maybe I will take a chance and reorder it again as it was so perfect .
 Could not get the gate to secure against door frame . The 4 pieces included with the gate that adjust the tension were not the same pieces as shown on the box and I could not attach them on the one side the door opens because the only way they could be attached was by keeping the door open which defeats the purpose of having a gate . Sending it back .
 If you look at the picture , I did n't get the bumpers . I got screws , but no bumpers ! I am not happy.Wont stay on the wall . Sending back .
 AFTER WAITING ALMOST 1 WEEK AND A HALF FOR 2 OF THESE GATES , NONE OF THEM CAME WITH THE KNOBS !!! WHAT A SHAME ! CALLED THE COMPANY AND THEY DO N'T EVEN HAVE ANY KNOBS IN STOCK TO SEND ME ! SHOULD HAVE JUST WENT TO PET STORE . ALL THIS TIME WAITING FOR NOTHING ! UNACCEPTABLE ! RETURNED AT COMPANIES EXPENSE ! NEVER AGAIN !!!
 Gate is a great height for small dogs and is easy for children to safely step over . Design could be greatly improved if the four rubber side feet were adjustable with a screw like many gates on the market . The rubber feet just slide in so as to not allow for the best and tightest fit to the walls . Good enough for a temporary solution . We used felt chair pads to make up the extra space between the side feet and the wall .
 I should have remembered the old adage you get what you pay for . I admittedly was looking for an inexpensive gate and this one seemed like a bargain.The bumpers are supposed to be adjustable but they do not actually screw into the unit . They just sit in the holes so they are NOT adjustable.I finally got the item to fit into my stairwell opening -LRB- the adjustable size claim is not 100 % accurate . Your space must be a size to fit one of the sets of predrilled holes the knobs fit into -RRB- and after opening and shutting the door twice to make sure it swung over the carpet , it SNAPPED RIGHT OFF ! Perhaps I merely received a defective one but I can assure you that I am taking it back to my local PetCo today.Save yourself the aggravation and spend a little more to get a better product.It did arrive very quickly and was in one piece .
 This product is just awful . It arrived cracked , which really was n't its biggest problem . The bumpers to hold the gate in place were totally inefficient , because the holes for the pumper screws were drilled too large . I returned it immediately .
 Too low that even my 10 week shih tzu was able to jump over it . The construction is good . This size is sturdier than the wider version .
 This product is the right size and the door in it is a great option . This is easy enough to step over but hard enough for our dogs that they have n't tried . The only problem with it is that it showed up broken from the box on the door support so I had to glue it back together which was going to be cheaper then paying for shipping back and then waiting for the new one while my puppy urinates all over the house .
 Do not buy . This Gate is awful ! Zero Stars ! It did not come as pictured . The pressure fit knobs shown in the photo are instead flat plastic -LRB- which is useless -RRB- and the ` nuts ' that would presumably keep the knobs in place are enormous . The problem ? Once assembled , the doggie door does not close and the gate does not pressure fit in doorway . Completely useless .
 My dog is a 6lbs daschund mix ... he jumped right over it ! If you have a dog that is a jumper ... do not waste your time and money purchasing this product .
 The gate was purchased to keep a small dog in a laundry room to prevent accidents while potty training the dog . Worked well for that purpose except the side knobs are not very well constructed as the screws seem to strip in all four places , not allowing for a tight fit int he doorway . So we added shims to hold the gate tight enough that the dog ca n't know it over . If you can deal with it wearing out very very fast and not working right for the fit , get it . The gate itself is ok , it 's the side knobs that do n't work properly
 Let me start by saying that we have an extremely stubborn miniature Dachsund . Within a couple of days of receiving the gate , Rusty had chewed through the wood , making the gate ineffective . We added a screen to it , which fixed that problem , but soon enough he had figured out how to jump over the gate . He 's a small dog , but the gate was n't quite tall enough to prevent him jumping over it . We raised it , but it still was short enough for him to maneuver over at the right angle.This gate might work well for a well behaved small dog , but is n't quite tall/durable enough for a stubborn dog like ours .
 THis gate sounds great , you can step over it and it installs easily . But the pressure is n't great and it often needs to be re-installed . You have to bend over to open pet door , not good if you have back problems . THe latch pinches your fingers -LRB- and your childs ' ! -RRB- Ouch . And the darn thing fell apart on me . This was a waste of money . Made in china quality !
 TERRIBLE - THEV GATES HAD TO BE SHIPPED TWICE AND THE QUALITY IS POOR - I WOULD N'T EVEN SELL THEM AT A FLEA market .
 This is a terrible gate my 4 month old yorkie can climb over it and the gate broke after just one month
 Gate weak and falls apart with minimal use . very weak construction . my dog loved it though ... he found he could get right through it
 Broken wooden pegs made the door on the gate fall off ! Tried wood glue and it would n't hold . So , i ordered a second gate ... same pieces broke ! They are bearly glued on in the first place . Only reason this gets one star is because the height and concept .
 how can i make use of the gate without all the supplies wish i had read some of the reviews before purchasing this gate other wise its would have worked out . upset now i have to send back double work for me not cool !
 I own three of these gates for my 3 and 5 pound Toy Fox Terriers . Previously exchanged one of them because it broke . Currently , two of the three here are broken . They are constructed of the cheapest possible pine . Bump one of the little doors and it breaks right off . My smallest dog has chewed her way through three of the slats . Looks like a beaver was at it . I would not recommend this product to anyone who has a dog that likes to chew . I 'm back to the metal baby gates .
 So far , this is the only unsatisfactory purchase I 've had from Amazon . This is the crappiest thing I 've bought here . It is beyond flimsy . The screws are too small to actually hold the gate in place and all the wood pieces are falling out of their respective holes . I might as well have thrown 30 bucks out the window . Seriously , this is junk . They had to try hard to produce something This bad .
 I purchased this item , but when I went to install it , the pieces shown in the instructions and in the pictures were not the same as the pieces included in the box . I tried to make them work , but it was impossible . I returned it thinking that it must have been a mistake , but the second gate I received had the same issue .
 I gate itself is great -LRB- good height , sturdy -RRB- , but it came with the wrong hardware making the gate completely unusable . I called the company and received absolutely no help . They acted as if they did n't understand how that could happen . THEN I read other reviews with the same complaint about the wrong hardware , so I know the company had to have been aware of the problem . I gave them the benefit of the doubt and asked Amazon to send a replacement . I just received the new gate today and , what do ya know , the exact same WRONG hardware . Will be returning for a refund .
 I read other reviews , so maybe I was just unlucky . This appeared to be just what I needed to keep one small dog out and allow our 2 cats in . When I opened it , parts fell off of the gate itself . When I tried to put them back on , they did n't fit well . This caused the gate to be uneven , and it would n't fit securely in the doorway on one side . I am disappointed , it was n't worth the cost of the item and shipping .
 This gate did not work ! I would adjust one side then I would do the other and the opposite side would loosen . Very frustrating
 The mechanics of this gate were fine but the quality of the wood needs some improvement . The wood is extremely soft which allowed my 10lb dachshund to pull it down and eventually eat through it . I had to make repairs and modifications in less than a week of use . I ended up having to replace it in a little over a month .
 I got this for my mini dachshund puppy and for my very narrow doorway . It looked awesome and worked good at first but I had to keep tightening the bolts and now it 's been tightened so much it wo n't stay up . The doorway is awesome and closes good but it did n't always close tight because its only a handle with a spring that you pull . Sometimes the hole didnt line up exactly and I 'd think it was closed but it was n't . The height was perfect until she learned to climb over it ! But when I got it , it was already broken and didnt feel like spending money to return it so I just used gorilla glue which worked but I had to keep re applying every week ... Overall I 'd say I liked the gate but wish it was better quality !
 While the batteries in the transmitter can be replaced with high cost boutique 6v alkaline batteries , the battery in the collar cant be replaced so the whole package is fit for the landfill when the collar battery will no longer take a charge .
 My collar stopped working after 3 months . Innotek does n't honor their warranty unless you buy from an authorized dealer -LRB- which does n't include Amazon -RRB- .
 Forget it -- all the velcro in the world will not keep these things on a dog 's feet . They 're flimsy and easy to pull off . I thought they 'd be the answer to my large dog 's wet feet , but just getting them on was harder than using a towel thoroughly to get the dirt off . .
 This leash is too heavy . The clip that attaches to the dog collar is huge . Can be better manufactured . Yes the system does the job . But I believe there are better products on the market . Still looking for the ` right ' one for my and my dog .
 I wanted this to work so badly but it broke on the first walk of a 25 pound dog . Please ! I was going to give up completely on this concept until I found a seller on Ebay who makes such a high quality hands free leash I ca n't stop gushing about it . Go on Ebay and look for TJ 's Custom Made Pet Supplies in the store 's section . I shop enough on Amazon for them to deal with this referral to Ebay .
 I love the concept behind this leash but it needs some tweaking . Firstly the straps on the belt are not held down , which some people may like so their dog can walk all the way around them , I would have sewn them in place so my dog has to stay on the side I leashed him to . Secondly there are too many buckles . The leash buckles to the belt , on the other end it buckles to a strap which has the part that attaches to the collar , I suppose this is so you can quick snap on and off the leash from the dog . I think it would be easier just to attach a hook on the end to attach to the collar , the snaps are harder to do then a leash hook , also I accidentally left the snap on my dog and within five minutes he chewed the entire snap off and into pieces , which made the entire leash obsolete , and the shards are dangerous to the dog if ingested.This is what I did to make mine better . I took off all the snaps altogether , I attached `` D '' rings to each end of the leash and on each `` D '' ring I attached a leash hook . I then put grommets on the belt -LRB- and other belts I commonly wear -RRB- not I just attach the leash to the grommet and to the dog and I go , it 's all metal so I do n't have to worry about chewing or pulling . Also I can hook him up to other objects if I 'd like with this system like his outside swivel tether , or if he 's bad I can clip him to his crate for a time out.So if you 're handy or you have a dog that never pulls or chews this is an ok product , but I could have built mine the way I fixed it a lot cheaper . I 've heard rumors of metal clipped ones on ebay , idk if they 're true , I prefer amazon . If you 're handy or crafty I recommend you just buy the materials and make your own .
 This was what I was looking for but after trying it the first time my dog bite it once and then it started shredding from there ! I had to use duck tape to try to stop it ... but it now looks a bit funky and is hard to adjust !
 only thing my cats watched was the laser also its not on a loop so once it plays through in about 40 minutes you have nothing
 My cat looked up at the bird sounds then his eyes started closing . Maye becasue thescreen is large he knows it isnt real . I have seen him look at the tv so thought this would be cool for him . We moved closer to the city and he thought he missed the bakyard wildlife so I bought this . Nope it didnt work for him.Too bad I read everyone else liked it
 After the `` Here Kitty Kitty Kitty '' sound track in the introduction , my cat watched the mice for a minute or two , touched the tv screen , looked behind the tv , and walked away to gaze out her favorite front room window . I could not entice her back again , even after several days . The movie `` Catnip '' was more interesting to her even if it was more grainy and the sound not as good . Too bad I lent it to someone and never got it back .
 We bought this and then found the furminator . Buy that instead . It works much better and our cats love it !
 the comb does n't work very well . the instructions was not clear on how to change blades
 Be careful to NEVER leave this toy out , or if the feather part breaks off -LRB- which it easily will -RRB- DO NOT leave it lying around . My cat ended up eating the hard red plastic tip that holds together the feathers . After vomiting 6x , he had to have surgery to remove it . Seriously a shame because my cats love playing with it .
 The only part of this toy that my very active , athletic Maine Coon was interested in was the skinny black string attaching the pole to the `` bird . '' He had it chewed completely through in less than 30 seconds , and I had to pull it out of his esophagus by the feather attachment , which was luckily still dangling from his terrified little mouth . Unfortunately , this toy is also so large and awkwardly sized that putting it away when we 're not around is n't an entirely feasible option . Definitely , as another reviewer mentioned , DO NOT LEAVE THIS TOY OUT WHEN YOU ARE NOT IN THE SAME ROOM.My other cat -LRB- small tabby -RRB- is only occasionally mildly interested in this toy when she overcomes her fear of something feathery/glittery that is half her size writhing around on the floor or flying around in the air.I was really looking for a toy to tire out the intelligence and physicality of my Maine Coon , as he loves to chase things . I have to admit I was really surprised by both cats ' responses . Despite being indoor cats , my Maine Coon is our mouse hunter , and my tabby is our fearless cicada hunter -LRB- we have a very old house with lots of spaces for critters to enter ... -RRB- . They could n't have treated this toy as a more unnatural offense to their feline aptitude .
 Both cats adored the toy , but within a week the string connecting the feathers was completely disintegrated . If the cats bit on where the feathers attached to the string , it would basically snap off . Maybe the string is old or bad quality ? So now I 'm left with a pole and a couple of toys that are essentially useless.Sure I can ship it back , but of course I already threw away the 3 foot box it came in . I guess I 'll have to find some higher quality string to use instead . The toys that it came with were decent quality , but were getting shabby before the string snapped for good . However , I would n't consider them great considering their previous wand toy lasted over 4 years .
 I received the pole and feather attachment , along with two feather refills . The sparkly attachment , kitty puff attachment , and peacock feather were no where to be found . I contacted the seller through Amazon and received an automated response that they were looking into it , but have heard absolutely nothing since then . It has been a few weeks so I have contacted seller again . Very disappointing , as the only reason I purchased this package was for the additional attachments . I suppose they could have sent a different package by accident , but it sure seems like a bait and switch tactic given that other buyers were missing items as well . Having one extra feather refill does not make up for the missing items . If they were n't available , I should have been notified in advance and given the opportunity to cancel my order . If the seller makes it right , I 'll revise my review , but I 'm not hopeful .
 I was excited to purchase this item , as my cat is a big fan of fishing pole toys , and ESPECIALLY loves peacock feathers.To my disappointment , this item does not come with a peacock feather . as other reviews indicate , I believe this item almost never comes with a peacock feather , and that the description and images are incorrect . I would give 5 stars if the description were correct , but then again , I would not have bought this item had I known that . When i called Amazon to see if they could send me the missing peacock feather , they said to ship everything back and they would just give me a refund . my cat was already tearing at the bag to get at the toy , so i declined that offer.My cat was all :3 but I was all :-LRB- . I -LRB- and my cat -RRB- would have really enjoyed the peacock feather . Boo , false advertising !
 The scent resembles that of oranges ... . who wants their dog to smell like oranges ?! I bought thirds bc they used to have a scent called stud muffin which was a nice Cologne-ish scent ! Oh how I was disappointed to realize that it was n't the same scent , none the less to find out it smelled like oranges which i 'm not a fan of . It will be tossed in the garbage :-LRB- I ordered this and LOVE for the first time i 've my STUD MUFFIN spray by them ran out . LOVE just smells like baby powder which I find unoriginal but at least it is tolerable !
 This is just about as bad as putting a blanket into your crate . It slides around , bunches up , and it 's not that much cushioning . I reccomend getting the fleece crate pads with the bumpers around the edges -LRB- you see them everywhere -RRB- . The bumpers act as a pillow for your dog to lie it 's head down on and keeps it from bunching up as much .
 After about a month or two of use , all three of the bowls I purchased seem to leak water . They no longer stay `` skid proof '' , and as the water slowly leaks , it cuases the bowl to move out of it 's spot , which then inturn puts it in the path of my cats , and the bowl ends up completely dumped . DO NOT PURCHASE !
 picture shows a metal bowl , i received a cheap plastic bowl instead . stay away from unless you want a plastic cheap dog bowl .
 Said it was heavy weight but was not what I thought Is not weighted well and jumbo is not very big for a big dog Would send back but would cost more than than what I paid in the long run Very disappointed . We put a Ice cream plastic cartine in it to hold all th water
 Any manufacturer that gets to this point is n't one I want to ever trustFDA NEWS RELEASEFor Immediate Release
 FDA inspection Failed so the manufacturer was forced to stop production . It 's not safe to feed to your pets . I ordered the same thing , just different quantity but was only informed after the sale why it was discontinued .
 GARBAGE , WHATS SUPER ABOUT IT ?? dont waste your money , i returned it because it only puts out 1/4 of the air compared to my RENA 400 thats been running for the past 5 years with NO PROBLEMS AND CONSUMES HALF THE ELECTRICITY . It was dissapointing to sit by the tank and barely see any bubbles come out .
 this producto dont have nothing of super is big but the pressure is too poor
 First of all you should never buy a wheel with bars because animals can get their feey and tail caught in it . Secondly , the rocking makes it unsafe because they can get offballance and it will be difficult to stop and if they fall it will be a long drop .
 This is a beautiful cage , and it gives my two guinea pigs plenty of room to run . There is a huge design flaw , however . Someone did n't realize that small animals like to go the bathroom in corners and along the edges of their cage , so when they go , urine runs through to the floor because the drip pan does n't extend to the edges . I have to keep puppy housetraining pads under the cage so the carpet does n't get soiled . I would not spend almost $ 100 on this cage again . Having a solid-bottomed cage is a lot more work to clean , but at least your animals wo n't be relieving themselves all over the floor .
 hi I have a community with a variety of fish , top , middle & bottom feeders . None of the fish prefer this brine shrimp , it actually clouds my tank . All the fish actually love the krill . If anybody wants to try any type of fish food , I would suggest them to get a sample from the LFS or from their friends , feed it to the fish , if they eat it then its worth to buy otherwise its a waste of money .
 this stuff has MSG in it , but fry do eat it . i dont mean to be a health freak for my fish but i 'd rather find something else that does n't damage my fish 's health . and if you plan on eathing your fish , like my tilapia , then i surely do not want to use it .
 I bought this cage for my two rabbits -LRB- who are in no way large -RRB- and after about 6-8 months the cage started to fall apart . The bed pan in the cage began to warp so that it no longer fir the frame properly , the base later came apart , and two of the wheels fell off and were impossible to get back on for any period of time.I was very excited to have purchased this for my furry little friends , but unfortunately , it turned out to be a waste of time and effort .
 I bought this cage for my 2 guinea pigs because it was a great size for them and was on a stand . However , the first week I had it , one of the screws came loose and would not screw back in . This made the whole cage loose . The bottom repeatedly fell out of it thus bending the bars supporting the side and cracking the bottom . Two months of this and the cage is completely broken ! I 'm going to buy a new one tonight . Please save yourself the trouble and money and get a different cage .
 The space we had for this cage was exactly 46 `` L x 22.5 `` W x 37 `` H . The package dimensions say 40x22x37 . The TRUE dimensions are 39 `` L x 24.5 W x 37 `` H . In other words , it 's too wide for our space.Also , the grating is very flimsy . It 's makes a loud clanging noise whenever my bunny hops around . My rabbit had a wire bottom on his old cage too , but it was much thicker wire with bars that only went in one direction , not cross hatch . He never had problems with the old wire floor . My poor bunny hates hopping around in this cage because his toenails are getting caught in this awful grating . The only part he will sit on is the half covered with bamboo placemats.Assembly was not a snap , but it is okay with two people . We have put together IKEA furniture in the past , and I would say assembly for this product is of similar level difficulty . We could not get the back on , no matter how hard we tried , if we followed the manufacturer 's instructions , but we were eventually able to figure it out ourselves . The green paint was scratched very badly . Do not buy this cage if your pet is going to be in a location that needs a stylish looking cage . We bought it for our living room , and it is not attractive due to the poor quality of the materials ! Also , one of the minor pieces of our cage was broken when we unpacked it . Frankly , we do n't know what the piece is for , anyway -LRB- and my husband is working on a Ph.D in engineering !! -RRB- All in all , I 'm pretty disappointed . My parents sent this as a birthday gift . I think I 'm going to have to return it , sadly . I 'm angry that I have to pay return shipping . Maybe we will try the Super Pet Welcome Home Hutch instead .
 These were plastic junk , color was an ugly cream color . Sent them back and only got credit for one pair . Was taked for $ 15.31 that was not refunded . Will never purchase again and have let all our family and friends know .
 My dog squints when the sun is out and he looks so miserable . His eyes water too . So I decided to try out these Doggles . They fit fine ... and most of the time he would actually leave them on . But they did n't help with the squinting or the eye watering . My $ 5 sunglasses blocked more bright light then these do .
 Hi . I just wanted to warn dog owners about the danger of using galvanized metal for feeding or watering their dog . Galvanized metal has a coating of zinc which will leach into the water at a toxic level . Probably should also bypass the plastic waterer since they also leach pthalates and coloring into the water , especially if the waterer will be exposed to sunlight . Your dog deserves fresh , pure water so please buy the stainless steel automatic dog waterer . Toxins in the water may not make your dog acutely sick , but will degrade his/her health over time . sp
 This bed does n't provide much support , and at 24 x 12 x 15 inches , is a quite small for my 11.5 lb . cockerpoo who ca n't stretch out in it . Even curled up , she completely fills up this bed . I bought it in hopes that she would sleep in it instead of trying to sleep on my bed . She seems to prefer the floor or rocking chair to this bed which she only uses for only small part of the night . Considering returning it .
 I would not suggest buying this product . Zinc is very toxic for birds . Stay away from it . Use stainless steel instead .
 I purchased this product after my toy poodle 's leg was amputated due to a cancerous growth . I had hoped to use it near my bed so that my little ` girl ' could continue getting up and down it with ease . I returned the PupSTEP within a week or two when it was apparent it was of no use to her . The design of this product is hugely flawed . The steps are too narrow in depth and width , which makes it likely the pet will fall off them.The steps also appear to cant or tilt forward , but it 's possible they are just aligned vertically straight up , which is just as bad . The design should have the wider and deeper steps tilting away from the incline , not towards it . I ca n't possibly see how any elderly or disabled dog or cat could ever learn to use them . My pooch certainly was n't able to , despite repeated attempts to train her.Not only is the design of the PupSTEP flawed , but it is aesthetically unpleasing . Downright cheap and crummy looking , to be blunt , but had it served its intended purpose , I would have overlooked that and kept it . As it was , I could n't wait to return it and get a full refund .
 Buyer Beware ... Purchased the Solvit PupSTEP XT Pet Stairs , which are horrendus . They supposedly can support 250lbs. , but my 40lb dog was afraid to use them . They are incredibly flimsy and cheap ... DO NOT BUY!When we called AbsolutelyPets to complained , they were unsympathetic . The product came pre-assembled and without a package , unless you consider the shipping box . Because we opened the `` package '' we would have to pay for the shipping and a 20 % restocking fee . They do not stand behind their products ... I will never purchase a thing from them again !
 please do n't buy this product , its noway near what its worth , very unsafe , slippery not steady you 're risking your pets safety with this product its a total rip off I immediately returned it
 Copper is TOXIC to birds , any one who uses this can kill their birds specially people who do not know copper is toxic to birds !
 It does the job , would have liked it already with something to hang on it in my cage . Too Short ! I would skip this toy . .
 If you have a small dog under 10 lbs . this pen may be fine , but it is far too flimsy for a larger pet . The pictures of it on the box -LRB- which are the only directions it comes with , BTW -RRB- , shows it can be placed in several different configurations , but the only one that is anywhere close to being sturdy is the octagon shape , and even that needs stabilizers to keep it from wobbling . I called the company and they do n't provide stabilizers . I already have a Midwest pen which comes with stabilizers , and it is a far better and sturdier play pen , but they do n't make a black one with a door . I will have to call them about that to see if maybe they have on in the works.Another thing is that the door on the `` 36 `` H x 24 '' 8 Panel GoGo Black Epoxy Exercise Pen w / Door '' is that in order for a person to get into the pen through the door , he or she must crawl in because there are bars above the door blocking a walk-through entrance . Terribly inconvenient , especially if one is older and has mobility and arthritis problems.I would NOT recommend this product for all the reasons above unless you have a very small dog , and are a young person who can do a lot of crawling around on your hands and knees , and even then , it is just too inconvenient . Take my word for it ... it 's a cheaper price than most , but just not worth the hassle . Plus , you ca n't send it back without spending just about as much as you paid for it.Don ' t waste your money ... go with a Midwest pen . You can buy them online at Amazon or at your local Tractor Supply .
 The size that I ordered from their description was off by 2 to 4 inches on every dimension , and the quality was marginal at best .
 This bed does n't provide much support , and at 24 x 12 x 15 inches , is a quite small for my 11.5 lb . cockerpoo who ca n't stretch out in it . Even curled up , she completely fills up this bed . I bought it in hopes that she would sleep in it instead of trying to sleep on my bed . She seems to prefer the floor or rocking chair to this bed which she only uses for only small part of the night . Considering returning it .
 I bought this so my dog 's kennel would be more comfy . Unfortunately my dog is a scratcher and she had the middle of this bed torn up in a day .
 It looked thick in the picture , but the bottom of this has no padding at all , my greyhound wo n't even lay on it . waste of money .
 I guess now , they only allow the reg . PetVision to be sold on Amazon . It 's stupid politics on the companies part -LRB- I know , I spoke to someone who works for them -RRB- . They want to appease vets , so they only allow them to sell the PetVision Pro . Absolutely idiotic . The review below is one I left when they were selling PetVision PRO online , not the regular one . I did not find the regular one to work.I bought this for my dogs w / mature cataracts . ONe had gone completely blind , which broke both of our hearts.She 's too old for surgery , so I thought WTH . I 'll try it . After about two weeks , she started avoiding things.They 'd have to be larger objects , and definitely a darker or brighter color than the background , but it madesuch a difference in her outlook . She 'd also focus on the dropper as it got near her eye . I switched to Ocluvet because it had more studies backing it , etc. . Now three days later she 's walking around with that dazed look , bumping into everything . I guess I wasted good $ $ on the much more expensive Ocluvet and will be getting this again .
 This product does not work to eliminate cataracts . . If u have a punctuate or dry eye it may help but full blown cataracts no ...
 this product is not similar to the one i buy at petsmart or petco the smell does not have that hydrogen sulphide smell ido n't know what i got
 Claims to remove ammonia . Ammonia is present in my tap , and that is why I chose this product over other water conditioners out there . You have to use this product at 10 times the dosage listed on the bottle in order to remove ammonia from your tap water . If you are buying this for ammonia , then I recommend looking into a different product . Seachem Stability is also a terrible product . I would avoid Seachem products altogether if I were you .
 Probably does the job , but at the same time I 've lost a number of fish since I started using it.Will likely return to using Top Fin , as it does n't stink of sulfur , and I feel more confident with it .
 Im sure it is a good product but ... it is too high a concentration and it is a ton of stuff . I do n't know if it works but I think it killed my snails .
 This and other brand similar plastic logs are dangerous.Our gerbil got his head -LRB- past his ears -RRB- caught in one of the small holes today -LRB- terrifying until we got him out -RRB- . We almost had a major disaster . When I alerted people I know , one man told us his hamster also had gotten caught in one of these logs a while ago.They are good for mice and fish - that 's about it . Too dangerous for gerbils and hamsters .
 My Dakota LOVES duck & when the recall happened I endlessly searched for USA made products imparticularly DUCK !! We bought the entire line & she HATED it all with the exception of the ` chicken thinkers ' & she 's only 50/50 on those ... . So , I would n't recommend them to ` picky ' eaters .
 I have used these treats often for my dog . . she loves them . You can imagine how horrified I was to open a new bag today and find the treats covered with mold . Here is the really bad part . I called Plato to report this and their response was that they knew the batch I had -LRB- expiration April 2014 -RRB- had a mold problem and they have corrected the issue that caused the mold . If they knew about it ... WHY did they not notify their distributors to pull these bags from the shelf ? The gentleman I spoke to told me he would send me a new bag ... not good enough for me . . my pet store can give me a new bag in exchange for this contaminated product . I am so upset and disgusted with not only the product but Plato 's response to this disgusting product of theirs that I bought and almost gave to my dog .
 My two Chihuahuas loved `` Cadet Gourmet Pet Treats Duck Breast Fillets '' , the 32-Ounce package I had been buying at Costco . However , I discovered it was made in China and feared this product could make them sick or cause death . So I started searching for a company in the USA that made dog jerky treats . I found Plato Natural Duck Strips and ordered a bag . This product does not look like or smell like duck jerky strips . My Chihuahuas sniffed it and just walked away . It does n't even smell like duck . Rather , it smells somewhat fishy . A waste of my money !
 This product is more of a crumbly cookie . My beagle ate it for a few days and then refused them . I thought that his digestive system was a bit disrupted by this product , as well . Of course , I can not say for sure that these treats were the cause of his upset ... perhaps my beagle can . Anyhow , I will not be repeating this order .
 This is an easy review because the judgement was made by our two papillons . They live for their treats and are NOT especially picky about treats . These items are dried , uniform in size , and although they may be `` organic '' they smell bad and my dogs would have nothing to do with them . I threw them out and wanted to share the expensive experience with others so they would not waste their money .
 The duck sticks were old , greasy and had a rank smell . The container had a US flag sticker on the lid . My dog really likes the Tinker duck treats , but I would n't give her these . I hope Amazon finds a different supplier .
 My dogs love these treats and buying them online was much cheaper than retail . However , both bags that I ordered had dry , crumbly treats inside .
 I gave a one only rating due to my dog 's reaction.My Boxer would love these but the new batch even smells different and after giving him 1 or 2 treats his back paws became red and a little swollen.So , I took him to the vet and we eliminated all the foods except these , what do you know , pinky swollen paws.So , my dog ca n't have these and I 'm left with 2 & 1/2 bags.This never happened before with Plato Duck and Chicken treats and I 'm very sorry but now ordered Milo 's Kitchen from Amazon .
 but he wo n't got near these treats . i 'm so sad because i have a large package of them . my chuggle/puggle put one in his mouth and spat it out . again , sad .
 I ordered four containers and two were fine , but the other two were not . The bad treats had a greasy coat on the sticks and when I tried to split the treats in half , they crumbled and fell apart . I am debating on whether to purchase another container because they are much cheaper online , but prefer the consistent quality of the retail store in my neighborhood .
 These treats are the worst I have ever encountered . Yes , they are natural , but good ? No . They are dry as hell and I liken them to particle board because of the way they shred and crumble . I would choke if I had to try to swallow these dried up things . Nothing about them resemble duck meat . My dogs would n't eat them , and one of them would pretty much eat anything . Would not recommend these at all .
 I never got this order and had written to the seller several times without a response . I would not recommend ordering from this seller . Waited 30 days for the order to arrive , it never did and no communication from them .
 I selected Flourish Excel after viewing -LRB- and rejecting -RRB- several planted tank fertilizers that listed copper on their labels because I planned to add freshwater shrimp to the planted set-up . I used this product , and was pretty cautious with the dosing because the tank is a small one . I added the shrimp about a week later , but sadly , they did everything but `` flourish '' even though the tank was lush and green and the water parameters were perfect . When I tried to pinpoint the cause , I discovered that Flourish Excel contains copper after all ! This should be clearly on the label so that planted tank enthusiasts do n't unwittingly kill their copper-sensitive invertebrates.Bottom line
 This is a good product but would drain your pocket.Try Metricide 14 . Way stronger and cheaper than Excel.Read more in the forum . Go to theplantedtank.net and search for Metricide 14 vs Excel . or search Metricide 14 to replace Excel ?
 As stated in title , some boost in plant life was seen but at the cost of dead fish . IF you use this product underdose OR you WILL have DEAD FISH GUARANTEED .
 I got this a few weeks ago and it still is n't working . I put one cap in my tank everyday since it says one cap per 50gallons of water -LRB- i have a 55g -RRB- . Still my plants are n't looking good . They are green but have brown and yellow spots and leaves . Also since iv used this my tank is very cloudy . Done with this , will try nutrafin 's plant growth .
 I was reccomended to this product by a fish store I 've been going to for a while . The day I put it in both my tanks with live plants I had leaves starting to turn white . After 3 days I stopped because the results were n't getting better . I ended up with a drop in ph , one dead fish and some dead leaves but my plants survived . I read one review that stated this product kills algae but helps plants to grow , how does that happen ?
 my dog hated the scent and it did not work at all . dont waste your money on this product . it smells like rubbing alcohol . i bought it 1.5 yrs ago and i have more than 3/4 of the bottle left .
 No problem with the order or delivery - everything went smooth . The product effectively worked for about a day or so , then our pup pretty much ignored it after that . Odd as it seems , using it sparingingly seemed to work better than using it daily .
 I had heard from friends that it works with their dogs but it did not help mine . He simply panted and shook with the ` sprayed ' bandana around his neck . I wish it would have worked . I could look forward to some sleep during thunderstorms .
 This device was apparently defective . The red light would come on , but neither of my dogs showed the slightest response to it.I returned it .
 This worked great the first 2 days . Now both of my dogs ignore it . I would say it 's a waste of money for 2 days . : -LRB-
 After reading several reviews I took a chance & should have saved my money . Unless you are standing face-to-face with a dog , it is ineffective , and if they 're that close , it 's too late !
 We must have the loudest JRT on the planet w / a high pitched shrill wall-shaking shriek-y bark . Unfortunately this did not work . Guess even * he * ca n't hear it over his own noise .
 There 's no way this thing works . I 've tried it on 3 dogs over the course of months and have never seen a single reaction .
 Did not work at all for my sheltie , even with commands . I do not recommend buying this product . I have n't tried other products because I found some training methods from a book I borrowed from a neighbor to be much more effective .
 I read the Amazon reviews . Decided to try it . My dogs , both mature , paid absolutely no attention to it . 2 feet away , 6 feet away , 10 feet ... made no difference . They did not react at all ! No perked ears , no turned head , nothing . I checked the device and the red light came on each time I pressed the button , so I assume it was working as designed . I returned it .
 I had high hopes for this product after reading previous reviews . I have a small poodle that barks at the drop of a pin . This device did not discourage her one bit . My other dog seems oblivious to it as well . The cat however did seem very disturbed by it .
 I ordered a Pet Agree based on positive reports from acquaintances , and witnessed results . I did not receive a Pet Agree -LRB- although that was what was confirmed on my order -RRB- . I received a substitute item . The substitute item failed to operate/function . I tried installing a new battery . It still failed . I contacted the supplier , reporting the item did not operate and requesting to return it -LRB- or exchange -RRB- . I never received a reply . Therefore , I am disappointed and I can not say anything positive about this experience except it was received in a timely manner .
 I was pleased to see that this item was actually made in the States , it 's been so long ! It worked fine the first couple times I used it . After that , nothing . My dog completely ignores this thing . I checked the voltage and the battery is at full power . We need a truth in advertising law in this country . Into the trash .
 Product only seemed to make barking dogs bark more . Would not stop them from barking . I would not buy this product again .
 It got my dog 's attention the first two times I used it , but not even enough to get her to stop the bad behavior . She would stop and tilt her head with her ears perked , but then would go back to doing whatever she was doing . Then after the third time , she did n't even acknowledge the sound . Returned it the next day .
 I bought this but unfortunately it did not work on my 4 month old lab mix at all -LRB- he is 26 lbs -RRB- . He ignored it the whole time , or just did not hear it . It stopped my 3 year old dachshund the first few times I used it , but after that he did not bother with it . Our next door neighbor 's Rottweiler also simply ignore it.The only thing it seemed to do was drive my cats crazy . My guess is that it only really works on really small dogs .
 Our wheaten terrier enjoys a good bark now and then . I thought this might do the trick . Unfortunately she seems to enjoy barking even more when the unit is used . I guess it is time to take my losses and get a trainer to deal with the barking behavior .
 The product was delivered very fast and had no problems in shipping . My problem is that the dog stopped responding to it after one day . It worked at first , the dog has problems with nibbling , but after the first day of use , the dog does not respond to the product one bit .
 I have a small Rat Terrier that is completely out of control on walks . When she sees another dog , she pulls , jumps , barks and goes wild ! My wife and I hoped that this would be the answer , but she did not show any signs of hearing anything . She completely ignores it . I also thought I could use it , along with voice commands , to stop her barking in our back yard , but that also did not work . From other reviews , it sounds as if it has worked for other people , it just did not for us .
 I purchaed this product hoping it would work for my Pug . Well it worked for about a week . All of a sudden my boy became fearful of everything . I never had any problems before except for the barking . I made a mistake my boy was almost perfect but he did have a barking problem , we have many agressive dogs near us and he became fearful.After using this for almost a week my boy is now scared of everything . He does not want to go off my deck for his walk , he has started to urinate in the house for fear of going out . He seems angry at me and will not jump on my lap no matter what I do . He is attacking my cat now . I can not touch certain body parts sometimes , his barking is much worse . He is now neurotic . I did not believe the report that said this is a possibility.I gave up the device and now am working very hard to re-establish our very loving bond that we had before . It is hard but worth it.Honestly please consider that this may happen to your baby and try something else , this is not a cheap fast fix . If you take note most of these reviews are within the first few days or weeks , that is when the problem started for me and my dog.Get a good book like Fiesty Fido found here on Amazon cheap and do you and your baby a favor .
 It does n't work ... sometimes it does , most of the time it does n't . It worked for about three days and then all of a sudden stopped working after we had it for about a month . We only use it when necessary but unfortunately right now it is completely useless and the batteries work fine . I also do NOT recommend for house with indoor cats .
 This product was a major disappointment and a complete waste of money has it has no effect either on my dog or my neighbors . I purchased it as a barking deterrent / training aid and am extremely disappointed .
 This product was effective for about 48 hours . After that , it either stopped working altogether or my cat simply got accustomed to the sound . I ca n't really tell which since I ca n't hear it either way . In any case , my cat does n't even raise her head or turn around when I press the button . This was a waste of money .
 I bought this and some other dog repeller for my dad so he walk in the park safely without getting hassled by a nasty dog . He said he was almost bitten by a pit-bull when he tried to use this junk on it .
 My dog does n't even flinch with this thing so I do n't think it even works . I ca n't tell because I ca n't hear it , but it does n't even catch my dogs attention . Waste of money .
 The battery with a use by date of 2015 was DOA . I replaced the battery and the red light would come on when pressed but had no effect on either of our dogs or other dogs . I returned it to Amazon for a refund .
 Bought the Pet Agree for protection when walking my dogs . After trying it on mine I decided to return it . They heard something as one of their ears twitched . The other had no reaction . And yes , they both can hear . I am returning for a refund.I love shopping with Amazon . Their return policy is wonderful .
 This product had zero effect on our dog either in training or when resting . Might not be the units fault but rather that our pooch has a higher tolerance to the sound emitted .
 Purchased this item about 2 weeks ago & tried it out on my neighbors ' dogs several times according to the provided instructions . In all instances , the dogs -LRB- of varying ages , so hearing impediment was not an issue -RRB- did not react at all to the signal emitted by the device . In fact , I have my doubts about whether this device even produced an ultrasonic sound at all ! I guess I 'll never find out unless I want to spend more $ . Do n't waste your time & $ on this useless device ! I will try to return it to the supplier .
 We bought this unit to train our Chihuahua to stop barking . She definitely hears it and does respond to it but it does not stop her from barking when you use the unit . I feel it was a complete waste of money .
 I tried this device on a couple of small dogs that bark incessantly in my neighborhood . I walked up within 3 feet of them , pointed the device directly at them , pressed the button firmly for 20 seconds and it had absolutely no effect whatsoever . As a matter of fact , I think they even increased their barking frequency . Maybe this works for others , but a waste of money for me .
 I bought this product thinking that it would help.To say the least it is a waste of money and completely useless . I did n't send it back because I misplaced the box it came in and the receipt , I still have it and it was a waste of time and money .
 The worst . Does n't work at all . I am very sad I spent money for that . Does n't affect the dogs at all . I was thinking that would keep dogs far from me and my people but I was wrong . Does n't work at all .
 Great concept , useless product . My dog barks a lot . When I used it , you could tell he heard it , but I was concerned it was hurting his ears . After a while , he did n't even pay attention to it so another paperweight . Should have returned it .
 In short , my 17 old cat just completely ignores it , and 7-year old cat just barely notices there is some sound but it does not prevent him to do what he intended to do . Wasted money !
 Hi , I want to know what kind of batteries this product use?Thanks
 Makes our cats ears perk up when I momentarily hit the button.But for the two neighbor dogs - it has no effect at all .
 THIS DEVICE IS SO PHONY , I 'M ASHAMED THAT I PURSCHASED IT !! THE ONLY THING IT 'S GOOD FOR IS TO CALL IN CRICKETS ! DOGS ROLLED OVER LAUGHING AT ME.IT USES TWO BATTERIES THAT ARE FOR SHOW . DO N'T BUY IT !! -LRB- UNLESS YOU WANT TO WATCH CRICKETS HUMP -RRB-
 Unless this is attached to your hip at all times -LRB- it does have a clip for such a purpose -RRB- you have to search for it as soon as the dog starts barking.I bought it for my older dog who is 3 and she does not really care about it , but the younger pup comes running . The question I have also and it might be a stupid one ... how do I know when it runs out of batteries ! : -RRB-
 I bought this product in hopes it would quieten down my 2 year old Yorkie & my 1 year old Pohmeranian ... Not only did it not even phase them , it actually made them bark more !!! I would not recommend this product to anyone with small , yappy or headstrong animals ! I suppose I will go back to the `` newspaper method '' !!! : -RRB-
 Ca n't really tell if it is working or not . There seems to be no change in my dogs barking .
 It does n't work ... A complete waste of money . I have a very vocal 6 year old German Shepherd who barks at everything and this had no effect on her whatsoever ! Very disappointing !
 This product did not turn out to be what I was hoping for . Our dog is not at all affected or reactive to the device . The sound is of a higher frequency but is very audible to the human ear . I just sent it back for a return yesterday .
 The Pet-Agree Ultrasonic only got my dog 's attention the first few times I used it , then he completely ignored the sound . Did not work as advertised !
 Does not work even close up . Does not even work in the house . I wish it did . I really needed it . My dogs just ignore it as those it is not even there .
 I ordered this hoping it worked as other reviews mentioned . I was dissapointed . I point this at my dogs and they do n't hear anything . They continue barking as if nothing was heard . I would n't recommend this to anyone ; it 's a waste of money !
 I bought this after reading all the great reviews so I was really disappointed to find that it did n't work at all with my lab/beagle puppy . She just cocks her head when I hit the button . The sound does n't bother her in the least . However , the cats freak out and run away . So if you 're looking for a training device for stubborn kitties that keep jumping on the counter or scratching something they should n't like the puppy this is the device for you . I 'm going to try the Dazer II instead .
 We received this in hopes to help deter our dogs barking when we let him out to go to the bathroom . We tried this device and it got their attention the first couple of times . after that they pay no attention to it .
 I bought this product in hopes to quiet my hyperactive-easily excited chihuahua/poodle pup . To be honest , I did n't make the purchase with a great expectation - I figured `` Eh , 20 bucks ... worth a shot . '' It 's what I get for not having any faith I suppose - product did not do a single thing for my little girl . At first I thought there was a small improvement , but my guess was that Lola was only weary of me pointing the thing at her -LRB- only other thing I 've aimed at her with that look in my eye , was a squirt bottle -LRB- which she does n't seem to mind getting wet so much either , go figure -RRB- -RRB- . After she realized the thing was n't a threat to her dryness , my yanking it out of my pocket in an attempt to surprise her with it 's appearance when she started barking , has n't even phased her . I guess I 'm not as sly as I thought , she must have known it was there along - I could n't even distract her from the roommate who got up to go to the bathroom , but stood a little too fast for comfort . * Sigh * I hope this works for the rest of you that are this-close to pulling your hair out . As for me , my next Amazon purchase may end up being a wig ...
 I purchased this item because I go horse riding in trails where we get attacked by dogs sometimes . Well , the devise seems to work sometimes , and the dogs will just stop harrasing , but sometimes it is as if they do n't hear it.I wish there was something more efficient to stop at once the vicious dogs ...
 My nextdoor neighbors have a young , large German shepard that they leave out all day and night . It barks all day long ... but the police wo n't do anything about it because its not a `` sustained '' bark over a certain amount of time . The neighbors are elderly acloholics and will bring the dog in when i complain , but the next day its business as usual . Telling the dog to lie down and go to sleep didnt work ... reporting the dog to the city police officers didnt work ... talking nicely to the neighbors didnt work ... so i tried out the Pet-Agree . Guess what ? Nothing . The dog is 30 feet away and it had no affect . So , i went with Plan B. I pulled out an old wrist-rocket i have and plunked the dog on the rear end . He ran under the deck and didnt come out for the rest of the day . Works every time . Thanks Pavlov for the conditioned-response research . Problem solved .
 This does n't work at all . The first time I used it my dog looked at me as if to say `` Are you serious ? '' . I swear I could hear her laugh behind my back . Get the cheaper and more effective `` Pet Corrector '' . That works .
 I purchased the item understanding it would be an aid to training my chihuahua not to bark when visitors come into my living room . He totally ignored the device . Returned for a refund .
 no good for me . immediately after realizing it was useless , i put it in a drw and forgot about cause i cant be bothered with returns . guess it will go on the next trip to the thrift store .
 My two year old chihuahua mix , Jake , responded to it . At first , I thought it was the greatest invention ever . He would stop barking right away and come running in the house with his tail between his legs and tremble . But even after I stopped using it he trembles and cowers most of the day . He is afraid of people coming over , afraid of people walking down the street , afraid of sirens , scared to death when our new puppy barks . It has completely broken his spirit . He does n't want to play anymore . I thought I was doing the humane thing by using this noise deterrent rather than a shock collar but I ca n't imagine anything upsetting him more than this . Funny thing is , the new puppy , a 4 month old havenese mix does n't even act like she hears it . I got a citronella spray collar for her since the ultrasonic collar was so upsetting to the first dog and it seems to be working . It has been almost a month since I last used the ultrasonic collar and he still shakes and trembles all the time when he thinks it is going to go off . How do I reverse this ?
 Two small and one large barking dogs next door , Works well on big one , but not the other two . 10 ft away or shorter .
 Have two miserable neighbor dogs about 10 ft from my bedroom window . Ahole neighbor leaves them outside all hours and they bark constantly . Reported to police and animal control , but nothing has changed . Will have to report again and again and hope the dogs get taken away . Bought this device in the hopes it would shut them up . It DOES get their attention . They look at me funny , but continue barking their butts off . If a dog wants to bark , it will bark . This does not make them quiet , it simply distracts them for a minute . Will return this , do n't waste your money if you have really crazy loud dogs , this does n't phase them .
 After reading all the previous reviews , I had a feeling this might not work for all the dogs . But because all the other options were tried , I got one for my neighbor 's wiener dog . The device worked properly , but this young wiener dog did n't respond at all . He kept barking regardless . I tried the device with several different ranges , but no , he was probably too dumb to understand it . There was a warning from other reviewers that this device may not work for small dogs , but better for medium size dogs . I hope this device will work for other people who have the same problem .
 I only gave it 2 stars because I dont like to use the word `` hate '' . But this product did not work at all . At one point , I could even hear my neighbor 's dog laughing at me . .
 I have 2 jack/chis that bark at people it worked on the boy dog for a couple days but then he started ignoring it completely . My girl never responded at all to it , completely ignored it from the start . I had high hopes because my mom bought one for her 2 dashunds and they responded well at first , which is why I placed an order for this product . But just like my dog within 2 weeks they stopped responding . I thought maybe the battery was low and replaced it just in case but no luck .
 This product does not work for me . There is absolutly no effect on the neighbors dog . I will return it .
 This product had no reaction on my dog . I ended up giving it away to someone else . Total waste of money ! I did n't send it back because I threw away the box thinking it would work . But I was totally wrong !!! Do n't bother wasting your money on this .
 My dogs bark all day long at people walking by the house so I ordered the ultrasonic dog trainer as a way to eliminate the barking . It seemed to work the first two or three times I used it on them , but they stopped responding after that . The device has no effect on them .
 We have a puppy and bought this to try to keep him from jumping on a gate we have in our home . The very first time we used it the dog 's ears went back and he stopped so we figured he heard the sound and this would be an effective training tool . Boy , we were wrong . From that point on the dog did not care one bit about the ultrasonic trainer ! I 'm thinking the cats did n't like it as they definitely ran away . So our opinion is it might be an effective cat training tool but for our little dog - waste of money .
 Sure it stops dogs from what they are doing , but only momentarily . If you have a large breed the shock collar is still the way to go .
 Have had this unit for some time , and it is not affective in stopping the barking of our Jack Russel terrier . He hears it , and it startles him , but then , he keeps on barking . We 've tried it at home and in the car to no avail .
 It did n't even work a little . Our dog took no notice of it . Maybe it works for other dogs , but it did n't work for ours .
 I do n't know if I was sent a defective unit , or if my Labrador just chooses to ignore the sound . Sometimes he 'll look at me when I push the button , as if he 's wondering what I 'm up to . As for having any effect on his behavior , absolutely not . I could do better with a squirt bottle . I would send it back but I 'm not going to bother with the shipping costs -LRB- and the ones I 've already lost in the original shipment -RRB- . I tried to save ten bucks with this item and I got what I paid for .
 I bought this product for my Terrier , but he only stops for a moment then ignores it totally . It only works for a short time after my pet understood the noise he no longer responds to the sound .
 Well , after reading all the positive results , I decided to buy one . I was excited to use it on my dog when it started barking . It did not make one bit a difference.I can hear it humming when I get it close to my ear and the red light comes on , so I know it works . My dogs hearing is very good also . Even when I point to my dog 5 feet away , it still has no effect . Do n't waste your money . Throw empty coke cans filled with a few pennies . It works better ...
 RECENTLY PURCHASED THIS ITEM TO TRY TO STOP DOG FROM BARKING AND WHINING AND IT DOES NOT WORK ON HIM AT ALL . . DOES N'T EVEN PHASE HIM , WHEN I PUSH BUTTON ... NOTHING !!!!! DOG DOES N'T SEEM TO EVEN NOTICE IT !!!!
 The first couple of times I used this on our Yorkie , it worked . He had a sock in his mouth and immediately dropped it . I rewarded him as directed . The next few times I tried using it , there was little or no effect on his behavior . It does seem to work to call him back in the house when he has been let out into our back yard .
 This unit tho highly rated performed no function . The dogs had no reaction to it except curiosity . They came up and sniffed the unit while it was activated . I highly recommend this unit as a paperweight .
 Ended up returning this product . None of my dogs even responded to it in the slightest . If they could laugh at it , I think they would have . I could have sworn I saw little smirks on their faces !
 We have a Boston Terrier that jumps on people . Thinking this would be better than a shock collar was asking to much . May be good for dogs that are n't mentally handicapped .
 My 5 month golden doodle is not bothered by this at all , still jumps on my counters . Trying a shock collar and getting better results .
 After reading other reviews , we purchased this item to help us train our golden retriever not to bark when there was n't a valid reason -LRB- someone at the door , stranger in the area ... -RRB- . It was effective for about a week and then only seemed to egg our golden retriever on when we used it . We have stopped using the device . It was a waste of money .
 This was our 2nd ultrasonic trainer - see my other review for the other brand that didnt work . It confused her for about a day then she could care less . The only time it worked was when she was barking so much my mom threw it at her!Now we use a spray bottle and she quites down .
 I found this device not to work most of the time . I have a Yorkie and he is distracted for a moment and then goes back to his barking . It is difficult to grab it from a pocket and know right away which side should be toward the dog . It seems heavy and awkward to hold . I would return it , but it would cost too much .
 We ended up buying a shock collar with the vibrating feature . This little clicker just did not work for us . At first it got the dogs attention but after she realized it did n't do anything it did not work
 wasted my money do not think worked liked it was suppose to and could not be bother to return the item , would not recommend it to anyone ...
 In fairness I have n't tried it on other dogs , but mine pays no attention to it . I 'll wait to see how it works on other animals but for now it is sitting on the shelf unused .
 Complete and total waste of money . Dogs look at and keep right on barking . Would return but can not find box .
 I returned this item ... does not work at all ... since a human cant hear it I wasnt even sure if it was working the only thing I know is my dog didnt react and kept barking
 This works really well to irritate our cats , but we got it for our puppy and after one day , despite using it very sparingly , he stopped responding to it . Our cats still shoot us evil looks and run though .
 K-Ii Enterprises Pet-Agree Dog Training Aid Ultrasonic does not work on my neighbor 's dog . It still keeps barking when I push the button . Only there are fewer time it goes away , but still keep barking from about twenty feet away . I thought maybe I need a stronger one to work on it . Anybody has better idea can help me ?
 My malti-poo knows that I am using the device , but does n't care . It is n't enough of a distraction or deterrent to stop bad behavior
 After reading many reviews , a lot of them negative , I still decided to give this a try.We have a small spaniel -LRB- 15 lbs . -RRB- that barks nonstop for a few minutes every time he 's let outside . And that sets off our neighbor 's 3 big dogs who bark constantly whenever we 're in our yard.The training aid worked at first to get our dog 's attention , along with a `` no barking '' command , but it does n't seem to bother him that much , he seems mostly just curious about the sound.As others have mentioned , I do n't think it works well for small dogs like mine with long ears . And it made our neighbor 's bigger dogs crazier than ever ; they barked even more ! It was like it made them mad , so I will NEVER use it to try to ward off an approaching aggressive dog.I recommend not wasting your money if you have a small dog . Apparently it works for some dogs better than others.I do ; however , recommend buying from Amazon.com . Products always arrive properly packed and earlier than expected . And their return policy and customer service is the best !
 Bought it to use it on neighbor dogs . Maybe our distance is too far , but it seems to have no effect at all . I tried it from our bedroom with windows open which can be as far as 20ft plus from the dogs . The dogs are great dane and basset hound .
 I DID NOT HAVE SUCCESS WITH THIS ITEM MY DOG JUST LOOKED AT ME AND COULD HAVE CARED LESS . SORRY
 Worked great for 2 weeks , then my dog could n't care less if you pressed it . Maybe I over used it . but after reading more reviews it seems common . My dog reacts better to the $ 3 clicker i purchased .
 This does not work at all . I had really high hopes for this device but my dog does not even hear it . I have tried clicking it when he is not paying attention to see if he was ignoring it or was not hearing it at all . He had no reaction whatsoever so I think he does n't hear anything .
 I could his attention easier by waving a flashlight at him . A complete waste of my money , I 've already thrown it out !
 Do not waste your money on it . Did not work and I have 6 dogs , no results at all , invest money in training .
 Did n't work at all . Nothing more to say . I pointed it directly at the dog without obstructions in the way . Followed the directions in detail . The dog did n't bark more or less . Nothing . Waste of money .
 It did n't work as I expected.I intended to use it to restrain my dogs from barking so much.It did n't .
 Maybe this works for some dogs but our dog acted like nothing was going on when we used this on him .
 This product did not work well for me at all . Maybe I was using it wrong . I do n't know . But I was n't satisfied with it at all .
 The Boxer did n't even hear this thing.The lab puppy paused for about a half a second and then ignored it on repeated attempts .
 At first it seemed to help , but she got used to it and it just made our other dog wonder why she was getting punished all the time.I ca n't say it does n't work . I have spent a fortune on bark control devices . I 've tried electric shock , ultrasonic , like this one , wistles , treats , and citronila collars , and none of them seemed to phase her after a coupon days . !! The one that works best is the `` Gentle Spray Sense Anti-Bark '' . It might work for anyone else , my girl is high maintenence !!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have two older dogs that never seem to stop barking and this product was worthless maybe it would have worked if they were still puppies but I found it to have no affect on my dogs
 Whomever posted that this thing actually works owes me money . I did buy a couple of the little birdhouse looking squakboxes and they do the job , but this hand-held thing is bogus . Unless a dog is right up on it , it will not do a thing . I received it and pressed the button . I did n't hear a thing and being the type of guy who will actually zap his own leg with a stun gun , I held it in front of me and pressed the button . I was able to hear a high-pitched wave but not really a sound . So I took it home . As I walked out to the garage , the neighbor 's stupid , constant-barking mutts began their ceremonial assault . I withdrew my trusty blue sound blaster and hit the button . Hoping for some type of response , I saw NOTHING . The dogs did n't wince , whine or anything . They could have cared less . Needless to say , the little birdhouse things gave me the piece of mind , silence and satisfaction I was seeking , but not this thing . Do n't waste your money . It 's junk .
 My neighbor just got a new dog and let me tell you ... I HATE this dog . It spends most of the day barking . To their credit , when they are home , they do try to remedy it - most of the time . However , they work early . So every morning at 4:30 am they leave the house to go to work . Guess what that leaves my family with . A barking dog . 5am has now become the new wake up for my 2 year old.I bought this , knowing it was n't going to solve my problem , but I thought at least it would give the dog a moment of pause.NOPE.This thing has no effect . The dog does n't even seem to notice . I walked right up to the fence , put my arm over and hit the button . The dog did n't even care . BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK . That 's the continued response that I get with or without this device.I 'm sure this works for some people , as you can see by the reviews , but it did n't work in the slightest for me.I read a lot of reviews before buying this and all I can say is , you have a 50/50 chance if it 's going to work for you.Good luck .
 Item does not work . My dog did not react to the ultasonic sound . Changing the battery did not help either .
 A neighbor in my building has an aggressive Pit Bull that seems like he will rip you to shreds whenever anyone walks by their door . The dog goes into attack mode it 's very scary.I bought this and the first time I tried it , it did not work as the dog was behind their Apt door barking and trying to scratch at the door as if to knock it down and attack passers by.I then pointed the unit near the bottom of the door where the dog was ripping and barking at and pressed for 5 seconds saying `` NO '' . The dog SHUT UP . Unfortunately , it stopped working after a few weeks . The dog 's owners have threatened anyone who dare to complain.Not suggesting all Pit Bulls are abusive , but this one is .
 I gave it two stars because at least it quiets my cats ! Sometimes at night they yowl , this stops it ... my pomeranian , however , ca n't even hear it and so far it has n't really worked on any dog I 've tried it on , from neighbor dogs to my mother 's dog ... only the cats seem to notice this thing .
 Save your money for this one . We tried this on several dogs , along with the proper commands . It was like holding a blue brick in our hand . Absolutely no effect . Nada . Zip . Barking kept going on . No reaction . What a waste .
 After reading the reviews and like other disappointed customers , I had high hopes that this device would save me the trouble of purchasing a citronella collar and the expensive refills , and can double as a training device alternative to a clicker.When I received the item , I immediately sought to use it to get my Corgi 's attention for training purposes . He responded for the first 4-5 times . I noticed however that he did n't respond at all when his attention was heavily directed elsewhere . Worse yet , the device seemed to not work outdoors . My corgi responds immediately when I call his name or tell him to sit . But this thing ? Only when it was quiet.Did this mean that the device never worked and the first 4-5 times were really just flukes ? No . I 'm sure it works . However , it just does n't work well . It does n't work well enough to get my dog 's attention . I suppose the sound it makes is n't pronounced enough and becomes drowned out by other external noises.Edit # 1
 The dogs responded to it for a few days then they were able to ignore it . Do n't waste your money .
 This Pet Agree Clicker thing does n't work for once !!! It does n't even get the puppy 's attention , no mattter when he barks or bites ! Should not have wasted the money if I had seen such a warning ! The water spraying method would work instead !
 I got this sonic trainer to train my 2 puppies to stop eating bad stuff outside . I do n't want them eating sticks and pebbles/rocks . It worked at first but they learned that they just have to run out of range . Then it lost all effectiveness outside because they started ignoring it all together . I do live in a noisy area and that probably does n't help . But I think it is useless outdoors and it works fine inside . I find they react better to my voice than this thing , so for that reason I hardly ever use it .
 I spent $ 30 to find out that this does n't work on my dog . He does n't even acknowledge it with or without voice command . I 'd be better off throwing $ 30 in change at him . At least I 'd get a reaction !
 I bought this with the hope of curbing the barking of my dog . He did n't seem to notice nor care when the trainer was being used . It also had zero affect on the cat.Save your money !!!
 I purchased this product after a woman told me that it works really well . I checked the online reviews and that was the general consensus . I tried it and it worked really well for about a week . Then it suddenly stopped working on my miniature schnauzer . It also has zero effect on my cocker spaniel . I think the schnauzer still hears the sound but it must not be strong enough for her to stop barking .
 I purchased the `` No/No Hourglass Bird Feeder '' and I was unhappy with the results . The birds had difficulty getting the sunflower seeds through the mesh . After a couple days of watching the birds struggle to extract the seeds , I returned the product . On a plus side , the build quality seemed to be of a high quality .
 I ordered this in a hurry and did n't read all the fine print . I figured a bird feeder holds birdseed , noticed the high ratings and ordered . When I got it , I realized that it does not hold bird seed , but only sunflower seeds . So , if you are looking for a sunflower seed holder , this is great , maybe , but do n't get regular wild bird mix or song bird mix and expect it to work with this . I never return ANYTHING , but I 'm returning this . -LRB- My bad , should have read all the reviews and description more carefully . -RRB-
 This product was recommended to me by a friend who stated his older dog was able to move around much easier after taking this supplement . However , my dog became sick after taking this . He vomited a few times after eating this on top of his food . Maybe he just has a sensitive stomach because my friend loves this product .
 Seems there are counterfeit tubs of nuPro being sold . Go to the website and buy direct.This product did not look like nupro , did not smell like nupro and didnt work like nupro . Tossed it .
 So not only does this not work at all on any type of fecal matter that is not solidified -LRB- and randomly , at best , on already hardened stool - in which case , the product is really pointless anyway -RRB- , but when I got the item in the mail , I was both amused & shocked at the directions . It indicates that you are supposed to spray the top of the poop , then there 's a step where you must flip the poop over to spray the underside . Well , if I 'm gon na flip the crap over , I may as well just pick the damn thing up . Pardon the pun , but this product is the biggest ` waste ' of money ever .
 Price
 This product is a waste of time . I have been getting far better results freezing my own poop using my ordinairy under counter freezer ! Why would you wait for the dog to go?Pointless !
 When my dog usually lays a loaf , it 's of the super soft squidgy kind . Kinda like a Hostess Snowball . After using this product , his doggy little debbies are a bit more solid , but still way too squishy for me to want to pick up with my bare hands!So do what I do ! Sprinkle some cat litter on the poop and convince your dog that it 's cat poop . He 'll scarf his own doggie tootsie rolls like they were leftovers from dinner.How 's that for recycling Mr Gore ?!? BOOYAH !!
 Last time I checked , water based products such as Poop are n't really frozen at 62 degrees F.Personally I try to catch the poop in a zip-lock bag and take it straight to the deep freeze . This prevents freezer burn and that white crusty layer .
 NEW ! POOP-FREEZE Aerosol Freeze Spray -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- This product worked fine on regular poop , so what , I can pick that up with a baggie any day . I purchased this product for when my dogs had loose stools but it did not work on hardening these stools up to prevent a messy clean up . Sorry , it appeared to be a great idea !
 You know those cans of air you buy to clean your keyboards & other things ? Try turning one of those cans upside down and spraying the poop - couple of blasts - each about 5 seconds works great ! That and a putty knife lifts it right off the carpet !
 Does n't do the job of hardening or drying up the poop enough to pick up right away . You still have to give it time to air dry , which defeats the purpose ...
 The spray does at least partially freeze the poop all canine owners need to responsibly pickup , but it falls well short of the product claims . My family has used it under varying weather conditions and had uneven results , though we have precisely followed the directions . It is most effective -LRB- provided the directions are followed exactly -RRB- on very solid stool and least effective on soft/running stool . The obvious problem is the latter is exactly why one would purchase the product . We bought it to do a more thorough job picking up after our dogs on a multi-use trail . We bike with our dogs -LRB- using Walky Dog -RRB- and like to leave the trail as clean as possible for others and to ensure dogs continue to be permitted to use the trail . The product did not help as much as we had hoped . When our multi-can supply runs out , I do n't think we will purchase more .
 They do n't explain you not only have to take the can out but then find and put the straw on . . not easy with 1,2,3 or 4 dogs on leashes . Then the item does freeze the mess but also the grass . Also you need to turn the item over and freeze the back `` according to the instructions '' . . I have been unable to do this . I guess its an art ... like ... flipping pancakes.The freeze spray does help but do n't expect it to be anything like the commercial
 One can is not enough for a movement from either of my dogs . I try to be proactive by feeding them lots of popsicles . It does seem to work better in the winter though .
 This was the biggest disappointment I 've ever received from an Amazon seller . I tried three times , following the EXACT instructions and it did nothing except create an even soggier mess . I 'm glad I was n't depending upon this in somewhere other than my own pet 's yard . Shipping to return the item would be even more than what I 've already lost due to this fraudulent product . I will read EVERY review from now forward before even thinking of purchasing another product from Amazon.com .
 my parakeet goes crazy for this toy ! he wrestles it , rides it , rings the bell , and slides the beads . so when the first one would no longer stand upright after a few months , i reordered two more . both arrived damaged in that they would not stand upright . i returned those two & reordered again . all was well for a couple months then the same thing happened . if only this toy would last longer , i 'd say it 's the best parakeet toy ever !
 Cat still manages to pull off head with relative ease and pretty sure there is n't going to be a better product out there without restraining the legs of the cat .
 Somebody need to change this product descritpion because this product is only for cats under to 6 pounds . The product description said this product is for dogs and cats up to 6 pounds . This is not true . I 've already called to customer service requiring an return authorization number . I expect receive my money back in one week after I return it from ups .
 I have previously left packaging concerns with no response . The product arrivedwithout an inner seal and an outside screw on lid without a seal . Quite possibly this is a product with a lot of settling but the product inside the container appears only 2/3 full at the most . My concerns are the container was not sealed . I need to be assured this product is safe for my dogs to consume . I have a very high level of concern that the container was not properly sealed . Please adviseWas this product previously sent to another customer and returned with the seal broken ? I will not feed this product to my dogs until I 'm assurred it is safe.The Manufacturer of this product did contact me and I was told the product wasshipped by Amazon and to contact them . A comment was made that settling was common but the packaging issues were referred back to Amazon .
 We have been feeding this supplement to our five dogs for about four months now with no benefit to any of them . Our Staffordshire Terrier was highly allergic to the supplement and had to immediately be taken off it . Our Lab/AmStaff mix has arthritis in her knees and we had hoped this might help her a bit , but she has not shown any improvement . Our Australian Cattle Dog mix has a coarse coat and sheds heavily , but this did n't help that problem either . We 've tried feeding it to our horses , but neither of them will touch the stuff no matter what I mix it with . This product has been a HUGE , HUGE waste of money !
 After 2 years I discovered that the clamp was cracked . The part is not covered by warranty and there is no replacement part short of buying a a whole new clamp -LRB- msrp $ 22.99 -RRB- . This part should be stainless steel , not cast with air bubbles in it . I will try wrapping a pipe clamp around it , luckily not visible where my feeder is located .
 I had high hopes for this product based on the reviews here and bought three of them . The upper clamp on the first could not be tightened enough to stabilize the pole , so I decided to try the second . Installed the second one per the instructions , including a screw into the deck railing , and it seemed to be secure . I was actually pretty impressed with how stable it appeared to be until about two minutes after I hung the filled feeder on it . The whole thing collapsed , dumping the feeder and seed into the yard , and bending one of the perches on the feeder pretty badly ; I also have a large chunk pulled out of the porch railing where the screw pulled loose . It 's a Yankee Flipper and was fairly expensive so I 'm out a couple of hundred bucks for feeder and pole and I have to repair the porch rail . Needless to say , I am less than thrilled with the whole experience . I was not using the extension they sell separately that gives you two clamps -LRB- one on the top rail , and one on the bottom -RRB- ; perhaps that would have made a difference had I known they made such a thing . Still , I would not recommend this product .
 I did not pay attention to how big of a dog this would restrain . I have two Labrador retrievers - 60 and 70lb . This product was distroyed the first day.It would be alright for a dog of 8 - 10lb .
 I had the white drying sack for years . I wanted another one . When i ordered this one , I received a blue/duck drying sack . the whole is not big enough to get a wiggling ferret into it . I do not like the duck design either . Wondering if they still make the white drying sack , if not wish they would make it again .
 Dont bother getting this if you have full grown ferrets . My 1.5 and 2 year old ferrets , which are average size for their ages , hardly fit in it with room to roll around . They cant stand it .
 Bought this for Pickles the chihuaha and her sister Bambi , but will only be able to put it on Pickles as the material is a bit rough . Bambi has a skin condition and I am afraid this would irritate her . Otherwise , is cute . Additionally is a bit loose in places ; my chi 's are chesty but small through the waist .
 I have boughtMarshall 2-4/5 - Ounce Ferret-Aide Electrolyte/Hydration Concentratebefore and was pleased with it , however this particular purchase was a bad one . It expired 4 months after date I received it . It sounded hard and clumpy vs soft and powdery as it should have sounded.I did contact seller and was fully refunded with no hassles.Point I am trying to make is check EXPIRATION dates whether purchased in person or on-line .
 One of my ferrets quit using his litter box and started using a corner on a shelf of his cage instead so I bought these . I tried to use just one these springs in the corner at first and it did n't work . My ferret just backed up to it and poo 'd on it . I then tried using all four in the same corner and all that made him do was poo in front of the springs . My ferret would also try pulling and chewing on the springs so I gave up and removed them . I bought a toy that fastens to the cage and put it in that corner and finally my ferret quit going there and started using his litter box .
 this product is n't worth purchasing . my ferrets take no notice of them , going right over and under them to use the corners or right up against it . not a deterrent at all .
 I hope other fuzzies are interested in this item because my girls could really care less . They have n't given it a second glance since I put it in their cage .
 I have a 3 year golden retriever . He played with the Tuffies for about 15 minutes . Then he got down to business and had it ripped apart in about 10 minutes .
 I purchased two of these terrible items for my dogs . They are both large dogs , over 55 lbs. , and love to ride in my Jeep Cherokee . First of all , the only thing you get is a wide black strap with a cheap metal clip on one end and a plastic thing on the other end . No instructions . When I clipped my precious dogs to the strap , all was fine , they were a bit uncomfortable which I thought would be normal . I went into a store for 5 minutes and came out to find them terribly upset . One of my dogs had removed herself completely from her harness , it was still attached to the stupid strap . The other dog was completely twisted up and sitting in the next seat over . Both were visibly shaken and scared . I am extremely unhappy and disgusted with this horrible product . Do n't buy this junk .
 I wanted to save money as we were very short on cash . Our groomer said our dog had evidence of tapeworm -LRB- she used to be a Vet Assistant -RRB- . So we thought we could go to Amazon to find something online and save a trip to the Vet . What I strongly disliked about the product was that there were no REAL instructions included on how to use the product -LRB- i.e. , how much per weight of dog , how often . . -RRB- . I was able to research and figured out how to use the product with some guesswork . . however , I gave it to my dog only once and it did NOT work . She is still demonstrating symptoms . I will take her to the Vet anyhow , so I really did n't save any money .
 The product itself I suspect is fine . However , it took me a month to receive ! I feel the my pet 's health was compromised . I contacted the Tradewinds company and though the kept promising my product would be there ` that ' week it never came on time , promise after promise , week after week .
 This book has some good pictures and it does describe general characteristics of the uromastyx but it does not go into great detail on species specific care . Also , the list of species is not up to date which is indicative of it 's out dated information .
 I have trouble finding toys that my 4 year old chocolate lab wo n't chew up right away . I was encouraged that this toy was labeled as `` durable '' and it was supposed to entertain your pooch for `` hours '' . Sadly , my dog was really excited about the toy but she was able to start tearing off chunks of it in just about 15 minutes -LRB- at which time I had to take it away from her -RRB- . So , this toy is definitely not for aggressive chewers .
 Was searching under `` cat collars '' for a spiked one . Somehow I received two , was charged for two and thought it was a `` prime '' order . It was n't prime . I only ordered one and it is not a break-away -LRB- that 's what makes it a cat collar . My cat climbs trees , fences and do not want risk of hanging . -RRB- I have made several calls / letters to both amazon and the seller , hoping to return but keep getting `` tough luck '' messages and then more -LRB- like this one -RRB- wanting me to rate my satisfaction . Hello out there ... it 's Not a cat collar ! I 'm not satisfied !
 The advertised collar picture distinctly shows 3 rows of spikes , which is why I bought it . What they sent , however , was a totally different collar , with one row of small spikes . not even close !
 This bone single-handedly caused my Doberman puppy 's bowel obstruction . After a 3 hour , $ 2000 surgery , it looks like she will be ok . Thank God . But the vet pulled huge chunks of this out of her stomach and intestine . So please do not let your dog have this . If you must , give them a dura chew .
 My puppy loves nylabones and it usually takes him a few months to start to rip off the pieces of the bone . However , with this bone , he worked on it for one day and had eaten the entire top part off . By the time I had seen what happened , I was looking around for the pieces , hoping he spit them out . Well , obviously he did n't because he spent the night throwing up the pieces of the nylabone . I will not be getting this kind of nylabone again .
 My puppy does not like this bone . There is really nothing wrong with it , it 's a bit heavier than I expected for a pup . He just does n't like it , and he 's a professional chewer . I guess you never know until you try ...
 The Sticks arrive all broken up . Basically crumbles in the bag . I got two separate orders at different times and both the same .
 Like several people have mentioned in a previous reviews , this is a good toy , but it does n't work well as a game . Like other Kyjen puzzles , dogs are supposed to find the squeaky toys inside the bigger toy -LRB- ie beehive -RRB- , but it is too difficult to remove the eggs from the duck . I personally do n't care for it as the original purpose of this purchase was to buy it as a game , but now it just gets torn up as a random stuffed toy .
 I have bought egg babies before for my dogs . The dogs love them and will play with them for hours . Beware of the eggs on the platypus . My Boxer puppy almost swallowed one of the eggs whole . It was very fortunate that she was able to cough it out . The eggs used to be larger . I was very disappointed in this toy and threw the eggs out .
 I have a lab mix 3-month old puppy -LRB- ~ 16 lbs -RRB- and he tore one nostril off in the first 10 minutes . The second nostril came off the next day and the fabric ripped . My puppy gleefully ripped the batting out of the bill in record time and enjoyed that far more than rooting around for the squeaky eggs . The nostrils consist of thread that 's looped around about 8 times to form the appearance of the nostrils . This toy was only played with indoors . Two of the eggs already had splits on the seams straight out of the packaging.I do n't know if my pups is just too rough for plush toys or if this was truly a bad design . For comparison , I got the small mallard -LRB- AKC Mallard Dog Toy , Small -RRB- and that 's still going strong , despite being carried around the yard , squeaked in rapid succession , dragged through and ground into the mud , tumbling down the stairs and run through the washing machine . He got that 6 days ago and there 's just a little fuzz missing from the nose.I think the platypus was made for gentle dogs .
 I would n't call my bulldog puppy an aggressive chewer , but within a day he managed to chew off one of the legs . He punctured the squeakers in the `` eggs '' , so those are now garbage . I loved the idea of this toy and I did n't have very high expectations because they end up chewed and destroyed , but this was just bad . VERY cheaply made . I will not be buying this toy again .
 Just as cute as can be . Whole minutes of fun for the dog before the stuffing came out . Recommend for very sedentary dogs with no teeth .
 Unfortunately , my dog treated this like any other stuffed or squeaking toy and destroyed all the eggs and the platypus within 24 hours .
 I have a small dog -LRB- 15 lbs -RRB- , and she ca n't get the eggs out . I can barely get them out myself . The hole is too tight . She does love playing with the eggs by themselves , and the empty hedgehog by itself , but it was n't worth the cost . She has plenty of other squeaky balls and empty stuffed animals , I wanted something that would keep her busy .
 The eggs only squeeked for about 5 minutes . My dog is small -LRB- 13 pounds -RRB- so I bought the larger size and it just did n't hold up . My dog is n't interested once the noise maker stops working . I 'm returning it .
 I have a Siberian Husky who is too smart for her own good , and I thought this would be a nice , time consuming thing to keep her occupied . Not the case . She destroyed her adorable platypus in less than an hour . I mean , annihilated this thing . Stuffing everywhere . I am giving this product two stars because for some reason she loves the squeaky eggs . No idea .
 When I saw a platypus toy on Amazon I thought it 'd be a great toy for my lab . Unfortunately , it occured that my dog was about to swallow eggs ! I was scared and collected eggs and put them into a place where he ca n't find them . I think that this toy is n't proper for larger dogs with wide muzzles . Instead of eggs I stuffed this platyfus with dog treats and then my lab was extremely happy to find some food in it . However , it is not the aim of this toy that 's why I 'm dissapointed .
 My two dogs did love it , but the front foot came off immediately , with very little tugging by them . They do tug between each other , but they have other toys that do n't tear up so easily.sorry it 's not a well made dog toy
 Pros :2 extra eggs totaling 5 altogetherCons : Opening for eggs too smallI could hardly take out the eggs initially and was surprised 3 managed to fit inside the PlatypusMy pit can not get the eggs , ends up frustrated and tearing at the toy.Only 1 squeaker actually squeaked , I had to mess with the others to make them pop at the least . -LRB- Loves hide a squirrel so it 's defiantly not a find the stuffing problem -RRB-
 Well , I thought this would be a lot like the squirrels in the tree , which I LOVE . . but , after getting the eggs back into the stuffed animal , which was NOT an easy task . . my beagle destroyed the stuffy in no time at all ... the eggs are still around , but not a fav for my dog .
 We thought the concept was good . Hide and seek was always our dogs favorite game . Our morkie ripped open the eggs before we even hid them in the penguin .
 I bought this for my almost 7 month old beagle mix , and within 15 minutes she had the eye ripped open and the stuffing pulled out . I did spend time showing her how to get the eggs out , but she really enjoys killing her toys . She does get the eggs out pretty quickly , but she has already killed one egg completely . I had to take it away for now , maybe she will get better when she is older , but for now , the toy is adorable , and will be a special toy used only under strict supervision .
 I bought this the platypus version of this toy after our dog loved a similar toy with squirrels that hide in a log -LRB- Kyjen PP01056 Hide-A-Squirrel Pet Toy , Large -RRB- made by the same company . However , this toy has nowhere near the same quality . Our dog , who is not at all a destroyer of stuffed animals , has already ripped three holes where the stuffing is coming out , just by playing fetch and tug . The eggs are also way too big and the opening too small for a dog to use the toy ; I had a hard time getting the eggs out myself . I 'm thinking of cutting the hole more open , but have n't gotten around to it . The only thing that makes it somewhat redeemable is that they eggs have become a very popular fetch toy in our house , and the product comes with 5 of them , so we 'll have them around forever . I would n't purchase this again , but I might by the eggs separately -LRB- Kyjen Squeakin ' Eggs Plush Dog Toys , 3-Pack -RRB- as they are nice for throwing quietly in our apartment without bothering our downstairs neighbors .
 I thought this would be a good alternative to keep my 6 month old pup from ripping the stuffing out of his toys . He loves the squeaker egg things , but that did n't stop him from still ripping apart the platypus that laid them . It says the opening for the eggs is elastic , but that was very easily ripped apart . He can play with the corpse but trust me it can still be destroyed . And now it just looks like I 've given my dog squeaky platypus testicles to play with . : \
 Reading the reviews I was thinking that finally I could buy a toy for my dog that he would n't rip up quickly . I even watched the video on this ad , and it all looked so beautiful and made sense . Then the toy came in the mail from Amazon . My dog had no interest in taking the eggs out . He was more interested in making his way to the stuffing inside the Platypus , and proceeded to rip apart the animal - and within 5 minutes the stuffing was pulled out all over the place . My dog , is a sweet 22 lb Cockapoo , a therapy dog , who is gentle and sweet - but just loves taking out the stuffing from toys . Anyway - lesson be learned ... a strong chewer will always be a strong chewer . Buyer Beware !
 My Chihuahua loves the Hide-A-Bee and Hide-A-Squirrel , but she just ignores this toy . I showed her how to get the eggs out several times , but the opening was just too tight for her to get anything out . I tried just putting one egg in at a time , but it was still too difficult . I gave the toy to someone with a large dog , but that dog was n't interested either . A friend bought the same toy for her Havanese , but that dog could n't get the eggs out either . Three different dogs and none of them played with the toy .
 My dog swallowed the eggs and they got stuck in his stomach . He had to have surgery as a result . I am thankful he 's alive and want to share this info with others .
 My dog liked this , but tore it apart way too quickly . Not only do the `` eggs '' come apart really easily , but when they are out of the turtle , stuffing within the turtle is exposed -LRB- in other words , you can feel the stuffing loose inside the turtle -- it 's not sewn in -RRB- . Not a durable toy at all .
 The eggs are too soft and the possibility of a lab dog swallowing it was our problem . Within 45 minutes of having this toy , the dog did n't want to give up the eggs . We ended up believing she swallowed one and made her throw up and then took her in for surgery early to get her spay and paid extra have them search her G.I. tract and stomach for an egg !
 I thought this product would be great for my 14 pound poodle . I 'm giving it one star because it ripped by the beak area in one day . My dog is not rough on toys , so I 'm very disappointed in this toy .
 Great idea and concept , but my 30 llb , 7 month old lab mix had every piece of this toy ripped apart fairly quickly . Not for dogs who are distructive !
 Again , this manufacturer produces toys which do not last . After two sessions , the seams on this toy ripped open . Beware !
 My pup looves the Hide a squirrel which I got about 4 months ago and has relatively held up except for some of the squirrels ' tails . The first day I let her play with this one she had extracted most of the stuffing and squeaker from two of the eggs . The eggs are made of extremely thin material compared to the squirrels.I got the shark and I do n't know if it 's just the shark but the elastic opening is way too small . It 's hard for me to even put the eggs in . Now we are left with a useless shark and one egg , which she does enjoy but I have to take it away whenever my Cairn terrier starts biting it too hard . I would stick with the Hide a Pets .
 Unless your intentions are to have your dog push this platypus , and 3 wonderful eggs , around with her nose , reconsider this purchase . The fabric around the eggs was so tightly stitched that the split immediately with only normal fetching , biting and retrieving from my Golden retriever pup of 10 months . The platypus itself was next . The toy breaks along the seams . The eggs break with little compression . They split ... like pant seams with obesity . The feet on the platypus will come off and may be a choke hazard . If this is n't `` fun '' enough with this piece of junk , the white filling ends up all over the house and in the yard . I bought another Kyjen toy from Amazon , the Hide = A-Squirrel . Another piece of junk with the exact saqme problems but even more white filling to pick up everywhere . Both were returned . Walmart had some stuffed dog toys for 5.00 . I bought a cat that has a rope ring as its front legs . Weeks and that cheap Walmart toy is still intact and being played with daily . I will go get another from Walmart soon . I do not recommend KYJEN junk for your dog , your peace of mind and your homes cleanliness .
 I watched the videos for this item and the successes the dogs had at getting the eggs out but the hole is too small . I do n't see how they can actually do it .
 I will not write review as I have nothing gooughd to say about this item ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh
 I was excited about this product as my 12 pound Papillon gets bored with most dog toys . It took him about 5 minutes to remove the arm and back leg of the turtle . He figured out how to get the eggs out in another 5 minutes and had them destroyed about 10 minutes later -LRB- all three of them -RRB- . I just wasted $ 10 + and postage .
 I thought this would be a great toy for my 33lb dog , but after about 5 minutes he not only had the eggs out , but he pulled out all the stuffing & squeakers out of all 3 eggs . In another 5 minutes , he had the stuffed toy ripped apart & was pulling the stuffing out of that also ! Definately not for chewers !
 My friend bought this for my dog sometime back and she managed to lose all the eggs and tear into the actual platypus . Since she loved this so much and loves anything that can squeak , I ordered this for my dog again . The toy came in a horrible packaging and of the five eggs three did not squeak at all . it looked like it was a used set of eggs . My dog was utterly disappointed and so was I !
 One of our pups -LRB- a lab mix -RRB- swallowed one of the eggs whole and threw it up . So while it is cute and fun -LRB- and clever -RRB- I would n't recommend it for bigger dogs .
 I bought this for my very large American Bulldog because he loves anything with a squeaker in it . He immediately took out all the squeakers and played with all of them . I never thought in a million years this could be harmful . The next morning , I woke up to hearing him throw up . I went and checked on him and sure enough , he had thrown up an ENTIRE egg . I had no idea that he could even swallow something that large ! Luckily he threw it up and did n't choke on it . I immediately had to throw the toy away . I have definitely learned my lesson with giving him small chew toys . I just wanted to warn anyone with larger dogs to make sure they watch their dog the entire time they are playing with this toy and if you are not able to then you probably should not purchase this toy .
 I have been buying a bunch of dog toys for my 4 month old cocker spaniel lately on Amazon . Some have turned out to be keepers and some have been put in a puppy toy box to be taken out when my pupster is older and maybe has forgotten he did n't really like the toy . Platypus is being placed in that box for future playtime when he is older.The main reason my puppy did n't play with Platypus is that he could n't get the eggs out of her stomach . Geesh , I even had a hard time getting them out when I was showing my pup how to do it . I had to cut open the opening to make it wider . The elastic opening did n't open wide enough even with the surgical intervention . It was still difficult to get the eggs out and I have opposable thumbs.My puppy is used to playing with other toys where he can snout into the openings and get their treasures out to play with . The squirrels in the tree house and esp . the IQube are great for him . So he is `` smart '' enough to nose and chomp on the toys while they are inside the larger toy . I do n't think it is the difficulty level since it takes him some time to get the balls out of the IQube but he loves that toy.I thought he would really like the Platypus since it is brown like he is and when he was just a week old he looked like a platypus squirming about not able to walk . Guess he does n't relate to toys with the emotional connection like I do - hmmmm.I gave it 2 stars because he does like to carry around the eggs in his mouth when I get them out for him . He also likes me to throw them so he can retrieve them . But I wanted a toy he could play with by himself to teach him some self quieting skills so that defeated the purpose of the toy for me.Btw , Platypus is soft and plushy as are the eggs . My pupster likes these kind of toys and surprisingly his little piranha teeth do n't feel the need to rip it apart like he does with some of this other toys .
 This came with 3 eggs that were suppose to squeek . I was impressed that they even included 2 extra ! The problem is that only 1 of the 5 made any kind of squeek - and it was difficult to produce . Finding the eggs that make a squeek are designed to encourage the puppy to find them . So while an interesting concept , it just did n't work . I emailed the company and was told to call customer service which I did to find that it is only available during normal working hours ... too bad that I work too!I would NOT recommend this product - unless you want a plush toy with no squeek ... great for you but not so much fun or encouragement for your pup !
 I bought this reading a few of the reviews that said they were surprised how well this held up , they thought their dog would destroy it.If your dog does n't ever try to rip apart anything , this might work for you , but this did n't last 10 minutes with my puppy . After I showed her how the eggs were stored , she went crazy trying to get them out . As soon as they were out , she decided that the hole underneath did n't give her a big enough window to see if the insides were empty . She then ripped out the entire back of the toy in about 30 seconds . At least I have 5 squeaky eggs she can play with or something .
 My lab does not try to take the squeaky balls out he just likes to play with the animal itself and carry it around . It 's not a very big toy I was honestly expecting bigger but its small/medium sized . I have tried to encourage my lab to play with it and take the squeaky balls out but he could care less .
 This toy is not good if your dog is a chewer . My Carolina Dog that 's almost a year old went through this two in about 2 minutes . Since it has stuffing inside , he can no longer use it . Not sure if it 's because he 's young , or a chewer , but either way , this toy did not work for him at all .
 Bought this toy for my brother 's 18-month old goldendoodle . She loved the toy but it the hole was too small for her to get the eggs out of the platypus . Once the eggs did come out -LRB- with a little help -RRB- , she was able to rip them open in very short order . Luckily there were some spares included but I doubt they will last long either !
 This toy lasted about 20 seconds before my lab mix ripped off one of its legs/feet . Our puppy still liked to play with it , so we kept it around . We tried to keep it out of the big dog 's reach , though , since we knew that it would n't last long otherwise . After turning my back for about 3 minutes , our big dog had found the toy and swallowed part of one of the feet = stress ! I definitely believe in supervised play , but this toy requires total focus to prevent it from becoming a hazard for any dog capable of chewing off pretty poorly attached limbs . If your dog is very gentle , however , I guess this would be a good toy for you .
 I saw the video that the first reviewer posted ... and bought this toy ... not only did my dog rip open the nose and the stuffing in the first minute she played with it . . but . . no matter how many times i showed her . . she has never taken the balls out ... and . . I always thought she was smart . . lol ... or perhaps . . I am not too swift . . and can not train her to do what is in the video . . lol
 Even though the hedgehog as a baby is usually one of my dog 's favorite toys , he still does n't seem to get that there are eggs INSIDE this toy , even after showing him . Much better are theKyjen PP01055 Hide-A-Bee Pet Toy , Largeor theKyjen PP01056 Hide-A-Squirrel Pet Toy , Large , because it is clear when they look at it that it is a large plush item , but that babies are inside each `` window '' , because they LOOK like babies . The eggs in this toy simply look like non-descript `` balls '' . Not as much fun.So even though he knows they are in there , he has a lot more fun with the bees , the squirrels , or even the rabbits in theKyjen Magic Hat with Rabbits Puzzle Plush Interactive Dog Toy.Can ' t really recommend this toy except as a regular hedgehog .
 Purchased Platypus with 5 eggs . Two eggs are set aside as extra , as they do not fit into the Platypus . Of the three included eggs with the Platypus
 I am not one to write reviews and I really do depend other people 's reviews when I purchase toys for my dog . However , this past weekend my dog swallowed -LRB- not chew -RRB- one of the furry toy eggs . It is about the size of a lemon and any medium to large size dog would be able to swallow one with ease.I just want people to use caution . Having to give a dog hydrogen peroxide and mineral oil is not a lot of fun for either party . I have had this product for a few months now and if I wrote the review right after I purchased , it would have been a 5 star but i just think the eggs are a bit too small for some dogs .
 In the stores it is $ 1.98 ; far too overpriced and did n't realize it . The product is a good product , of course . Thanks .
 I gave these treats to my dog -LRB- 7 lb . shih-tzu/poodle mix -RRB- for years . She always ate every last crumb . A few months ago , however , I went to give her a treat . The treats are sold in sealed -LRB- glued down flap -RRB- paper bags , but I always kept them in an air-tight container because it was easier . When I went to give them to her , I saw a tiny worm on one of the treats . This container was air-tight , so I do n't think it would have gotten in there from my house . Then , I looked in the smaller container I kept in her travel bag and it was full of FLIES ! Needless to say , I threw all of them away immediately.The scary thing is that I went to purchase a bag a year or two before and there were flies all inside of one bag of the same treats . Figuring it was a fluke , I alerted a salesperson to remove that bag . My little dog would vomit every so often , and I just figured that was normal because she has digestive issues . Now I think that these treats were making her sick ! I switched to Blue brand treats and she loves them and has n't been sick once ! I will never buy another Mother Hubbard product.I have read a lot of reviews on this product and it looks like I 'm in the minority of not liking it , but if I can save a poor dog from regular vomiting , I guess it was worth it !
 Got two bags of these for my dog . For some reason they make him have to go poo almost instantly . Tried two different flavors and the both make him sick . He does not normally have intestinal issues . I 'm going back to regular milk bones or zukes .
 I ordered this product as a gift because it was the only one of this type with one-day and gift delivery to another address . Unfortunately it arrived with one of the dishes broken . Though probably `` dishwasher and microwave safe '' they are also ceramic and did not survive UPS handling.I suggest one of the metal types unless you are willing to take the chance of having to return them .
 Use it on yourself & you 'll find out this stuff STINGS , so if you want your ferret to not fear baths , wash your own face with the shampoo ; or go with Johnson 's No More Tears shampoo & conditioner.There will NEVER be a product made by humans that will be gentler than what we make for human babies . DO N'T BELIEVE THE HYPE !
 birds wanted nothing to do with this material . Birds were canaries .
 The XX-Large sizing is a joke . I struggled to put this on my hound because it was so tight on him . It especially did not fit across his chest , which is XXL . Therefore , the sweater was returned immediately . I think the sizing should read XX-Large for a small dog . Amazon did a nice job with the return and refunding my money .
 Ordered this for my pit bull mix . The listed length and weight should have been fine , but I could n't even get one paw in . Very tight through the shoulders and chest .
 I have tried many pet combs for grooming my long-haired cat . Cheap ones -LRB- like this one -RRB- are n't worth the money . The teeth bend and break easily -- take a close look at the photo of this brand new one for an example . But the worst part is that they just do n't work well . Do a bit of searching and you will find an expensive -LRB- $ 20 + -RRB- Greyhound comb that is FAR superior and will last you a lifetime . You want only the original one made in Belgium . Talk to any professional groomer , they will all tell you the same thing . Unfortunately , this Belgian made comb is not available in typical retail pet outlets because most people refuse to shell out over $ 20 for just a comb . Also , look out for imitations . You do not want a Greyhound `` style '' comb , you want only the real thing . Good luck in your search . Your cat will love you for it !
 I loved this item for about 2 weeks and then it fell apart . The material ripped near the neck and exposed the inner foam . I may have gotten a defective vest , so I want to try another one . My dog could swim for hours with this on . I would like to exchange it for another , but because it was sold by Amazon it 's doubtful it will be a simple exchange according to their policy . We shall see ... I had to return to add this comment . In less than 12 hours after I posted the above comment I had a response , a new `` jacket '' in the mail and a return label . Wow ... unbelievable service ! Thank you !!!
 I ordered this based on the good reviews online but was almost instantly disappointed . My dog only wore this twice -LRB- one time in the water , one time just hanging out on the boat -RRB- before it fell apart . My dog was well within the weight and size limits for this , so there is no reason the fabric should have ripped at the seams , exposing the foam underneath after only 2 times of being worn . The vest is filled with cheap memory foam inserts about a half-inch think and did not keep my dog afloat - fortunately he is a good swimmer because this vest did n't do much . It was also very difficult to use the handle to pick up the dog from the water to get him back on the boat because there is so little support underneath and the straps appear to cut into the dogs stomach . In addition , the clip for the dogs ' leash broke the first time I hooked a leash to it . I returned this for a refund after only 2 days .
 The 1st time we used this to lift our dog the handle broke right off . The handle needs to be fastened on better , not just sewn into the jacket .
 I purchased this vest for my 75 pound lab . it fits fine and floats . that 's about it . The durability of this item is sub sub par . He got 2 uses out of it for a total of about 4 hours before it basically fell apart . I would recommend if you have an active dog that swims and plays spend the extra money and get something way more durable .
 Dangerous , sharp plastic edges , the hole at the front of the boot is too small even for our tiny dwarf hamsters , never placed in their cage because I was afraid they might get hurt . I would n't recommend it .
 I was pleased with this product when I first opened the package . It is made of a relatively thick quilted material to protect the seat , and I do like the plastic tubes that fit between the seat back and bottom to keep the cover in place . It actually worked very well for the first week or so . However there are some issues . The elastic straps on the bottom of the cover probably work great on elevated seats , but for nearly 100 % of cars since the 1990 's that have rear seats that are molded down into the car these straps do n't work . The metal hooks that come with the other straps help to keep the cover anchored , but since nothing keeps those hooks attached to the cover , they get lost or misplaced immediately.The straps that hold the top of the cover to the headrests worked great at first , but after a week one of the very cheap , thin , and flimsy plastic buckles snapped from the weight of my dog as he was trying to maintain balance with the cover sliding on the leather seats under his feet . So now the cover looks terrible , sags on one side , and no longer protects the seat which is the entire purpose . I suppose it works if you want to buy a new one every other month , but then you might as well get a more expensive cover in the first place .2 stars because all this product needs is stronger straps at the top and a more clever seat anchoring system at the bottom . And from what I 've read , it used to be that way before this company switched to cheaper components to save money .
 I bought this to replace a ` pet robe ' cover that was worn out . It is a very well made cover and fits well on the seat . The problem is that it does n't have any rubber backing and therefore , it slides all over leather seats . No matter how secure I thought it was , as soon as my dog walked on it , it slipped and exposed the leather seats . I gave it to my sister who has cloth seats and it works great in her car .
 My email to Solvit . I never received a reply . -- On October 16 , 2010 , I bought the Solvit 62283 Deluxe Bench Seat Cover for Pets.It was fantastic . Exceptionally well made . Looks great , fits great.On May 30 , 2011 , I bought another . Exactly the same product . Same model number . Same page on Amazon.This one is junk . Thin material , poorly constructed , feels cheap . I hate it.Both from Amazon . Both from the same product page.So my question . What happened in the space of one year?Here 's what I think . I think you created an excellent product , collected the 5-star Amazon reviews , then switched to a cheaper manufacturer to save money.Am I wrong ? --
 For many years I 've used this product with satisfaction . HOWEVER , recently the manufacturer substituted a cheap polyester fabric for the 100 % heavy duty cotton twill as pictured . The result is a seatcover that slips everytime the dog moves .
 Too good to be true . . this is a cheap imitation of the real Solvit seat cover which I presently still own . . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY AS I DID ! . . really wanted to give this ZERO/0 stars !
 I have a lab 1 and 1/2 years old . Does not work well for us at all . She is yellow and my car seat is black cloth . What was I thinking ???? This is a new car for me . My lab is too frisky and just pushes it all up . Cheap canvas car cover actually worked a little better . Sorry ! wish I could say good things .
 For my car , the seat cover does not have adequate fasteners/straps to keep it on the seat . I had to return it .
 Needs special care - clean any spills immediately , take to the laundromat for the large washers , etc. . Cheaply made . Will not secure under the seat of your car if you have a fold-down seat like on a hatchback but , of course , no mention of this in the description . Next time , off to the pet store instead .
 As others have mentioned , this does not work well for leather seats . There is nothing anchoring the bottom center and the cover slips around as soon as the dog steps on it .
 -LRB- originally happy about the quick delivery and the look of this product ... material much better than prior one i bought and gave away ... -RRB- that being said ... i plugged in my vehicle type '08 honda element ... and product was supposed to fit . well , not so much . baggy by the sides . does n't wrap around seat . . so seat gets hairy anyway ... . and last week , stopped at stop sign , not too quickly i might add ... and my very beloved dog who was asleep ... . fell hard onto the floor . when i looked at the cover , it was barely hanging on by headrests . broke my heart for my dog , stopped in middle of road late at night to make sure he was ok.signed , frustrated
 The underside of this product is very slippery.Because it is slippery it shifts in the front and along the sides . It doesnt protect when it shifts . If it were not such slippery material it would be a good product . The danger occurs when your pet exits the car . When exiting the car our dog used his back legs to shove off as usual , the cover slipped and he landed straight on the asphault on his face . I am amazed this product is getting good reviews . Beware , your pet is in danger if you have leather seats .
 This thing works good except that it holds odors and stinks all the time . You wash it and it smells OK . Your dog gets on it once or twice after a walk or a run in the park , and it will hold every odor forever . After a few days , it smells like your dog X10 . So if you REALLY like the way your dog smells , you might be in heaven , but most folks will probably hate the odors that come from having this in your car on a hot summer day .
 The main reason I bought this for the backseat of my xterra was because we just got an 8 week old lab puppy and wanted to protect my new car from pee , hair , dirt , etc. . Well , after having it for about a week , she finally peed and it went straight through the cover into my cloth seats . Had I not taken it out of the car just now to wash it , I probably would n't have even noticed that it went through . It was n't just a little bit either . Might as well not even have the thing on there except to prevent dirt and hair . What a bummer . Was considering buying a second for hubby 's car . I 'll have to think twice now . Other than not being water proof as advertised , it is a good product and does stay put with all of the devices they have in place , and I can see it being useful when our pup is potty trained , just unfortunate to have to find out the hard way . If you have an adult dog who can be trusted to not pee in the car , I would certainly recommend this product . We also bought this thinking we would be able to put our wet dog in the car after a day at the coast or the lake , guess we 'll have to figure something else out to solve that problem . Maybe the non-quilted version would work better , although not as visually pleasing or comfortable to your pet , I 'm sure .
 I bought this product based on the product description and reviews . However , it showed up with parts missing , so had to be returned . Also , the color is a pretty funky military brown , not an attractive or , as advertised , neutral solution to making it work in virtually any vehicle . Why in the world would n't someone get the bright idea to produce this in a middle toned , neutral gray ? DUH !!! But I digress ... My solution will be to go to Home Depot and find a simple tarp for a fraction of the cost and rig it to work with a couple of bungee cords . Problem ? Solved it .
 IF you have an Audi a4 or a BMW X3 or I 'd imagine any kind of car with built-in seats , this is impossible to install -LRB- to bottom part , which is the actual part that secures the blanket -RRB- . Bummer , as it is quite durable and good looking .
 Dimensions would have been helpful . Given as gift for the owner of a 2009 Mercury Marquis . Does not fit the car . Loved the color and the quality but very disappointed the description read it fit all vehicles . I will keep for myself and start looking for another that will fit the Grand Marquis . Dimension are not even on the packaging .
 the only reason this product got any stars is because it does cover the seat and the quality of the fabric is excellent . now for the downsides . the quality of the grommets and straps are terrible . the hooks are pathetic and barely function as intended . it came with one grommet already missing . the straps are weak and do n't tighten enough . i do n't like the openings for the seat belts . my back seat is slightly angled towards the rear . what good is the cover if everything runs right down those holes and between the seats as it was doing before i had it . as other reviews indicate , it slides badly on leather seats . i bought a dollar roll of shelf liner and put that underneath . there is also care information that should be included in the description . you are to promtly deal with any spills or dirt . it is machine washable , BUT needs to be line dried . i expected a cover that could take daily abuse and only need washing occasionally . with all of the time spent taking it off , washing it , waiting for it to dry , and reinstalling , i may have been better off cleaning the bare seats after every dog park trip . i also see it becoming unusable once my puppy reaches full size . i doubt the straps holding it up will even last that long .
 The blanket covers the entire backseat -LRB- I have a small hatchback car -RRB- , but the suede material attracts hair . By using the blanket I had more hair in my car than if I did n't use it . Also , the nylon material on the underside is very slippery . My dogs were sliding off the leather seat .
 If you live anywhere in the world where there is sun , the straps that are supposed to hold this cover onto your back seat will disintegrate . The main part , where the dog sits , however , is sturdy and keeps the back seat of the car dry . It 's just a shame we ca n't use it due to the straps not holding the thing up ! Useless pile of crap that I wish I could return , but now have to take the time to repair .
 This product is only made for seats that are open at seat bend . Dose not work for my Subaru Forestor ! Slides off when getting in . I did n't realize that the roll features would make that much difference .
 LOs agujeros de donde se sostiene el forro protector no aplican para todos las camionetas , no tiene buen acabado , se notan las costuras
 Item arrived as described and is well made . In my opinion , there is nothing currently on the market that compares for the money . I would recomend it to anyone with a dog that travels in the car .
 This slides all over the place if your car does not have the exact items for attaching as shown in the instructions . Mine car does n't .
 This product has two large openings for seatbelt latches which defeat the entire purpose of having a one piece seat protector . A very obvious design flaw .
 Although the product description sait it will fit various cars and SUVs it does n't stay in place well at all . We have a Ford Fusion which is fairly average in size for a sedan and we tried different ways to keep it in place but it just does n't stay .
 Quilted fabric is n't bad but this will not stay on my leather seats . Every time my dog gets in the car the bottom slides at least 1 - 2 feet . It needs a rubber backing and better clips for the front part of the seat . If you 're covering leather , look elsewhere .
 I had already gotten this seat cover before . The manufacturer has changed this product by using a MUCH lighter material.In fact , the material is so light that the seat cover does NOT stay down at all when the dogs jump in.It was much more effective before with the heavier material .
 This product is made from high quality materials , but falls short -LRB- Pun intended -RRB- where the bottom part of the cover goes over the lower front part of the seat . There just is n't enough material to cover the front part of the seat bottom , and it also needs some sort of attachment strap at the center of that section . Every time my dog moves around in the back seat , that front lower portion pulls back , exposing the seat to his nails . Needs some further refinement .
 I love that this cover is thick , it is a good quality material and holds up in the wash . I do n't like the seat belt holes - dog hair gets right through them & all over my seats , defeating the purpose of this cover . Also , the only thing that keeps it in place in my car are the straps that go around the headrests . The plastic bars that supposedly hold it in place between the seat and seat back do not fit into the little crevice in my car . Maybe it was designed for those cars where the seat actually lifts when the seat back is folded down but in my car the seat back just folds right over the seat itself so there is not the same space in between to secure these bars . Also the elastic does not fit securely around the bottoms of the seats in my car . Possibly another flaw for using this seat cover for certain cars .
 I bought this same exact model product from Amazon just a few years ago . When you buy an Amazon product , and you go back to that product webpage , it even tells you that you purchased this product before , and the date . When I bought it a few years ago , it was great . A heavy duty twill product that I felt would last a lifetime , and appears indestructible . I gave it 5 out of 5 stars.I just received this product , same model number , same looking packaging , in fact , they appear almost the same . This one is NOT made of heavy duty twill.It says on the box that it is made of a Micro-Suede material , and to me it feels like it can be ripped by a dog 's nails . That older heavy duty twill version is great . This version sucks , and I want people to be made aware that they are not getting the product with all those great reviews . My review from a few years ago gave it 5 out of 5 stars , and I still love that product . I loved it enough to buy another one for my other car , and this time I 'm extremely disappointed . Even the webpage as it appears right now on 8/17/12 , says it 's a durable heavy gauge twill . It is not . Amazon should change this.You can not go by all the previous ratings , they no longer apply to a totally different made product . It 's probably a decent product now , maybe not worth the money so do n't spend extra thinking you are getting a real heavy duty product .
 I bought my first three years ago when my pup came home having used their harness . Material was thick and durable and it had grommet holes at the top about every 10 inches where the two straps would be attached by using a metal insert to perfectly fit the Prius headrests . There is a strap on each side at the bottom to hold to seat bottom and two `` stay put '' tubes that are sewn in the back side that get wedged where the seat back meets the bottom . They should be in far enough that the dog never knows they are there but mine discovered it after I had put the seats down to haul something and back up without making sure fully reinserted . So he treated it like a tug toy while I was in the grocery store ; but it was still usable as hanging by a thread the past year -LRB- until I washed for first time - I kept a big towel over it and washed periodically so the old style looked and smelled new -RRB- . Several months ago I decided to order a second one since I liked it so much in case it was discontinued . I stored it without pulling out to inspect which was a mistake because once again , a mfg. took a great product and changed it to save a buck . Last month I switched to a Kia Optima sedan which has a larger back seat than the Prius so took out the cover and to my surprise , the material was not as thick and had a shiny appearance and feel . OK I thought BUT THEN I saw that the grommet holes were gone and the two top straps that anchor the cover to the back headrests were sewn on and no longer can be moved . Imagine my SURPRISE since the AMAZON picture posted today IS THE OLD MATERIAL WITH REMOVABLE FASTENERS if you look close enough.The straps have an adjustable component but it 's almost useless since if you make them longer to accommodate the additional width between head rests , the cover sags like a 3 tier swag valance . A couple of weeks ago , I called Solvit to see if they had any of the old covers left I could buy , but they did not . I then asked if they could mail me a new stay put so I could sew it on my old cover -LRB- or should I say pay the tailor to do it as machine stitch stronger -RRB- . The woman said she would check with their customer service manager when he returned from a trade show . However , they never called back and nothing has arrived so SOLVIT has LOST A repeat CUSTOMER . When will companies learn that most customers , especially repeat which drive many sales , would rather pay a few dollars more for the same product then pay the same or less for the new and less improved version . If I wanted a cheap cover I would have bought their non `` Deluxe '' Update 9/28/12
 I already own this product number and bought it in 2010 . It is a heavy twill and works well . I just bought another to replace it as some of the gromets are pulling out . I received this seat cover made of micro-suede with a satin backing . Really ? My dogs will go through that in a few months not to mention the satin backing sliding around . Too bad they cheapened the product . I am returning it . . did n't even bother to unfold it . I would have paid more for the same product I received in 2010 .
 Does not stay on the seat at all . The straps do not keep it in place and are not adjustable . Just slides to the back of the seat and does not protect the seat at all . Was bought for a TSX . If you have bucket seats in the back might stay in place better . A wider car might work better too .
 This product needs some work the eyelets rip out realy easy im on my 2nd one the first one lasted 2 days
 Very disappointed ... i had it all set up in the car and when they jumped in it ripped up top and now it is nothing but an expensive blanket . i should not have to have to sew and repair . very disappointed
 Q
 I purchased this product for my car . Before installing it , I vacuumed up the dog hair on the carseat . I then removed the bench seat cover from the box only to discover that the seat cover DID NOT HAVE THE ADJUSTABLE STRAPS THAT FIT OVER THE HEADRESTS as the description claims , as the photo shows . There is no way to hold the seat cover to the back of the seat - it is a waste of time and delivery costs to even bother ordering this thing !!!
 After carefully washing cover as directed , I left it on top of the dryer for about an hour , waiting for the dryer to finish drying an item in it . When I went to put the cover in the dryer , it had left a stain on the dryer . I could n't get it out , until I used a brillo pad . I am now concerned that the cover might stain my leather seats in my car if it were to get wet . Considering how difficult it was to get out of the porcelain , I think it would be impossible to get out of leather .
 I bought this for my German Shepard and installed it in my 2008 Mariner with leather seats . The metal gromets tore out in 2 places and the cover ripped . I had to install new gromets but they tore out too . The idea is good but seems to be made poorly .
 This product worked great at first , and was perfectly sized for my Audi A4 back seat . I did n't experience the smell issues discussed by other customers . The problem was that at least 3 hooks , and plastic clips broke within the first 30 days , even though my dog does n't move around much , and is very small . Now this thing is basically just a blanket ... which I could have purchased for a lot less money.Pros
 I purchased this seat cover for my Audi a4 . I figured this is a lot easier than taking a blanket in and out every time I want to bring my dog somewhere . Boy , was I wrong . This cover is extremely slippery on the underside , my dog slides all over the place and struggles to stay sitting up . Luckily my grandmother is a seamstress , So I 've modified the cover so that it actually locks into my seat belt buckles . Now all I have to do is find a way to keep the bottom half secured . Overall the product gets a 3 . I couldve designed a better cover in my sleep . Obviously the person who designed this cover did not have pets .
 We had the seat cover from Solvit for 3 years and it finally gave out after our two dogs really used it . They are 88 lbs and 117 lbs . The new replacement Solvit has plastic adjustment pieces instead of metal as previously . So , they broke after 11/2 months of usage . They are sewn in so there is no way to replace them.Thank you SolvitKen Bennett , Mak and KoKo
 Intended to protect leather seats , but cover does not stay in place . Dog slides around . A blanket or towel works better . Waste of money !!!
 IF YOU BUY THIS THEN YOU NEED 2 DIE!THIS PIECE OF CRAP IS CRUEL TO ANIMALSFISH DO NOT HAVE ENOUGH ROOM TO SWIM AROUND IN A FLIPPIN PICTURE FRAMEITS NOT HUMANEIF YOU ARE REALLY COMMITTED TO HAVING FISH THAN BUY A `` REAL '' FISH TANK NOT A PICTURE FRAMEFISH SHOULD NOT BE USED FOR THE ENJOYMENT AND ENTERTAINMENT OF PEOPLEFISH NEED A NICE DECENT LARGE LIVING SPACENOT A PICTURE FRAME
 Instead of buying this you can get a much bigger fish tank for 29 bucks for a 29G fish tank . if anyone lives in michigan dearborn.To go to 101aquariums go through 94 west toward chicago . Go to telegraph RD US-12 EXIT 202A . Make a U turn on South teleagraph RD US-12 EXIT 202A Then turn right onto Van bornn RD. . End at 101 aquariums Dearborn heights , Talor , MI , Vann born . phone
 ok this is the stupidest thing i read all the reviews and all the nagitvive ones i agree with i wouldnt put a guggy just one guppy in the i have african cichlids mbunas to be exact and i have a 29gallon i over stocked mine but i dont carei have 15 if you count the two plecos ok i have a 60 gallon filter . does this thing have a filter ??? and if its only 6.34 gallons or 2.16 gallons idk its not worght it.if you want a small fish tank get a desktop or if you want a wall fish tank GET A CUSTOM THEY ONLY COST 1,000 DOLLARS spend it its worth it byebye and thanks
 This aquarium is too small and too thin to be of use as an aquarium . Please do not buy this for use as an aquarium . Anyone who has ever raised a tank , even a small one , can tell you that this thing is a really bad idea . It will become moldy and mildewed inside.Fill it with rocks or decorative sand instead.Please do not buy this for fish , they will not survive long and you will have wasted your money and their lives.Anyone who installs this tank is a real moron . If your ' e giving my review a bad mark it 's because you 're an idiot .
 This just proves that people will do anything to make money.Hey , I know , I 'll come out with `` Frame A Dog '' . You just buy your dog and sandwich him between two pieces of glass and hang him up on your wall.He will love not having to bother with running around , or playing , or any of that other lame stuff that the other dogs do.Maintenance is easy . You just shove some food in one side , and hang a bag below the frame on the other side.You will like it in your office.What a joke . This is possibly the worst idea of all time , and only a totally ignorant , uncaring ingrate would possibly want one of these torture devices on their wall .
 The product could be designed a little better in looks . Ugly . As far as fish go . Who cares about the fish ! They have no feelings . Love them if you will . Fish are suppose to be in the ocean or lake . Who cares ! Most aquarium fish we not removed from their natural habitat ... so what if the feel narrowed . Dumb fish dont know the difference . They live and die the same .
 I 've kept fish most of my life and spent a goodly portion researching fish as a pastime -LRB- primarily working with salt water aquaria -RRB- . I 've worked with seahorses , sharks , rays , octopods , tropical fish , corals , and ponds . I can not , for any reason , see why this would be a good idea for a fish tank . By a rough estimate , this tank holds approximately 2.19 gallons of water . That 's enough to put TWO one inch fish per tank . I am NOT a PETA supporter , but this system is an equivalent to having someone live in small hallway all their lives . This is not a sufficient tank for any kind of ** active aquatic life ** that would require a heater . This MIGHT be a nice alternative for betas , african frogs . If you want fish as a conversation piece , I suggest getting an actual tank . Your fish will thank you for not having to look at your mother in law or child 's photo all day long .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Well , I have had this product for about six months now and have actual experience , so read on -LSB- ... -RSB- A friend gave me a couple of goldfish in one of those one-gallon jars that you 'd see at a carnival . So although I knew this tank would be a little small , at least it would be better than that ! Upon receiving this tank , I also purchased a few minnows and an algae-eater . Unlike the messages from the flood of PETA-esque negative reviews that have suddenly popped up , my fish have been in this tank for a while now , seem happy , and I have n't lost one yet . There has been no ammonia build-up ... there has been no death-by-nitrates ... the fish have shown no signs of stress , nor have they died from it.HOWEVER ... 1 . The tank itself is made of plastic , not glass . So where they get the price tag on this is anybody 's guess as there 's no way that there was $ 120 worth of product and workmanship on this item -LRB- the glue stains on the side would attest to that -RRB- .2 . After a couple of months or so , the tank started to bow in the middle due to the fact that this cheap plastic is holding all of this water weight and eventually starts to buck under the pressure . This has been a MAJOR cause for concern as I 'm not sure as to whether or not my tank is suddenly going to explode open and kill everything in it .3 . There are two small rings in the middle that I can only suppose is there for giving the tank extra support . Therefore , I used some wire to connect these rings and essentially tie down the middle to prevent the bowing . Unfortunately , these rings are made of the same cheap plastic as the tank , so one ring broke within a week and now the tank bowes more than ever ! 4 . The ACTUAL INTERNAL DIMENSION of the tank -LRB- just verified with a ruler -RRB- is 201/2 inches wide by 131/2 inches high by 21/2 inches deep ! Granted the middle of my tank is now 31/2 inches deep , but that 's only because it 's BOWED IN THE MIDDLE BY NEARLY 50 % from the pressure of making the mistake of putting water in it .5 . The frame itself -LRB- which is what I guess the stated dimensions are based on -RRB- is also cheap plastic that you hang from the sides of the tank . You 're supposed to snap these pieces into each other , but they do n't quite fit both the tank and each other at the same time , so in the end , you have dangling plastic for effect .6 . Plan on placing this close to an electrical outlet as the cords are very short and thick . This makes for unsightly huge white and black cords going down your walls -LRB- although we 've simply painted the cords the same color as the wall as a solution -RRB- . Bottom Line - We have cats that get at any other type of aquarium , so we figured that having one on the wall and out of their reach would be a nice compromise and if you have small enough fish -LRB- and not too many of them -RRB- , then the dimensions should be fine -LRB- despite the cruelty-towards-animals comments below -RRB- . HOWEVER , note that the actual aquarium dimensions are much smaller than what is advertised for the whole product and that , because it is made of plastic , even though it 'll look fine , in six months you 'll most likely find yourself in the same situation that I 'm in now ... out money and having to go get a different aquarium because of this junk .
 Seriously , can you imagine living in a world only 2.5 inches deep?I own a fish store in Oregon and have had a number of people come in who have this tank -LRB- or similar -RRB- . It works decently for a singular small fish , but it 's SMALL . There is no magical chemistry in it though . Just because your fish have n't died yet does n't mean yo do n't have to change the water . The stress levels of the fish kept in an aquarium like this will be higher than in a normal $ 10 10gallon tank , so the chemicals will inevitably accumulate and your fish will die - poisoned by his own waste.If you absolutely MUST have this tank -LRB- there are a number of much better alternatives for a tank in a tight-space-environ -RRB- do n't listen to the reviews about not changing the water . Their fish will be dead in a month ... tops . The only reason they 're still alive is that they 're small goldfish . Goldfish are tough , but to live out their 20 + year lifespan , they 're going to need more room ... if they do n't die from asinine neglect.Change the water . Keep a minimum of fish in it . Get a better tank when you can .
 I have a 140 gallon salt water aquarium with only 4 fish in it , and I believe the tank is too `` small '' to put in another fish . An aquarium is not simply `` entertainment '' but a responsibility . Living , breating souls are put in an aquarium and while they may not be mental giants , fish can and do feel lonely , frustrated and bored just like other animals - AND like all other moving , breathing animals , they need a way to rest their eyes by gazing near and far and a way to `` stretch their legs . '' No fish that you can buy in the trade is going to be comfortable with a width of 31/8 '' inches . Most fish need to swim constantly to stay alive - and to go back and forth like a caged panther , the fish will have to twist itself in an unnatural way every time it goes back and forth across the tank . This is a recipe for a fish that will literally try to kill itself by leaping out of the top of the tank to stop the pain and discomfort of daily living.Whoever designed this aquarium should be fined by the USPCA for designing a cruel and unusual punishment device for animals . Just because you ca n't hear a fish complain does not mean it is not unhappy . Imagine being unhappy for your entire life . Unhappy , stressed fish , quickly develop cancerous lesions and tumors.If you want fish as entertainment , go to Long John Silvers to eat them or go to Sea World to watch them - but if you 're going to take on the responsibility of taking care of living creatures in your home - do so with compassion . This tank is just pure idiotic - and the smaller a tank is , the HARDER it is to care for , anyway . Splurge a little and get a 30 gallon tank -LRB- minimum -RRB- - the bigger the tank , the EASIER it is to maintain because small shifts in chemical balances do n't make that much of a difference the bigger your tank is.If you want a tiny aquarium in your wall like this , you can get a Mac Mini and a small monitor and use the Marine Aquarium screensaver - it 's realistic and nothing has to suffer for your entertainment.This tank is just cruel . It 's like having to live your life in a one bedroom loft with no separate toilet , kitchen or closet - FOREVER without being allowed to leave . They have places like these for people - they 're called maximum security prisons . No animal deserves this type of barbaric treatment .
 Just plain wrong -- OK maybe-just maybe for a Betta - Thats it..Otherwise-just cruel . 3 inches deep ?? Looks great for about a week -- then -- will be nothing but problems and death ... Get a real tank . You will be able to express your creativity much better as well as extend the life of the livestock .
 I was looking on this site for a new tank for my clawed frogs , and I saw the thumbnail for this . I assumed at first it was a tank that you insert into the wall somehow -LRB- with some wall-destruction of course ! -RRB- with just the front showing like a window ... So I checked it out and was completely disgusted that it 's a hang-up fish tank that 's only 3 inches wide !!! How on earth do the fish turn around comfortably ? They are forced to swim back and forth in a straight line forever!I am not an ` Peta ' supporter or anything , but like the average human being , I am against unecesarilly harming animals . And this tank WILL cause stress and discomfort to your fish/frogs . Use your money towards a nice tank set-up where your pets can swim around freely rather than cramped in a tightly squeezed ` back-and-forth ' pattern.This product is all about having a cool ` decoration ' rather than considering the proper care for your living pets .
 First off ... ive seen these ... my favorite restaurant has these all over the place . . i was looking at one last night and was shocked to see how THIN this thing is . . its thinner than my plasma tv ! How can the poor fish live and thrive in a enviroment like this?first off ... a fish aquarium is a natural habitat for the fish . . not some art deco piece ... as i was having my dinner i was watching one fish literally gasp for air because the `` TANK '' is so thin . . this is not the way to treat fish ! you want to do the right thing with fish ? give them room to thrive and breath ... my gold oranda had a nice 10 gallon aquarium all to himself . . and he loves it . . i could just watch him for hours swimming all over the place . . i wouldnt dream of putting him into a frame tank ... this idea is ludacris ... and another thing i have to point out . . water has mass . . and it gets heavy . . how can you even think to hang something like this on the wall ? its bound to crash to the floor killing the poor fish ... a friend of mine has one of these wall tanks and he was saying he has 4 fish die on him in a month . . hmm i wonder why?bottom line . . if you want to have fish and enjoy them get a real aquarium tank . . and not this `` torture tank for fish '' . . . you fish will thank you for it if you are stupid enough to buy this kind of tank you DONT DESERVE TO HAVE FISH period ... my friend works at petsmart and he was telling me they have some of these tanks on clearence and they dont even sell . . it makes you wonder . . these are a accident waiting to happen .
 Im gon na be frank and honest , this tank is way too small for an average fish . The only thing I see it being good for is if you want to keep a bunch of ghost shrimp in it or maybe a betta fish . Otherwise this tank is complete junk .
 I do n't own this personally , but my hair salon has a very large frame tank on the wall that is teeming with fish . At first I loved it because I thought that it was `` fake . '' I thought that it was a tv or some sort of digital picture frame . Then I was shocked when I realized the fish were real . I agree with the previous reviewers ... a fish tank is a habitat and should be treated as such , with routine maintainance being a priority to maintain a healthy fish population . This is thinner than my plasma tv . How anyone could think that even one fish would be happy in such an enviroment , never mind several , is beyond me . Although I liked the look of it , in the end this is a horrible product .
 I am not from PETA , I dont even like PETA but this is wrong . Goldfish get big enought that they could actually get stuck in this tank . Stuck as in unable to move at all . The only fish that could theoretically be kept humanely in this tank are the tiniest tetras . I have n't done the math as far as how much water this tank holds , but six schooling fish that stay smaller than .5 '' could possibly be happy here . Keeping bettas in this tank is cruel . An actual fish tank is the cheaper , more humane , more human choice .
 Imagine living in a hallway about three feet wide . It 's no different than that for the fish for their entire lives in the frame . Please do n't purchase items like this . It is n't a suitable home for even a single betta .
 I first saw this tank when I clicked on this Amazon link a few months ago . I literally thought `` oh how awesome , they 've got digital fish tanks for your wall . '' I was horrified to realize it really was a fish tank.So I have n't actually used this product . However , I am adding this review for two reasons.First , because I once got stuck eating lunch in a restaurant featuring two fish in an aquarium that looked too small . It was a miserable meal ; I could n't stop wondering if a fish is capable of being `` unhappy '' . I remember we cracked jokes about whether we trusted these people with our food.Those of you putting this thing in your office might want to think about this . This fish tank could be sending a message that you do n't realize - that you do n't do your research , do n't pay attention to detail , do n't listen to those more knowledgeable than yourself ? After your client leaves your office , perhaps she 'll mention the tank to someone , or outright ask someone if they think this tank is `` okay '' . Are these the questions you really want your client to be thinking about?The second reason I 'm posting this is because at least one person has said they like this product because it is the `` only '' solution to the cat problem . It is n't . If you want fish but have one or more cats :1 . Purchase the aquarium and any filters , etc. 2 . Go to a hardware store and purchase an `` egg crate styrene light panel '' . -LRB- Hardware cloth would also work . -RRB- 3 . Use a hacksaw blade to cut the styrene panel to fit your aquarium hood . You need to use just the blade because the handle wo n't fit -LRB- this becomes obvious when you have the materials in front of you -RRB- . Before you cut anything , measure very carefully , because you want the fit to be as close to perfect as possible . It is very important you put any filters etc in place and cut the panel around these , so there are no gaps and the panel fits snugly . Standard aquariums have a sort of ledge where the hood sits ; you want the panel to sit as snugly as possible on this ledge .4 . Next you must secure the panel in such a way that you can undo it and remove it , but the cat can not . -LRB- Otherwise the cat may knock the whole mess into the water trying to get in . This could be a safety hazard if the light fixture gets wet . -RRB- One way to do this is to get some tough thin cord and tie a piece of it to each corner of the panel . -LRB- The `` egg crate '' is a plastic mesh so this is easy . -RRB- Then find four or more pegs , knobs , whatever that can be glued to the outside of the aquarium . If you get an aquarium with a black plastic rim , a black plastic knob would work , or decorative hardware . Make sure to select an appropriate glue for the materials - something reliable.The goal is to take the cord and wind it around the thing you 've got glued , in the same way that large manila envelopes are secured with string . Make sure that the egg crate panel is secure enough that even if the cat were to try to get it , the panel will not slide off the ledge and fall into the water.Another way to secure the whole mess would be to secure whatever you set on top of the egg crate , for instance the aquarium hood , using latches -LRB- you 'd glue one side of the latch to the hood , the other side to the plastic rim on the aquarium -RRB- . If you want to use a hood on top of the egg crate , it 's not a bad idea to secure it anyway , because the egg crate will be sitting on the ledge where the hood is meant to go , so the hood could slide . -LRB- This is actually not a major problem as far as the cat goes so long as the egg crate is properly secured . -RRB- 5 . Final step in the cat process is for the cat 's sake , not the fish . Get a plastic squirt bottle full of water and blast the cat whenever it gets too close to the fish . If you do n't teach your cat that fish are off limits , it will spend the rest of its life staring and wishing and wanting and going all googly-eyed .
 As of March 2008 , the phones to the ACI Corp. are no longer in service . I placed my order in Feb. , they took my money and now there is no way to contact them for a refund.DO NOT ORDER FROM ACI CORP. - THIS COMPANY IS A RIP-OFF .
 If indeed this is made of plastic , then you 're taking a huge , huge risk -LRB- more so as the number of gallons increase -RRB- . If you do n't understand/care about the animal-perspective argument , then you should care about the possible damage to your property if this explodes -LRB- read as water exiting quickly out of the tank -RRB- . Obviously this is unhealthy for fish , and it 's only made worse by the fact that it 's only a few inches wide and - again - it 's apparently cheaply made.If you want a ` conversation piece ' take the money and buy a good aquarium . They are as much or less than this .
 Anyone who would purchase this product is obviously not knowledgable enough to own fish . It does n't take an expert to see that the dimensions of this product are not suitable for any living thing . Fish are not meant to be framed . They feel pain , they have to be able to move to breathe , and they have greater needs than being fed . Fish need gravel to harbor bacteria which cycle waste for them , and they require a certain amount of space depending on the population . A tank this size -LRB- with better dimensions , of course -RRB- might be SOMEWHAT suitable for a goldfish or a betta , but still , even the most tolerant fish could fare even better in a bigger tank which is easier to manage because they do n't get dirty as fast and chemical changes are less likely to kill your fish because chemicals are diluted by the greater amount of water . A larger , more suitable REAL aquarium with plants and gravel and a healthy population is far more attractive than a few listless unhappy fish stuffed into a novelty item like this . Healthy , happy fish with plenty of room to swim are more colorful , more active , live longer , and entertain better.If you want to start a small aquarium , go to a reputable aquarium store and talk to a knowledgable staff member about what would be right for you . You can find a nice ten gallon tank and they can guide you in selecting the fish that would do best in it , and advise you how to take care of it . Most people would be surprised to find out how long some fish can live if provided the right conditions .
 I ca n't believe it 's an actual aquarium ! All I can say is VERY bad idea on whoever thought this one up !
 My friends bought one of these to put a couple gold fish in thinking it would make a nice gift for their son . No way could they do it after seeing how small it is . Neither of us are animal rights activist nor could give much of a hoot about PETA . But this darn thing is ridiculously small to put your average small gold fish in . The folks who created , marketed , and sell this should be made to live in something similar .
 You look at them in a picture frame ... the fish are crammed in there .
 placing two male betta 's in this where they can always see each other in such a confined space will lead to constant flaring and they will always be stressed . they will hit the walls and injure themselves . what a stupid idea .
 I wrote a similar review and decided to just copy and paste my original story to save time ... Being the novice I was , when I was about 12 I `` rescued '' 2 bettas from a Pets Mart and put them both into separate , cheap , tiny little novelty tanks , and that 's how they lived for about a year and a half until I bought my third one and put him into a 5 gallon tank . I instantly noticed the difference!My 3rd Betta was flying all over the place , he was noticeably happier , responded faster -LRB- in a non-aggressive way -RRB- when I 'd come near the tank , and he lived for a little more than 3 and a half years ! My other two barely made it to 2 years . They were depressed , uninterested , slow to respond ... everything you do n't want your Betta to be . And once I moved them into larger 3 gallon tanks each , they perked up like none other!Betta 's need to be in 3-10 gallon tanks by themselves -LRB- 5 or larger and you might be able to add compatible fish , though I was n't willing to risk it -RRB- . In the wild , they live in rice paddies which are thousands of gallons of swimming space and naturally aerated and filtered , and only live in `` small puddles '' for about 2 or 3 months -LRB- at most -RRB- out of the year during the dry season.What 's more , while Wild bettas may be able to take smaller conditions longer and survive better , the fancy bettas we see in the stores today are not nearly as durable or hardy and need more stimulation and space.This `` tank '' has no filtration , has little space for the Betta , and is n't much better than the initial cup they come in .
 Too small for a temporary home . Not bad I guess if you wanted to put one in there while your changing your REAL tank . You can get a 5 gal for cheaper at some places . Please be kind !
 Even though betta can live in small place but I think this is too small for a betta . You will want to get at least one gallon tank for you betta .
 `` Tanks '' like these need to just be taken off the market ... small tanks are not appropriate for any fish and just because Bettas are cheap does n't make them any less of a fish or animal . Until I recently bought a 3 gallon tank for my Betta , I had no idea what a difference it makes ... you 'll enjoy your pet much more if you do n't just throw him in any old glass bowl/vase/whatever . My little guy seems so much happier ... he loves going up to the tiny `` current '' the filter makes and swimming in it ... he 's much more active and swims all over the place.Take the time to get a filter , a tank no smaller than 3 gallons and a heater -LRB- they are really supposed to have water about 80 degrees ! -RRB- .
 I expected this to be more resistant . These things only lasted me a week before my dog ripped a hole in one . They make your dog look cute but it is n't worth it .
 I bought these for my boxer because she has degenerative myelopathy and thought they 'd be useful for protecting her hind paws , since the disease causes her to drag them to the point of bleeding . I did n't need them to be waterproof , but FYI they 're not waterproof in the least . After wearing them on two 30-minute long walks , they were already falling apart and had a huge hole in them , rubber grip on the bottom flapping off . Granted , she does drag her paws so a healthy dog can probably get away with a week 's worth of use out of them .
 These boots are hard to put on and the velcro does n't really secure it too well . I read reviews stating that some buyers should have bought these one size smaller so I did . It 's still kind of difficult to put on . Once they 're on , our puppy has a hard time getting his balance . He sometimes slides because it does n't grip well and other times he loses a boot . We have yet to use it out in the rain or snow but if it 's already hard to use at home , I 'm sure it 'll be even trickier outside .
 These are good in theory . The seller shipped them ridiculously fast . However , as I sent my puppy -LRB- he 's 60 pounds at 8 months -RRB- out in the rain , I was surprised that he came back with these still on . As tight as you can velcro them , he `` could '' use his teeth to take them off . Also I noticed after taking them off , his paws were wet . UGH ! Not waterproof as the water went right through them . Defeats the purpose of wiping off his paws . They will be could for avoiding mud `` if '' he comes back with all 4 boots on . I will check for something maybe made of Gor-Tex and that has a better way to hold on the dog 's feet . It will be more money , but these are kind of lacking for the purpose they are suppose to serve .
 We bought 3 pair of these for our Bichon Frise pups to wear when we take them for their nightly walk . They are fine for snow , but not for wet , dirty pavement . Within a week of walking on the pavement every night there were holes in the toes where the fabric -LRB- including the lining -RRB- had worn through.I recycled the velcro strips from these boots as fasteners for 12 fleece boots that took about an hour to make . The fleece booties are intact after 3 weeks of daily walks .
 Boots looked great but they did n't stop from having the dogs paws getting soaked in the rain . Total waste of money .
 The booties have a lovely faux-shearling cuff at the top as pictured - which is great - but the rest of the boot is nothing but thin nylon . I have 2 chihuaua mixes , 8 and 10 lbs each , and the extra small is very large on the smaller one - the traction area under the paw is so wide and it makes him walk quite funny.The boots are too short ; I tighten the strap as much as I can without cutting off circulation , but they have a tendency to fall off during the walk because they do n't cover the joint.I 've given up on the booties in general and resorted to applying a waxy balm to their paws to prevent direct contact with the salt . After getting 8 booties on , adjusting the 2-3 that inevitably fall off during this process , and then having them fall off during the walk just is n't worth it .
 I bought these knowing my dog would probably not like them , but that a -RRB- if he did end up liking them , we could be saved some muddy tracks and cold paws and b -RRB- if he hated them , we might at least get some cute pictures of him with booties on . He did hate them , and they fell off before we could snap a picture.There 's no elastic in this material and it 's very thick and stiff , so it was difficult to get them on him securely . We did our best to wrap the Velcro band around them well enough that they 'd stay on , but the material just bunched up a lot in the back . Because they bunched up so much , snow and water could easily get in through the top.They lasted about 2 seconds on my dog and as soon as he jumped up , they slipped right off . In my opinion , it was n't worth the money for something he 'll never use again .
 These absolutely wo n't stay on my Rat Terrier . I would have to cut off circulation to her little feet to keep them on , I think . They also do n't want to stay in place . They twist and the little `` no slip '' pad ends up on the side or on top instead of the bottom .
 I 've had the same experience as Cecelia , another 1-star reviewer who said it well
 I installed this door , locked it so that cats could n't go in or out , made sure all my cats were inside , and left home for an overnight trip , feeling sure that my cats were safely indoors while I was out of town . When I came back the next afternoon , all 6 of my cats were out , and , since it looked like they had n't touched their food , I knew that they 'd been out since the day before . What happened ? They figured out how to open the locked flap , went out , and then could n't use the same trick to get back in because there are steps coming up to the outside of the cat door , so the angle is different.When the door is set for in only , such as when I have a few cats inside and want the rest inside for the night , the inside cats can stick their paw up under the rigid flap , pull it towards themselves , and slip out . When the cat door is locked -LRB- ca n't go in or out -RRB- , the cats can still get their paw under the outside edge of the rigid flap and wiggle it until they get it free because there is only one locking mechanism , and it is in the center of the cat door . In addition , the piece of plastic that stops the door from opening is only about 1/8 of an inch tall , so it 's very easy for the cats to maneuver the flap out of the locking mechanism.My solution ? I taped the cut-out pieces of the aluminum door back over the cat door and went back to leaving the door ajar.This door is absolutely useless for keeping cats in or out .
 she found it very disconcerting so I took it out and left the hole in the door . Not very elegant , but the cat needs to use the litter box , so there it is.That said , it seemed reasonably well made .
 I have n't used the product . Luckily I was able to cancel the order in time . I was not being alert , and just assumed that a high-priced bottle of deodorizer would ship for free . The invoice included an outrageous shipping charge . My fault for not checking . Just giving you a heads up .
 I loved this collar for my puppy , BUT it did n't hold up and already looks ragged . If not worn very often , then this collar would be OK .
 My two gerbils chewed and got tangled in this mess . It lasted two days . I do NOT recommend this at all .
 These nests came with the starter cages I ordered -LRB- 3 -RRB- . Let 's just say I 'm thankful I did n't pay for them . 3 out of 3 hamsters avoided these like the plague . They did n't even like to go near them . I tried putting tissues in them to make them a little more appealing , but to no avail . They took the tissues to their favorite hiding places and left the nests unused . They took up space , so I just took them out .
 This is no match for a gerbil that likes to chew things up . They do not crawl inside and stay there . Our gerbil chewed it up and used it to line the inside of the ceramic acorn house in her habitat . A silly product .
 This came with a starter cage I got for my daughter who was 12 at the time and it wrapped around her chinese dwarf hamsters neck and was strangling him!Shea took quick action and cut him out without hurting him . If you do get this I would carefully monitor your little buddies when they climb in there , or cut the inside grass in to two so they do n't get strangled .
 Bought this for my son 's gerbils . He has 2 gerbils . They completely shredded this in one day . What a waste of $ 7.00 . The gerbils loved it , but this item is too expensive to be a 1 day `` toy . ''
 My 3 russian dwafs did n't much case for this product . They are sisters and prefer the Ware Crunchy Cellulose Core Small Pet Hay Hut . All three spend their sleep time and there is still plenty of room . They like to take bedding and build up the hut to their liking .
 My dwarf hamsters did not find this very interesting . The preferred their plastic hide-aways ! They used it while it had the cottony stuff in it . Once that was removed -LRB- soiled -RRB- they did n't even use this as a tunnel . I do n't think they found it snug enough to nest in .
 I had one of these that came with a cage . It was a swing that attached to the top of the cage . I found one of my dwarf hamsters hanging by the neck from some of the fibers that came loose on the side of it . I found him and was able to cut it off before it was too . It wounded his neck and was traumatic for the hamster and me . I threw it out .
 I do n't know if it works because it turns out my cat had a yeast infection in her ears . The vet said not to use any OTC mite treatments because they have been known to cause seizures ... . just passing along the info .
 THIS IS NOT A CAT PLAY ROOM THIS IS A MISLEADING FALSE ADVERTISING AD !!! WHAT WILL BE SENT IS A `` FLEECE BENCH WARMER '' THAT GOES WITH THE PLAY ROOM , THE CAT PLAY ROOM ITSELF WILL HAVE TO BE PURCHASED SEPRATLEY AND NOT FOR 19.99 BUT FOR OVER $ 100 . OO . DO NOT BUY EVEN THOUGH IT STATES IN THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION IT IS A PLAY ROOM ! DO NOT BUY THIS MISLEADING PRODUCT OR ANY FROM THIS SELLER .
 This brush is a great idea ! You get to brush your pups and instead of trying to dig out all of the air from the brush you just pull off the colored piece and hair comes with it = -RRB- HOWEVER , the bristles -LRB- like any brush -RRB- ... even though they are made of hard plastic , do bend ... This makes it EXTREMELY difficult to put back on after just a few brushings.Also , today ... the bristles attachment ALSO came off of out brush . It seems like it should snap right back in , but it does n't . So now we have the handle and back , the bristle portion , and the colored section all separate and the brush is basically useless!Soooo frustrating !
 My cat loves it , but it does n't last very long . A cats normal hunting mode is -LRB- 1 -RRB- catch prey and -LRB- 2 -RRB- kill prey . My kitten is fairly good at killing this device even though she weighs less than 6 pounds . The instructions say not to bend the arm back against the motor . My cat did n't read the instructions . My other complaint is the the buttons are where my cat can push them by stepping on them .
 This toy nearly killed my cat . The mouse is the perfect size to get lodged in the cats throat , which is exactly what happened when the plastic stick detached from the device -LRB- which it did a lot -RRB- . He nearly choked to death the other night . My suggestion , if you must buy this , use it only under supervision and put it , or at least the mouse away when you are done .
 I work in a pet store and have this out on demo . I also have one for my 4 cats at home , so this toy has really been put through its paces over the past few weeks . Verdict
 I like the idea of this toy , since it keeps the cats engaged with the random motions.One of my cats really gets into it , and can play with it for a while.The other only sort of swats at it from a laying-down position.The problem is that the swinging metal arm on which the feather toy is attached to only sits on the main part with a metal clamp , and when the cats get into it and jump on it , the arm keeps coming off.So while the cats have fun , I do n't , bc I have to keep re-attaching the arm ! That 's super-annoying . It 's sitting in the corner now , unused , and I guess it is back to the crinkly shopping bags on which I have to spend no money at all !
 This product was n't working right and they promised to send a new one . They never did . It also falls apart as soon as the cats start to play with it . A total piece of garbage . Not to mention a company that does n't keep it 's word . I will be contacting them again but I am very angry .
 Had figured this would be a good way to entertain our Kitty when no people were around to play with her . She normally likes and shows interest in the wand toys , and since this seemed to have the same `` principle '' -LRB- but without the human -RRB- I thought she would go for it ... but I 've thought the same about other products and was wrong , and was also wrong about this one . She did not show any interest in this other than a little intimidation by the swinging arm , even when it was set on the lower speed . I was a little afraid that if she did approach this thing , the yellow arm would bop her or poke an eye , but needless to say it never got that far . She was not intrigued enough to go near it . Still not ready to give up on this , I set it outside one day when a neighbor 's cat was visiting . He also did not seem to realize it was there to pique his interest . Returned it .
 Kittens may find this toy fun , but only three of my five adult cats were mildly curious at first and lost interest quickly . The lure on its string slides onto the end of the rotating stem and is held in place by pressure . After a few minutes , the device tends to fling the lure loose from the stem . There is no automatic shut-off when this happens , so someone must supervise the device or the batteries will run down needlessly . I plan to give the toy to someone with a kitten .
 I purchased this item for my 4 month old kitty who is very active . The idea is good ... but it is not sturdy enough . She bent the rod that holds the wand in the first few hours when it was n't falling off . I have duct taped it on for now and straightened the rod ... I am sure it is just a short matter of time before it snaps off completely . She has also tipped it over several times - scaring her and me.I am sorry that I paid $ 30 bucks for this item ... I am much better off with the laser pointer and feather wand that are only a few dollars . Wish I could return it .
 When I got this product , I turned it on and it worked for maybe an hour . Then , it just stopped working . The older model of this toy is better . It broke within a few months , but at least it worked and gave my cat tons of entertainment . Cats love the panic mouse . If you are going to buy it , do n't buy this version , but remember , no matter what version you buy , it will not last long . -LRB- but to see your cat having all the fun ... it 's worth it -RRB- .
 This is one of the first toys I got my cat . He likes it for a little while , but quickly grows bored . I 'm talking about 3-5 minutes , if that . It 's easily caught , and once he catches it , that 's enough for him . He might try again a few times , but then he 'll walk off . When he wanted to play , I would turn this on for him and he would come back to me like , `` no , YOU play with me ! `` I think it 's just not enough to keep a smart cat entertained . He loves wands , that I have to move on my own . He likes to stalk it , and then just as he 's about to pounce -- I move it ! It 's great fun for the both of us . This thing just lets him catch it . Boooooring .
 Broke within 10 minutes of use . Very expensive and does n't work . My cats are not hard players , yet our blind cat broke it immediately
 I bought this product for my cat . She loved it so much when the first one broke I went out and got her another one.However , I hope my story makes you aware of this product . My cat was playing with the panic mouse 360 when all of a sudden she let out an extremely loud meow . She jumped up on my bed pulling the heavy toy behind her ! A wire loop goes through the mouse and the loop had loosened and became wrapped around her paw and tightened as she tried to become loose ! As she was running around in a panic I was trying to catch and free her , she eventually broke the wire part off the wand , but the wire was still wrapped around her paw.Thankfully I was able to get her and take the wire off , but she was extremely frightened and hid under the table.This product is CHEAP and potentially HARMFUL to your pet 's health . It certainly earned the name PANIC mouse ! DO NOT BUY !
 We had this toy for maybe about a week and our cats broke the toy . They would hold onto the panic mouse wand for too long . Also they were able to tip the toy over on its side in turn damaging the gears inside of the toy . This toy is not worth buying .
 I have three cats and I own the Litter Mate fully automatic litter box already . I bought this as a second litter box because it was all I could find and It 's a piece of junk . The rake gets stuck with even very little waste in the box and you have to help it along with either your hand or your foot . The rake does n't reach the bottom of the box and I usually have 3/4 of an inch of dried clumped litter stuck to the bottom that I have to scrape out . I cleaned the box completely out this morning , emptied , cleaned inside and out , dried thoroughly and put all fresh litter in and the rake got stuck with nothing to move . -LRB- No , the box is n't overfull of litter either -RRB- . After doing research , as soon as this dies -LRB- and I suspect it will be very very soon -RRB- I 'm going to spend the $ $ on the Litter Robot . My fully automatic Litter Mate is n't bad but the rake does require regular cleaning and after a year , it 's starting to show it 's age and not run as well . We 'll see what I get to replace that when it dies .
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . I bought this locally to replace the original littermaid box that finally died after a couple of years use . Semi-automatic means you have to step on the pedal for the rake to work . The smell is WAY worse with this piece of junk , since you have to get in the habit of pushing the pedal and then it wo n't rake because it 's overloaded . Hard to get the receptacle out and box does n't quite fit in the tent . Now I ca n't take it back to the store , one , because it 's obviously used , too embarrassed , and two , I already threw out the box & receipt . Prefer the original , but do n't expect to get more than 2 years use out of that one .
 I tried this same model about 3 yrs ago . It was semi automatic , and also used 6 D cell batteries , no household current . I tried it for about one week , and took it right back to the store .
 This is a hunk of junk . I had a fully automatic Littermaid and this `` one-step '' is just a cheap knock-off of the original . If you do n't constantly run over there and step on it so it scoops the litter it gets jammed up whenever it tries to scoop more than one bathroom usage . This is for people who have heard great things about Littermaids from their friends and family so they want one but do n't want to pay $ 100 . Think Littermaid 's going to have a lot of disgruntled customers . All this is is a cat box with a rake that you step-on to trigger it to move , why is it even $ 40 + ? Should be less than $ 20 tops .
 NOT AS GOOD AS I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE . NOT MUCH POWER , SO WO N'T CLEAN AND DUMP IF THERE IS EVEN A MODERATE AMT . OF CLUMPS . DOES N'T REACH NEAR THE BOTTOM , SO I ALWAYS STILL HAVE TO SCOOP IT MYSELF .
 I have always had a self cleaning litter box for my previous cats , and just loved them . This was my first LitterMaid and I am very disappointed . The rake does not go to the bottom of the tray and misses half the clumps , which I have to scoop out myself.I have tried to repeat and still I end up scooping , very disappointing . I called them , but they said there was nothing they could do . What good is the warrenty !! I will be calling them again !
 The litterMaid one step , is not all that everyone hopes . It is small slow and not very powerful . Might be good for house hold with one cat . I have three cats and got two of them . worked ok for 2 weeks then motor died in both . Now im selling the parts . anyone interested.Lol JK , If you are looking for a great auto-litterbox get the CAT GENIE - This bad boy works great . but is a little pricey but worth it . ~ Gunz ~
 Was supposed to be brand new . Box had been opened and rake apparatus was jammes half way down track .
 The Littermaid One Step looks elegant . When you press the foot pedal , you smile . The disposable cat pans are great . Even still , this product is a flop of modern technology and I wish I had n't thrown away my regular cat box just days ago.Why ? Well , because the product is semi-automatic . You actually have to monitor your cat , wait 10 minutes , and then hit the activating foot pedal . You 'll still smile about the rake moving on its own - that is , until the motor ca n't push your cats clumped litter up a plastic ramp into the disposable pan . Yes , the product will quickly reverse its direction from plow to retreat if the litter clump is too heavy.At this point , you are double stepping on the foot pedal to give courage to the rake so it will scoop up your cat 's clumps and once again it fails or after three attempts it finally reaches the disposable bin and simply ca n't push the clump into the tray . Sometimes the machine will rake over a cat dropping and on its retreat to standby position , it rakes the clump behind itself and gets stuck there as well.All in all , this machine costs you an extra 5 minutes per cat box maintenance and in the end you will have to get your kitty scooper out and do what you were doing prior to your purchase . You ca n't trust this machine to clean your cat box , only aggravate you and make you wonder why you bought something else you have to supervise .
 This box is terrible . I got it after my original littermaid died . -LRB- My old modle lasted about 6yrs -RRB- This one was a real piece of junk . You can not take the waste recepticle out without it snapping and spraying waste all over . The rake gets stuck constantly and mine broke after about a month in a place that you CAN NOT fix . Do n't waste your money .
 I used these for years before my local shops stopped carrying them . Was happy to find them on Amazon , but very disappointed when they arrived . The solution -LRB- clove oil and other agents -RRB- was dried out - fresh , good swabs have the solution filled in the stem of the swab . Nothing . Dried up . Evaporated . Useless.These are wonderful swabs when fresh . Useless when old and dried out.Very disappointed .
 I bought this carrier to take my 9 lb cat onboard an aircraft during a move . The carrier fits well under airline seats but the top zipper broke the third time it was opened . The zipper broke in such a way that it was unfixable so I had to pin the top to contain my cat for the rest of the layover and last flight .
 I ordered this and needed fairly quick . Kept expecting it , kept expecting it , kept expecting it . Could have ordered from a hundred place . Then , i get an email saying the order was canceled . Yet here it is on the internet , still for sale !!!!!!! LOUSY WAY TO TREAT PEOPLE , BUB ! About done with Amazon if this is what happens now . BTW , my little dog that needs this is dying . Has a very bad heart . Do n't know how much longer he will be here and you people just screwed him and me !
 I 'm left with no other alternatives but to give this product the lowest rating so far and that only on the account of the misleading and incorrect description given by the producer on the Amazon website -LRB- as well as on the Sherpa website -RRB- about the sizing of the bags with reference to the size of your dog.They are completely wrong.My dog is a 7 month old Russel Terrier , the one with short legs -LRB- 8 inches -RRB- and weighting 12 pounds.They tell you to measure your dog from the back of the ears to the start of the tail -LRB- mine is 14 inches -RRB- and from the top of the shoulder to the pawn -LRB- mine is almost 9 inches -RRB- . Following the size recommendations the medium size bag , which is for pets up to 16 pounds and it 's 10H '' and 16L '' , should do nicely . Well think again ! Yes my pet can enter the bag , but can hardly move around -LRB- and I ` am planning to take a long transatlantic flight -RRB- and can not even stand up properly -LRB- which is one of the requirements from the airlines -RRB- . The weight to size description of the Sherpa prototype dog is somehow misleading because few dogs can fit their description -LRB- unless they had some mutilating accident -RRB- . One would think that the measurements they ask you to take of your dog , would result in a bag that comfortably fit your pet for a humane travel , not resulting in a `` squeeze your dog into it '' , violating airline policies and your sensitivity as a pet lover.Please keep also in mind that my pet has short legs and therefore is already in a shorter category than most other dogs , even so the bag is to small.What 16 pound dog can fit the size of 10H by 16L , possibly only one who has been cut up by Jack the Ripper.My conclusion is , and I ` am only saying this because the product is a good one , otherwise I would n't border , step up one size to the recommended one and you -LRB- and most important your friend -RRB- would be fine .
 I purchased this 100 pack and the sent me only 1 . Several calls to customer service got me no where . Do not buy !
 Item was NOT AT ALL as described or depicted in pictures . It was so nasty looking and milky white -LRB- not what a pig ear looks like -RRB- that I threw it away . Not only that , it was $ 10.00 and I only got one ! If I could give it zero stars I would .
 Although the price was right , the product did not repel or kill ticks on my two dogs .
 We live in heavily wooded acreage and I battle ticks on my 100lb . Anatolian Shepherd and Border Collie . I renewed the 1 on the Anatolian 5 days ago and checked it today and her whole neck was raw and bloody where the collar was . Removed the collar and it was even bloody . I was in shock and felt terrible wondering if it was worth nearly killing my dog for ticks !! There was even a huge gray tick alive 2 '' from the collar & still attached ! Actually paid $ 25 . to make my dog suffer like this . I had checked the collar daily when I put the 1st collar on but had neglected to check it like I should as she is outside only . Never will use these again and had just purchased 4 more collars .
 I returned this product when upon receipt I could read all the warnings on the back about the hazards of coming in contact with this product . The active ingredient is toxic to dogs as well as ticks , with warnings not to allow your pets to chew on the collar and , as I understood it , for humans to use care in handling the collar . I have three dogs which interact with us a lot -LRB- why else have them ? -RRB- and also with each other . Many times I have seen one dog put his mouth on the neck of one of the others in licking and wrestling , which is enough encounter with the collar 's active ingredient to cause illness.I can not say if this product works for ticks , but the package warnings were sufficient to cause me to return them.My only advice to the seller would be to show clear photographs of both sides of the package so the consumer can be well informed prior to purchase . It would have saved both of us a lot of trouble.Seller has been very cooperative to work with.Virbac Preventic Tick Collar for Dogs -LRB- one 25 '' collar -RRB-
 Watch the wordng , very poor this is only one bar that has to hook to a prexisting pet stop make sure that tis is what you want.very poorly pictured also .
 This is a single extension . The product description is completely misleading .
 Normally I hate Amazon reviews that are about the shipping experience rather than the product , but since I 'm not the first to have this problem I think customers should know . The item arrived without the `` feet '' that are supposed to prevent damage to the roof and floor of the cargo area . The box was beaten up and opened & re-taped -- I do n't care about how the packaging looks , but it means that it 's not the factory losing parts but the company reselling the barrier . Amazon 's affiliate for this product apparently regularly ships incomplete barriers , and I would recommend not purchasing from them .
 This product is pretty flimsy . Our dog knocks it down on an regular basis . The feet also do n't seem to want to stay on the legs .
 When I received the first order of the pet barrier , it was missing one of the foot for the vertical bars . I was disappointed in the cheap quality of the metal , but thought I 'd live with what I ordered . I had to get some tape , find UPS , and send it back myself . When the replacement order arrived , it had only one foot . I wished I had n't sent back the original because I realized I would have the 4 feet that were needed . Meantime , it came time for the surgery that my dog needed . I had to drive him 45mins to get home while he was still ` drunk ' from the anesthesia . By the time we were home he had damaged the surgery site and made a mess of the upholstery . Bottom line , I did n't have the item when I really needed it and consoled myself that I would n't want to look at something with that cheap quality day in and day out , anyway .
 First , I received a damaged box , with incomplete parts . I returned it -LRB- yes , free return shipping , but it 's still time consuming to repackage and drive over to drop off -RRB- , and asked for a replacement.Replacement arrived - the box was even more banged up than before , and obviously opened -LRB- ripped open is more like it -RRB- . Different missing parts this time.Returned it for a full refund , and will NOT do business with this company again .
 When I received this product it was missing one of the vertical bars . So I returned it to Amazon for a replacement . When I received the replacement it was missing one of the rubber feet . Two Strikes and your out , when it comes to product quality !
 It 's been one month since I purchased the Preventic collars . Our dog was infested with ticks . Within 24 hours the ticks were gone . It was great . However , according to the literature with the package , no new ticks were supposed attach to the dog . That was n't the case . They did attach , but they would die within 24 hours . So , the ticks were still being brought into the house . Additionally , within 3 weeks the collar had lost its effectiveness . I literally pulled about 40 ticks off of our dog ! Not fun . So , I used the second collar . It 's working great right now , but how long is it going to last ? By the way , the first collar never got wet , so there was no reason for it to lose its effectiveness . I do n't know why the collar was uneffective after just 3 weeks . The box had an expiration date of July 2008 . I do n't mind the cost of using a new collar each month , but they really should last a lot longer than 3 weeks .
 One week after wearing the collars I was still finding live and feeding ticks on my dogs . In fact one was engourged and on her back four inches below the collar . I was hopeful and ultimately disappointed that this is not the end to my problem as I had hoped .
 Collar is fine . The price was n't . I was looking at two-packs and comparing pricing . There were a couple of offers about the same price and I selected one . Turned out somehow this vendor 's offer for a single collar got in the mix . I did n't catch it . The price was the same others in the marketplace offered for a two-pack , which I later purchased because I have a couple of dogs . Do n't know how it snuck in with the other offerers . I contacted the seller and they said they 'd take the collar back for a three dollar restocking fee . Not . I 'll admit , my mistake for being so stupid . Moral , buyer beware of price gougers .
 We purchased this Preventic collar for our two Yorkies from our vet . It cost us $ 18.00 plus tax.We have a well maintained and fenced backyard . When we found the first tick , my husband treated the yard with granular and liquid insect killer and preventative . We do have a small neatly stacked woodpile against the back fence that the dogs run in and around -LRB- chasing squirrels -RRB- and that 's where we think the ticks are coming from.Our Yorkies are well groomed . They are both brushed and combed at least once , sometimes twice daily . We have not been giving them regular baths as the company states the animal oils need to be present for the collar to work . We followed the directions to the letter.AFTER TWO WEEKS OF USING THE COLLAR , WE WERE STILL PICKING OFF LIVE CRAWLING AND ATTACHED TICKS . We 've been keeping them in a jar to see if they would die off . A few died , but several are still very lively , seem quite healthy and are crawling around the jar.Don ' t expect much from customer service , if you call them . I called TWO WEEKS AGO and left a polite message asking for a return call . THERE 'S STILL BEEN NO RESPONSE FROM THEM . I wanted to give them a chance to explain why the collar was n't working . I 'M VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THE COLLAR AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT.After a month of still finding live ticks , we tried Frontline Plus . Since applying the Frontline Plus , we have NOT FOUND ONE SINGLE TICK !!!! One of my Yorkies is going to the vet for an annual checkup . I plan to let my vet know how poorly this tick collar performed and how poor the customer service is with this company .
 My dogs still got ticks and one dog got lymes which almost killed her . I recommend getting the drops you can purchase . They are alot more money but the vet bills you may get are really high !!!
 We 've used these products for years with great success . We live in a heavily wooded area and the tic collars work . However , we bought several of these to be able to get us through a season . When they arrived , we saw that they expired before the season was over . Assuming they would work for an extra month or two , we kept them . Bad decision . The expiration on the box matched when our dogs started coming in with tics . If you can get away with ordering them as you use them , fine . Do NOT try to stock up with this vendor to save on shipping/hassle .
 Bought the Calming Cap in hopes it would relax our Labradoodle in the car and stop him from drooling like Niagra Falls . No effect at all . It was a complete waste of money . Even outside the car it had no effect , plus he found a way to remove it in less than 10 seconds .
 The parts bag was missing 11 nuts and bolts . Going to have to go to a hardware store and buy more so I can put the wheels on the cart ! Disappointing for sure !
 this item broke the first time we tried to use it . I would n't get again , not worth the money . Cheaply made
 I had this product on an Exo Terra cage for several months . It worked great to keep my toddler out of the cage . One day it just fall apart scattering its innards all around . Disappointed in the quality of the construction .
 Oh well , I made my mistake on this product . This product is very strange , 20g tanks are not all the same , no doubt . Sadly the item I got DOES NOT FIT my 20g tank . In order to help future buyers , the measurements are 19.5 inches in length and 7.75 inches deep . If you have an aquarium that is 24 inches in length , DO NOT buy this , it will come up short . I will try to rig it and see if it will work with my 24 inches in length aquarium , please beware of the odd length of 19.5 inches . Good luck !
 Not enough info in description . I know this is for a 20 gal tank but I have seen tanks of different shapes - some longer but not has wide , some shorter but deeper etc. . Needs more then just the amount of water it will hold - the info needs to include the demensions of the lid so that potential purchasers will know what they are buying . Sorry this is not a comment on the actual product but on the desciption of the product , but I know of no other way to ask my question .
 What a piece of garbage . This thing looked nothing like the photo and it was not at all a normal tank lid that is hinged for feeding . This ` piece ' did not even properly fit my 10g tank . I am big into my aquariums and wanted a simple lid that was viewable and yet still functional for my small tank but it did n't even work and I tried and tried and it was just a failure . I ended up tossing it and buying one from the local fish supplier that worked . Do n't buy unless you like to hassle with functionality . Lol . this is basically like a piece of plexiglass cut in half and hinged together . Not even sure if the dimensions were correct for this item as it was too small for the standard 10g tank . Hope this helps make a decision .
 Cute idea , but the cats just move their favorite scratching spot an inch to the left .
 Put one on and it fell off within about 5 seconds so what I would say is that it was one of the most annoying purchases I 've ever made . How do they continue to sell it ?
 The adhesive on the protectors was a slimy stringy mess . More like snot than adhesive . Not at all usable .
 The cat still gets past them , but hey what can you do she 's a cat . They are protective though its best to just cover your whole damn couch or whatever in plastic .
 We were not happy with this item . It was very difficult to work with and did n't function well at all .
 This product was a gross waste of money , I even purchased the 4 x 6 '' 5-Pack . None of them stick to the furniture , they fall off within 2 days without being scratched by my cat .
 Would not buy this again . My smaller dog was able to get the flimsy -LRB- too short -RRB- metal ties off of the frame . She then easily mashed the chain link and escaped . I can not get the chain link to smooth out again . It took hours to put together , not 30 minutes as promised . This crate would never hold a medium-large strong dog . It is free standing and my dogs pushed it across the basement room , tipped it and escaped .
 If you love your pet , and want to keep them out of danger , this is NOT the leash you want . Mine came unstitched at the end , a manufacturer problem , and my pet ran freely into the road . Please do not place your pets at risk by purchasing this dangerous , improperly manufactured product.There is a reason that the price is cheap.On the other hand , check out the Flexi brands which I also purchased , At more than twice the price , it is fantastic . A German engineered product that works very well . I am purchasing a second &#34; Flexi &#34; product tonight , to replace the dangerous Warren Pet Product .
 This leash broke the day i bought it . i have a 40lb Norwegian Elkhound and it could n't even handle him . i figured this wasnt really a quality product but i didnt expect it to be that bad .
 I used this leash a grand total of maybe a dozen times . My dog saw a cat , took off , and snapped it . It says it 's good for dogs up to 60 pounds , but I would n't use it for anything bigger than a chihuahua . What crap . Not only did I have to chase my dog for half an hour , but that poor cat may have suffered a heart attack .
 Ordered May 1 , broke July 6 . It no longer retracts . It is a very strong leash , just has problem with the retracting mechanism , I guess .
 The locking mechanism does n't catch fully , which causes it to slip . I had to use my hand to hold my Jack Russel back from running in the street -- a function that should have worked with this leash . A week after purchase , my dog ran out , pulling the leash to its full 26 feet . It should have retracted , but did n't . I broke . Lovely . I learned my lesson about buying products that are too cheap and found a replacement . The replacement cost three times as much , but has been working like a charm -- like its supposed to .
 My sister and I purchased this kennel in order to keep our greyhound cool , safe and secure inside of the house during a storm . The kennel was set up in the basement of the house and installed by a professional handyman . Upon our return home , our 60 pound greyhound was outside of the kennel with her side ripped open and bleeding profusely . By butting through the side chain link and bottom of the frame , she had escaped . It was the sharp edges of the kennel that caused her physical injury . She required surgery and an inpatient stay as a result . Upon contacting Midwestern Metal , their response was that this is not their responsibility and they declined to take into consideration my suggestion of posting a warning , manufacturing options or even to allow me to return the product . This is poor customer service at its best . I do not recommend this product to loving pet owners . I was left with an expensive kennel I wo n't use and $ 500 . in medical bills as well as an injured pet .
 This cage is way too small for a rabbit . Not only that , but wire flooring is terrible for rabbits since they do n't have pads to protect their feet . Most cages that can be bought from a store are way too small for rabbits , so instead please research alternatives for proper cages before you buy ! I highly recommend www.rabbit.org as a place to start !
 Not impressed with this cage !! To change the drip pan you have to take one of the walls of , it does n't just slip out . If you are keeping your rabbit inside this is NOT the cage . The drippings go straight on the floor and to get it clean enough that it does n't smell you have to take outside and spray down . The drippings get stuck on the bottom wires and do n't come off . I have ruined my carpet cuz of the cage not catching everything . Horrible cage ! If could afford another would buy one !
 I am not able to prove what I am about to say , but , the `` Drontal '' I received from this seller , is not the real product . I was forced to buy from this seller because the one I usually buy from is no longer on Amazon . I de-wormed my cats 3 weeks ago , and my cats , all 15 special needs , have symptoms of worms , the worse I have ever seen . Angry ? Just a bit ! In fact , my one cat , Sassy , fought me tooth and nail when it was her turn to be wormed and she never gives me a fight . She KNEW this was not Drontal . I do n't know what true ingredients are in this bottle of `` Drontal '' from this seller , but they did NOT address the worms . My cats are throwing up worm segments , a NEVER , they have diarrhea , they have runny eyes , and their appetite has become increasingly poor . Some of my FLUTD 's are having attacks , and it is my professional `` guess '' that it is because they are full of worms . My cat who has Congestive Heart Failure is in serious trouble right now because she is full of worms . And it goes on ... I depend on a monthly worming schedule with Drontal because one of my cats is indoor/outdoor , so it is essential that I keep on top of this.Do NOT buy from this seller . I have been using Drontal for many , many years , and I have never had a problem like this . This is NOT the real Drontal !
 When I heard `` everlasting '' , I was excited to see if my 75 pound Boxer/Lab mix would finally meet his match . I would estimate to say that my dog had the treat removed from the ball in under 10 minutes of constant chewing/slobbering . About 30 minutes after that , the treat was gone !! However , I did find a more adquete use for this `` everlasting '' treat machine . The blue ball that the treat sticks in is just great for my dog to chew on . There are are slots on each side , shaped like an X. I found putting other treats -LRB- i.e. piece of a milk bone -RRB- into the center of the ball provided much more enjoyment for my dog . He has to roll it around , chew on it , slobber on it and use his paws to get the treat.Still , it 's not everlasting , but I suppose every breed could have a different response to the treats . If not for the extra use of the blue ball , I would have rated 1 star , but I 'm still getting some life out of it .
 It took my 12 year old lab/golden mix about 5 minutes to get the treat out of the ball . good thing i was watching him , because he could have choked on it .
 Product received in a very timely manner and was easy to assemble . Happy with the plastic pan in the bottom vs metal - however after using for less than 2 months now am finding the finish on the door latches is gone and they are rusting as well as other connecting joints are showing signs of rust . Wondering now if the finish on this item is SAFE for my dog ! Also when my 6 month old labrador retriever moves around in the crate some of the connections holding it together come undone . Needed a folding type crate for transporting & will be looking for something new .
 This is just a poorly made product . The latches are welded so they hit where the bars come together , making it really difficult to even put together . There is nothing to `` lock in '' the tray in the front where you would slide it out to clean it , meaning my dog just slides the tray out . We had to zip tie it in . It also is poorly fitting , so I suspect it will only be a matter of days before my dog pulls up the tray from a corner and chews it to pieces.I do like the weight of it and if it fit together properly , it would be a great , heavy duty crate . For my dog 's needs , a crate without a bottom tray is worthless , so the quality of this product and tray design are disappointing .
 I would give it -5 starts if I could . This `` value '' crate lasted ONE day , my dog was able to pull the wire on from the sides ... . I am oh so grateful that he did n't got hurt , when I came home from work I found a 2 inch wire from the crate sticking out inside the crate ! HOW CHEAP IS THIS CRATE !? Could n't returnedt because it was all damaged . I do n't have a Tasmania devil as a dog just a regular 100 lb dog , this 40 ' crate is a joke . It was a waste of money .
 I bought the 30 '' x 21 '' x 24 '' size Midwest Life Stages Double-Door Folding Metal Dog Crate . Unfortunately , the door on the 30 '' side was bent , and the door on the 21 '' side did not close properly . This is the first time I 've bought a crate less than $ 70 ... now I know why . It was a great price and I thought it would be an okay crate , but the quality is n't there . This is going back . You get what you pay for !
 I bought 4 of these crates in December . I have rottweilers and need a sturdy crate . This is not the crate to use for anything that breathes . I had to re-enforce these crates in six places with stainless steel clips to prevent it from collapsing on itself . A stiff breeze will cause this crate to collapse in on itself . I have bought a lot of different crates over the last 20 years and I have never had to deal with such a poorly designed crate.I thought that Midwest was a reliable brand , but not any more . In the past I have been happy with my Midwest crates . I am very disappointed in the quality of these of these crates . I still have the 42 '' crates from General Cage that I bought 16 years ago . I ca n't imagine these crates making it a fraction of that time . Very disappointing .
 This crate was cheaper than most other crates but after I opened it , I saw why . Let me preface that I have put these crates together before and know how to make minor adjustments if needed . The doors latches were extremely hard to open and close . Some of the exposed joints were a bit rough and had signs of wear right out of the box . Maybe it 's a fluke and I got a bad item , but for me , I 'll go elsewhere .
 I could not fully assemble the crate because the front panel - the part that contains the side door -LRB- the smaller door -RRB- - would n't latch on to the rest of the crate . Both sides of the crate have hooks that the front panel is supposed to be set into , to hold it all together . But , the hooks on the side align a horizontal bar on the front panel , preventing you from actually hooking the front panel closed . So ... ca n't even set up the crate.I will also add that the wire is not all that strong . If you press your palm against it , you 're going to make it bulge . Which is disconcerting because my 15 lb dog will probably throw her whole weight against this thing for as long as she 's in there if she thinks she can make it bend and when she does , she 'll either break free , or worse , get poked by a loose wire or get strangled between the front and side panel.I would n't recommend this crate to anyone with a dog that would test its limits . Even a small dog , given enough time , is going to succeed at damaging this crate and possibly itself .
 I bought this product to limit access to the house when I was away for a few hours for my 8 month old boxer ... Rockyfeller has been sleeping in this crate for 2 weeks without the door locked so he would be comfortable enough when I decided to lock him in ... . so the first night I locked the door was when I went grocery shopping and when i came home I walked into quite a mess ... . he was able to break down the front of cage where the door is positioned ... . I ended up wrapping building wire around the edges because the `` clamps/hinges '' around the frame did not hold in place ... I should 've purchased a Hard Plastice Kennel instead ...
 I have a 30lb pit bull who was able to break out of the crate door with minimal effort . I secured the door with bungee hooks , and the top with extra D hooks . She ripped the plastic crate liner to bits . Its a flimsy piece of plastic that will easily crack if flexed . This crate may be perfect for docile dogs or old dogs but a strong breed like a pit bull needs something more sturdy . That said , if anyone knows where I can get a metal crate pan , please reply to this post .
 My chihuahua strangled himself inside this crate !!!!!! He was able to get his head between top and side and was unable to free himself . I came home and found him hanging inside this crate !!!!!!! Wish I could give it a negative 0 star !!!
 The design is poor , very difficult to fold and unfold . Construction is shoddy with ill fitting parts.The cheap plastic handles easily break.However , the wire crate is what it is -- if you must buy it do n't buy it with the thought in mind to frequently break it down and set it up again .
 This crate is made in China , probably by folks being treated and paid no better than the dogs it 's supposed to house . The crate arrived bent and unusable . The front door would not close , let alone latch . The partition would not fit in place due to the damaged frame . The instructions for assembly were crammed inside the folded crate , so you could not get to them until you 'd nearly completely assembled it . DUH !!! The manufacturer actually goes so far as to implore the buyer to contact it first , before returning the product to the store -LRB- Amazon -RRB- . I guess this is an attempt to interrupt reviews such as this before they get to other potential buyers i.e. suckers . If you 're looking for cheap , you found it . If you 're looking for a crate that 's well worth the cost , that comes with instructions you can actually read before assembling , that assembles as quickly and effortlessly and as correctly as you can reasonably expect and as advertised and a crate from a manufacturer whose quality controls meet a high enough standard that they do n't feel compelled to enclose a plea to contact them first , if you have a problem , look elsewhere . Personally I 'm going to check out Petco and Foster and Smith and my local pet products store.Final note , this product is distributed from Muncie , IN , 30 miles from where I grew up , back when good jobs were plentiful and decent pay was a given . As you may know , Indiana just became the first state in the rust belt to reject collective bargaining in favor of right-to-work . Thus , cynically , I assume the distributor of this Chinese junk , Midwest , is delighted with the shift in Indiana politics and will be happy to continue contracting out manufacturing -LRB- JOBS -RRB- to China until the labor standards and pay locally drop so low they can offer defective products made by desperate Hoosiers . How sad.I 've given this product one star only because no star was not an option .
 I ca n't believe there are so many positive reviews of this crate . There are so many things wrong with it.First , someone else already mentioned the clips . They either stick into the cage or they lay on the floor sticking up waiting for you to step on them . What were they thinking?And that brings us to # 2 . The clips are there because this is portable . What a joke . This thing is heavy . It is difficult to fold and unfold . -LRB- Or else mine is bent and/or poorly constructed , either way it 's a strike . -RRB- There is gon na be flexing metal when you do it too . So it 's not a given that you are going to escape uninjured from the process.The handles provided only snap onto bars with certain diameters . Make sure you use THOSE bars and that the handles snap in or you could easily drop this thing . And you 're pretty unlikely to escape from that uninjured . Also , because the handles only snap onto the long bars they are not very convenient for moving the crate around when it is assembled.If you plan to take the divider panel when you transport this thing please pay attention to where it comes from when you first unfold it because you 'll never figure out where it goes again.Which brings us to # 3 . Use the divider panel and it will be available from puppyhood through adulthood . Another joke , I think . Any puppy could fit his whole leg through the bars of this cage - all the way up to the hip or shoulder . Try to picture that with a frantic puppy and no injury.Then there 's # 4 . Want to get the door closed fast ? Forget it . The locking bars will slide into the closed position . And you ca n't just slide them open and closed to lock them either . You have to lift the handle in order to be able to slide the lock open or closed . When you swing the door closed the handles swing out allowing the locks to slide closed by centrifugal force . Both locks then have to be disengaged so the door can close all the way and you can engage the locks . That means before you can engage either lock you have to lift the handle on each one and slide it to the open position . How fast does that sound ? With practice you might get pretty fast , but it 's still a TERRIBLE design.This product was NOT made by dog-lovers . Consumer testing was non-existent . I found all these issues in the first week of use . Keep looking . This is not the crate for you , even at Amazon 's prices .
 My puppy escaped from this the first night I had her ! I ended up having to padlock the sides together to prevent her getting out . If you have a placid dog this might be ok , but my puppy HATED this thing . I would come home after 3 hours and she would have a bleeding nose because she was trying so hard to get out.She also urinated in it every day without fail , despite my walking her , taking her out and frequently going home to let her out . The crate rusted and left stains on my carpeting.I have switched to an enclosed , plastic airline crate and she no longer urinates , does n't escape and is much , much calmer . Spend the money to get a decent crate upfront , it will ease the house training process and ensure a MUCH happier dog !
 We ordered a 36 and a 42 , for our two dogs . Both arrived in the original packaging . The 42 was taped on one end , as if it had previously been opened . The 36 worked fine . The 42 , it turns out , had a broken corner . The wire that forms the lower corner was cut or snapped , undermining the integrity of the frame , and make it hinge unsupported . The damaged was discovered just after the 30-day return window , so I could n't exchange it . Amazon graciously offered a partially refund , and I am attempting a repair on my own.Midwest 's packaging consists of a single-walled cardboard box , with no padding . This leaves the product vulnerable to damage , including bent wires and broken welds . `` Check contents immediately for damage '' is a good rule to follow . : - -RRB- We bought these crates because of the side doors , so that we could put two crates with the long sides along a wall . Shipping/warehouse damage aside , these crates work well . The finish is attractive , and the rollers on the underside work well to protect the floor from scratches during movement . Midwest uses a heavier wire than PetEdge uses on their house-brand crates -LRB- such asProSelect Steel Wire Smart Snap Dog Crate , Medium , Silver Sage -RRB- , yielding a stiffer crate . We are using these at home , so we do n't mind the resulting extra weight.I would give these crates a 4.5 , if MidWest improved the packaging . As it is , I 'd think twice before ordering another crate by mail .
 We ordered this crate after reading several great reviews and looking at it in Petco . It seemed like a good quality crate , however , when it arrived , there was rust spots on the crate , the locks wo n't work because the lock bar and the hole do n't line up and the crate was already bent and did n't align well . It was pretty disappointing and I would not recommend that anyone by this crate or products from this company . It was wobbly and not very sturdy . Not something that I would feel safe leaving my puppies in .
 I bought the largest size with the divider for my Doberman puppy . The crate pops up easily and the divider made it the right size , but after one week the plastic tray already has a hole in it . There is no way this tray can support an 80 pound dog if an 11 week old , 20 pound puppy can break it ! Now I have to try and find a sturdier replacement tray which will probably cost as much as the crate itself . I would have given this a high rating if the tray was n't so cheap .
 This is my first review so please bare with me . I felt compelled to write this review because of all of the positive feedback which ultimately influenced my decision to purchase this kennel . Well , the feedback coupled with the discount price ... We have 2 dogs , one which is a bulldog puppy and the other is an adult boston terrier -LRB- very small -RRB- . We wanted to get a second kennel so both dogs would be in a similar size kennel since the adult is already well trained.Much to our dismay , this kennel seemed pale in comparison to our existing kennel which was purchased a year or two ago from a local national pet store for just a few dollars extra.The metal wire on this kennel seemed to be far less thick which meant it was completely unsuitable for the bulldog puppy . It is about the same thickness of a wire hanger which black enamel paint on it.Really , the worst part was the hard plastic liner tray made it unlivable for the smaller dog since it seemed to magnify even the slightest movement on it . For example , we would hear TAP TAP TAP all night long as the boston terrier moved during her sleep . It was so loud that we could hear it throughout our house.Additionally , the liner has a rough texture to it . I assume its to prevent a puppy from sliding around since they do not tend to have rough paws . But with a small mature dog , it was absolutely impossible to listen to the scratching on the surface all day and night.In contrast , our existing kennel had more of a rubbery plastic liner . The fact that it was more pliable meant that it absorbs most of the sound and either dog can move around in it without much noise at all . The rubbery texture also meant that it could be smooth while still providing some grip for the dog.So you are thinking , why not just put a kennel mat inside ?? Well we did , and the noise actually comes from the tray tapping against the bottom metal wire . To solve this problem , we want and purchased a roll of some padded shelf liner . The liner costs approximately $ 8 . So when you add the cost of the liner plus the kennel plus the shipping , we could have gotten a quality kennel locally for the same price . Not to mention the sleep we lost trying to figure out how to solve the problem.Hope this helps .
 I purchased this crate in a larger size for one of my dogs and have been very pleased with it . So , I purchased it for my other dog who has a little separation anxiety and is destructive when he is alone . He lasted 4 days in it . He bent the wires and pulled a few off totally . He can get his head through the hole and now I am afraid to put him in it . Basically , it is useless to me now .
 The crate is okay . It has a divider and serves its purpose for a dog that is comfortable in a crate . The two-door design is nice . The metal wires are fairly flimsy , and I could see a determined dog destroying the crate and maybe getting hurt in the process . We use it for a puppy to sleep in at night . He is in the bedroom with us , so if he got too wild in the crate , I could address it . I would be hesitant to use this crate to separate dogs or for a high strung dog that will be left alone . I am writing this review because the crate actually cut me last night . I reached between the wires to move a toy inside the crate and caught my hand on a rough spot . I now have a three inch slice down the side of my hand . We have a PetMate crate for our other dog that seems much sturdier and safer without any pointy areas on the metal that could snag a human hand or a puppy paw . If your pup will be well behaved and not push the sides of this crate , it is probably okay , but if not , I would try another brand . I updated this and took away a star . I snagged my pants on another rough spot and ruined them . The company really needs to address the way the metal is connected and create smoother surfaces .
 pros
 I think it is great that all the other reviewers -LRB- and their pets -RRB- have had positive experiences with this product . I , unfortunately , have not . I left my 65 lb dog in his crate for 45 minutes only to come home to the wire on the door having broken welds and the wire bent up at my dog 's eye level . I understand that some dogs will be able to damage their crates , I just feel that the crate should withstand my dog trying to reach a toy that ended up outside of his crate . This damage has not only made this brand new crate unusable , my dog could have been seriously injured had he been left for a longer period.To make it worse , I was told by MidWest 's customer service that the warranty will not cover anything because the damage was inflicted by the animal . I was told I should have `` more thoroughly inspected the crate for any defects prior '' to leaving my animal in it . So I guess I was supposed to check every single weld on every single wire on the entire crate before use . That is ridiculous . Further , no parts are replaceable -LRB- except the tray -RRB- and it is not possible to order a new door . I was told to go purchase a new crate at full price.Be careful with this product . Apparently the warranty is void once your animal has been inside the crate . I gave it one star only because zero stars was not an option .
 We bought this crate 5 months ago for our new GS puppy but did not use it for a few months since it was so large . Now just three months into use it is unsafe to continue to use . The clips can be popped off by my puppy who tries to eat them . Not only that the front door never sat quite right and just continues to get worse . At this point my puppy can pop it right off . Last it is rusting out all over the place which makes no sense since we use it in our sun room not outside . I wish now we would have bought two plastic crates -LRB- we bought our other puppy a plastic one which has held up great -RRB- . I am so disappointed in this product which now needs to be replaced . I wish I could post pictures so that others can see how damaged this crate looks after little use . I am also disappointed that since I bought this 5 months ago I can no longer rectify the problem or send the seller feedback .
 This item was not damaged in shipping , it was packaged that way . The FedX guy was still in the driveway and I had him take a look - the pan for the bottom has a gash / / crack in it and that makes it useless and frankly dangerous for a puppy.The gauge of the wires is superior to most , which is why I ordered it . However , due to it arriving damaged I had to beat feet for another one here in town and I 'm not happy about that , not as sturdy.Sort of defeated the purpose of ordering to save some money and time . Yes it irritated me . Now I have to haul this thing in to return it .
 Shipped a few days late . Box was absolutely destroyed and a couple bars were bent bad enough it would n't fold right until I bent them back . Tray was also cracked with a 3 inch piece missing .
 This crate came defective , the wiring on the rear of the cage was NOT welded which is very dangerous ! Then the front door latch did not line up correctly to latch . Very disappointing . Do n't be fooled by the great reviews , it 's obvious this product is not of good quality or construction . I am returning this item , a big hassle to repack ! and I 've been waiting for a week now for UPS to show up to get it . I ended up going to the local pet store and spending more $ $ $ , but I now have a crate of MUCH better quality and one that 's much safter for my dog ! You know that old saying , you get what you pay for . It 's sooooo true !
 When we put it together initially , we had to fight the cage a little to get some of the hooks to go where they were supposed to . This cage was great when my puppy was little , but now that he 's grown into it , he can break out really easily because the hooks do n't line up properly . The bars also bend really easily , so now that he 's been pushing on the inside of it , it 's even more difficult to get it set back up once he gets out . I spent a substantial amount of money on this , and now I 'm going to have to go buy a new cage -LRB- that will probably be more expensive -RRB- just because this one could n't hold up to a 35lb puppy . I definitely would n't recommend this .
 This product arrived defective . It is supposed to be a foldable wire crate . Well it is foldable even when set up . it is missing permanent parts that render the front of the crate worthless . The entire panel falls into the crate because it is missing 2 permanent pieces that hold it together.Beyond the disappointment and waste of time , the seller has been totally unresponsive.Next step is formal request to amazon to mitigate the problem.BEWARE OF THIS SELLER . DO NOT TRUST ANYTHING THEY SHIP !!!!!!!!!!!
 The good news
 Rusted1 ater less than 2 months very unhappy ! Worst ever bout 2 the other is fine it 's only this one
 The quality of this product seems very hgh for the price . If quality were the only issue I would rate this five stars . However , the item description is very misleading . I was quided to buy a size large crate for my border collie . The size large would be generous for a much bigger dog such as a golden retreiver . This is also described as being portable ; as a travel crate . Well if you intend to use the size large as a travel crate you had better be a weight training fitness enthusiatist because this weighs a ton . My delivery man usually leaves my packages at the top of the entry stairs by the front door . He left this at the bottom of the stairs ; I assume because it was so heavy for him . So I was left with my bad back to carry it up the stairs all by myself . Also , because of the weight I essentially had to rip the box to shreds to extract the crate , which comes all in one piece , from the box . So there 's no returning it now . In short , there is no way this is portable & if you 're buying for a 35 to 40 pound dog do not buy the size large .
 Our 16month old boxer destroyed this cage in a matter of a few hours . He was waiting by the door for us when we got home . We feel lucky that he did n't harm himself in the process . The wire gammetts used for attachment are weak and the wire cage is bendable .
 These are the worst crates I have ever owned . I bought 6 of these crates for home and travel -LRB- I have shown and owned dogs for 15 + years -RRB- . These crates are flimsy , the tabs ment to hold them together slip - two of these have collapsed with my dogs inside of them . I do love the size of these crates -LRB- more of a square than rectangle -RRB- but now have just zip tied them together to remain stationary . The clips that hold them together when they are folded bend and warp and get caught on everything . I will never stray again from precision .
 Well , this is my second crate -LRB- a replacement -RRB- and I 'm not pleased with the quality -LRB- AT ALL -RRB- . The first crate was bent due to shippng and the new crate door hindges are not tight . The puppy scrathes at the door and the latch comes slidding across making it possible for him to get out when he is home alone . Also the crate has these latches that stick out next to the tray and are very annoying , things always get stuck on them , i.e. shoe laces , cords , tripping hazard ! . They do n't fold up and stay there . These are the latches to hold the crate closed when you are traveling or to fold the crate up and hide it away somewhere . The price was nice . But sometimes , you get what you pay for . I would not buy this product again . Nor would I recommend a friend to buy it either . I only kept it because it is a hassle to take this thing back to the post office to return it .
 Yes I am 100 % positive I assembled it correctly and 100 % positive that I locked him up correctly . I setup a camera so I could see how he gets out . The dog can claw at the bottom lock on the door and after about 2 minutes he can unlatch it . Once the bottom lock is undone he can push himself through -LRB- this is a 40lb dog -RRB- the crack that it creates when only the top latch is done.BY THE WAY - THIS IS A BIG STRANGULATION ISSUE FOR THE DOG . If he can get his head out the crack but not the rest of his body , which happened for about 5-10 seconds while I watched him on the webcam he can choke himself.To solve this problem I put a clamp on the bottom latch so he ca n't undo it . Low and behold got home from work today and he had gotten out again . Looks like he had completely broken the front door so it 's not even lockable anymore.Also , the bottom plastic is apparently easy enough to chew that every time he gets out he 's chewed more and more of it to pieces.Of course the company wants nothing to do with me cause it 's my fault , so they refuse to honor any of this under warranty.HORRIBLE !!!
 Packaging was standard . Opened box and pulled out a dirty bent crate . Looked like it came from the bottom of a heavy pile . So I have to straighten my new dog crate . My hands are now filthy . There is a fine coating of dirt or dust covering every inch of the wire crate and the plastic pan . Alright , so now besides straightening the thing I need to take it outside and wash it too . Guess what words I was mumbling while washing it.I would assume the dog crate factory in China where this was made has very poor quality air with all the fine dust that was on my new crate . The outside of the carton was cleaner!I hope there is no lead in the `` satin '' paint.Plastic pan has strong plastic odor . I have it out in the sun hoping some of the volatile compounds evaporate quickly . I really do n't want to make my two puppies suffer this nasty plastic odor especially considering dogs ' amazing olfactory senses . A steel tray would be more appropriate and last forever . I might just cut a piece of wood to fit the floor of the crate and toss the nauseating pan.The latches for the doors rely on gravity to keep closed . Any smart dog could figure out escape . I guarantee a raccoon could.I might have to rig up an old spring on the latches if my dogs work them open.The quality does n't compare to another old crate I have which has spring loaded clips and latches and a steel pan and no paint.Midwest -LRB- midwest China or what ? -RRB- is sure boastful of their product . Well I 'm here to say cheapskates like you and me get what we pay for!The crate will work out for me but it ai n't all the advertising cracks it up to be . I should n't have to make my own improvements to it right out of the box.On the plus side it shipped pretty quick considering the USPS was handling it !
 Very disappointed with this purchase , so I returned it . Cheap made and arrived defective . Not sure if all Midwest crates are like this . But , I ordered one from Crate Appeal and it 's GREAT ! Do not buy this crate !
 First off , this crate is sturdy enough once I managed to get it set-up . I 'm pretty handy but found this to test the limits of my sanity.The first crate arrived damaged ; it was bent out of shape and the door was extremely difficult to close and latch . Amazon was quick to send out a new crate -LRB- and send UPS to pick up the first -RRB- . The new crate arrived , and I could not believe what I had to do to get this crate unfolded . The two end panels have curved hooks that are used to interlock with the top of the crate when completely unfolded . Well , when lying flat on the bottom of the crate , the hooks on the door panel hook onto the back end panel making it VERY difficult to lift the door panel . I managed to unhook the door panel but could not lift it more than a fraction of an inch . Turns out , the divider was lying hooks up and was caught on the door panel . I could not easily move the divider panel because the other end panel was hooked to the divider !!! What a tangled mess . This could have been avoided by shipping the divider panel in cardboard or hooks down -LRB- with something to protect the plastic pan -RRB- . I 'm going to make sure I use cardboard to keep the hooks from latching onto the panels if I ever need to fold this crate!I really wish I could remember the manufacturer of the dog crate I bought last year . It has the curved hooks on the TOP of the crate , not on the end panels . Nothing catches so it 's super easy to set-up . While the first crate set-up much easier than the second -LRB- the divider was n't caught on either end panel -RRB- , I can not recommend this crate because one should n't have to struggle to unfold a dog crate !
 Typically I think negative complaints on Amazon are from ornery people , but the complaints about this cage seem pretty valid . This is a case of you get what you pay for . A year ago I purchased a crate from Petco and the quality is far superior . The box came looking like a train wreck . I opened the cage and it 's bent out of shape so I have to decide to I bend it so it actually is the shape it should be or take it back . As for sharp edges , they are there . They are not pointy , but they are sharp enough that the could injure a dog if the dog bites the cage or tries rubs his head against the cage the wrong way . The wiring is thin and much thinner than I expected as I just went to Petco a couple days ago to look at sizes . On the positive , it 's pretty easy to setup and collapse , but I 'm not sure if it 's worth keeping and risking the well being of the dog . I also just noticed that the front door does n't even latch . . The latches do n't line up with where they are suppose to slide in unless you forcefully push them down . I 'm a guy . I 'm not a complainer . It does n't take much to make me happy , but this crate just plain stinks . Now I have to decide if I want the inconvenience of sending it back.Lesson learned . . I should have purchased the crate at Petco . Sure it 's double the price , but at least I know what I 'm getting and I do n't have to worry about the safety of my dog every time I leave the house .
 If this crate were cheaper , then the customer rating would be appropriate , but it 's not much cheaper than others of the same size . It does n't fold up very well , the door is bent -LRB- and I ca n't seem to get it straight -RRB- so i have to force the locks , and the hinge that 's supposed to hold the pan in place drops down sometimes . After it fell one time , my dog was able to move the pan over a few inches , then scratch to bits a 6 '' by 2 ' area of my hardwood floor.It works well enough , but it is not worth $ 92 . go spend a few more dollars and get one that wo n't have issues .
 This.was not as.big as I thought it would be . It was advertised as an XL . My 4 month old puppy does n't fit in it barely now . Not pleased .
 I bought the 48 `` L x 30 `` W x 33 `` H for our bullmastiff/lab mix . She does n't particularly care to be crated but it 's needed to keep her out of trouble while we are out running errands . First time we left her in it she was able to bring the walls down and escape . We put it back together and started using cable ties on all the corners . Solved the escaping problem for about 2 weeks but then she bent the bars around the door up so much she 's able to jiggle the door until it opens . I come home to a free dog with a slipper in her mouth . For a determined dog with any strength this is worthless and flimsy ! I suppose it would be just fine for a smaller breed or a puppy .
 Midwest lists this as the better model than their iCrate . Hmmmm !! The box says `` Value '' model . I 'd hate to see the other one LOL.I do n't know if it happens from shipping to the US -LRB- yep , China made -RRB- or the UPS handling -- or both . NOT one of the doors or frames were straight . Add to that the fact that you should be able to `` pull up one door , '' then the other to lock it in place -- not so . They are locked together by the hooks that hold them up -LRB- when you get that far . -RRB- Once the sides are vertical you get to see all the bent outter frame pieces . Get the mallet out !! The front door piece does NOT lock well to the frame . The U-shaped pieces that keep it together once assembled are tough the latch into . One would think that would lock everything in well . NOPE ! All those wavy frame pieces , even when straightened , do not really form a positive lock.I read other reviews about pan noise . The instructions tell you to keep the box so you can cut out a large piece to put between the pan and the frame > What ?? How long will that last ? Does n't make it a real travel item.I have a feeling that putting this up and down to travel with it will cause a lot of problems eventually.My biggest fear now is putting a 50-lb Australian Cattle Dog in here and hope he does n't get out . Another reviewers idea of zip-ties scares me ; he 'll chew right threw that .
 I would n't recommend this cage for any dogs with reasonable strength . So far my black lab has broken out twice . The first time she managed to make the front part unlatch and fall in so to fix that I ziptied it all along the sides and top . Today I came home to find that she literally broke the main latch off the door , it snapped at the welds . So now I 'm in the process of adhering that back on but overall I 'm severely disappointed with this cage . She 's been able to bend several of the bars in different locations so it 's obviously not made out of the best materials but for the price I expected better .
 My cats both love mouse toys especially those cheap catnip rattling ones you see at the grocery store . That being said , they showed little interest in these until the rest of their mice disappeared under the furniture . Then they played with these for maybe a day and I woke up to stuffing all over the house and the tails apparently were swallowed because they turned up in the litter box . These are not safe for kitties that play rough ! I was very disappointed .
 Not sure if this is kosher , but the dealer might be interested.This pan looks to be exactly what I want , so I just put 3 in my cart . But when I saw that shipping was nearly as much as the total for the pans , I canceled . $ 15 for shipping ? Although the pans would require a pretty large box , they 're light weight and can be stacked one inside another . No way the postage would cost anything like the shipping charge , so it 's mostly `` handling . '' Expensive handling if you ask me .
 My husband installed this gate on our deck 3 weeks ago , and it took well over an hour . We had to buy the extension piece , but the stair 's opening is too wide , and we can not use the latch to close it which defeats the purpose of the gate . Lastly , parts of the hinge are already rusting . I would NOT recommend this gate .
 The gate has the rounded corner at the bottom towards the floor and the flat edge at the top ... this results in four exposed ends with plastic caps which may result in water eventually entering . The latch assembly is horrible and anyone not familiar with it wo n't know how to enter ... maybe good for burglars ! The stainless steel parts did n't arrive with the gate so I will have to disassemble it later . My solution was to turn the gate upside down and have the rounded end on top , which I think looks much better anyway . The materials are good , but with the expandability feature of the gate there is a lot of potential standing water on the gate and a weakening of the structure . All in all I would rather have a single size gate with a latch that is well designed . I would not suggest purchasing this gate for any medium or large dog that wants to jump on the gate .
 Wish I could say zero stars because I have zero merchandise ! I ordered two of these gates for our outdoor deck since we have a 2 year old and a dog . One opening needed the extension piece which is sold separately . Also they strongly suggest buying the extra hardware since it is outdoor friendly and weather resistant . So I IMMEDIATELY get confirmations that the 2 orders of hardware and extension gate were shipped . That same day I receive a cancellation email for the 2 gates saying the following
 We got this gate for our deck to keep our dogs and children contained during outside time . We paid extra to have the gate ASAP , we get it and `` install '' it , the first time we go to close it the eye hook snaps . We 're are very unhappy , that is a lot of money to pay to have sometihng break before you even get to use it .
 Kitty drove me crazy trying to get to the cat nip inside the container , but once I put some out for her , she seemed to have no interest in it . Even the other four cats just took a simple sniff and left it .
 I bought catnip bubbles for my cats once before and my cats really liked them . I was excited when I received the Cosmic Cat Catnip Bubbles , but that quickly changed . I thought it was me , but I could not blow more than one small bubble or one large bubble which immediately popped . I thought I was out of practice and continued to try until I finally gave up . The cats certainly were not impressed . Then I received another bottle of catnip bubbles which I had ordered at the same time , only they were a different brand . Much to my delight , I was able to blow lots of bubbles over and over . So it was n't me , it was the Cosmic bubble formula . I will not be buying Cosmic 's brand again .
 My kitty does n't like many toys , but she LOVES catnip and she loves bubbles ; so I was excited to find these Cosmic Catnip Bubbles & could n't wait to get them home . But like another reviewer , I could only blow one or two bubbles at a time , and only got bubbles about 10-15 % of the times I tried , which left me with one very vocal , frustrated kitty ! I got lots of drops on my carpet , and lots of liquid running down my fingers , but no bubbles . I 'm SO disappointed , especially because Cosmic Catnip anything is usually Grade A stuff . I do notice that the product I received looks nothing like the one pictured on the Amazon page ; the bottle and label are completely different , and the liquid is clear , not blue . Makes me wonder if Cosmic has changed its formulation or its manufacturer ... . Whatever the reason , this product is a complete bust . Do n't waste your money .
 Our two cats love almost every cat toy . They 'll chase crinkly paper balls , catnip mice , laser pointer , and sticks with feathers . But they could n't care less about these bubbles . We tried several times to attract their attention , but no luck.I had high hopes for these bubbles , it would have been lots of fun .
 No bubbles . Utter failure . Complete crap . Sad kitty . Kitty wanted bubbles . Did bubbles happen ? No . No bubbles . No bubbles at all .
 Dont even think this product is indestructible ! I have an 80 pound lab/weimaraner mix , and she tore the Huck in half within a total of 2 hours of playing . It remains to be seen if they 'll replace it with another , but it wont do any good because `` Annie '' will tear that up to . Save your money and give your dogs a milk jug
 My cat is a very picky girl and has pretty much refused to eat any dry food . In concern of her all wet food diet I bought these to try to help her teeth . They were like rubber , not crunchy at all , my cat tried playing with it first not realizing it was a treat , when I finally convinced her it was food to try it , she bit down on it several times not being able to break what I would call the `` skin '' on it and finally gave up and left the soggy mess for me to clean up . They do n't seem to have any appeal to cats , they 're just rubbery discolored bits that look more like droppings that treats .
 The gate extender is dangerous and if a child pushes or pulls on it , it seperates from the `` stairway special '' model RSS-30 that it is designed to lengthen . The nuts pull out of the frame of the stairway special causing failure . The design is that the extension has holes that the bolts are placed through and they are anchored into the nuts within the frame of the main gate -LRB- stairway special -RRB- . A child could die pushing on the gate . See image I posted on Amazon site of failed gate .
 This worked well but the plastic handles bent after use , first just a little , then so much it was useless . Handles need to be not cheap plastic but wood or quality plastic .
 It does the job but it 's certainly not the best scoop on the market . It 's so poorly made that when you bring both together to pick it up they dont line up . Then the metal is so thin that if you hit the ground the tines will bend .
 It does what it is supposed to but is thin metal , i know within a year some of the tines on the rake side will break off .
 I bought this because my husband was out of town and I do n't have his stomach lolHe can usually pick up dog poop just by putting a baggie around his hand and picking but I cant.This scooper picks up , but because there is a little wall on each stick , it makes it hard to place and pick up without breaking feces apart.I think if it had the walls on one stick , instead of one wall on each stick , it would be perfect ... Unfortunately , I have a hard time using this
 This product lasted me about 2 months before the thin aluminum bent and broke . If you have a large breed dog , go with something better made .
 This item arived unwrapped in a large box and was so bent out of shape I tried to use a hammer to put it back to shape and finally just took it apart . Very poor packageing
 The rakes bent after a couple of uses , then they fell off after a couple more uses , making the product completely useless . Also , I found it to be small . Definitely not a sturdy product . I would invest my money elsewhere .
 I 've used this for 6 months and finally threw it out . My dog poops across the street and I find it 's difficult to get all the poop in one scoop . But the worst part is the scooper and rake did n't line up very well so it was hard to keep the poop from falling out as I walked the poop to our trashcan . Perhaps ours was faulty .
 The handle , fulcrum , and scoop body are all fine . However , the teeth bend very easily , leaving a gap between the scoops , which makes picking up poop a challenge . Yes , you can bend them back into place , but not the most appealing thing to do when they are covered in dog poo .
 It 's very rickety and hard to maneuver . The tongs bend easily . We ended up separating the arms and using them as a shovel set . We will be finding a new scooper soon .
 I purchased this product because I had a cheaper rake and shovel , but the pieces were cheap and fell apart . I bought this item , but I did not realize that the rake and shovel were not separate pieces . I found it difficult to use and the dogs waste did not stay on the shovel .
 This seemed like a good buy . I have 2 medium sized dogs . However , it is flimsy and bends frequently . I obviously ca n't return it for a better product , and the seller had great shipping time , but unfortunately I would spend the extra money in the future and go for a different , sturdier model .
 I got this scooper . Have 3 goldens and doing it by hand with a bag in our yard can become back breaking . I purchased this a month ago . It worked Wonderful for the first month . Well yesterday I was using it and the handle SNAPPED in two . I would understand had the product been mishandled and left out in rain and such , but nothing . I am past my 30 day return on Amazon . I have contacted the company that makes it and no help there . Told them I would write a bad review on the product and they did n't care .
 The rake and the shovel of this scooper are bolted together in the center making it difficult to use . It is like trying to pick up dog waste with really long tongs - more pinching than scooping . After pick up , it was really difficult to dump the waste into our Doggey Dooley . We removed the bolt and it now works slightly better but the shovel has a high rim on just one side which still makes it difficult to use with a Dooley . Finally , after using this product , I 've decided rakes are n't always a great solution for dog waste , stabbing the waste or , if it has rained , just combing through it instead of scooping . Yuck . Years ago , we had a scoop with a solid shovel , not a rake . I 'll be looking or one of these instead .
 have had the blue handles snap on each one I have purchased . not sure why i bought the second one after the first broke . should have just thrown the money directly into the garbage
 The prongs on the rake bent back in the first use . I have not used it since . I am pretty disappointed .
 We ordered this item after seeing a lot of positive reviews and were VERY disappointed . It is poorly constructed , feels cheap , and the scissor design is not well executed in that the rake and scoop do not line up so it does NOT close - making it impossible to actually pick up the dog mess . We returned it immediately and ordered something a little more expensive and of better quality . I do not recommend this product .
 I did not find this pooper scooper to be of good quality . it is very clumsy to use and would probably only be good if you did n't need to use it very often . If I had n't used it I would probably have returned it . Do n't buy it
 When this came in the mail I realized that the two pieces are joined together and have very poor function . You ca n't scoop well with it and regretted the purchase . I should have bought the kind I 've used before .
 This is an example of buyer beware ; you get what you pay for -- or less . The metal scoop sides and bottom are flimsy , already bent while in the box ; you have to straighten them so the two sections of the scooper can semi-close . With sides straightened out , the bottom of the scooper did n't meet all the way across for you to grab those doggy remnants without leaving some behind . My dog is only 34 # , and this scooper left more mess to clean up than when the little job began . Even if your pup leaves very dry stool , you 'll have a mess to contend with remaining on the ground , and on the scoop . I 'm ordering the higher priced scooper right now . .
 This scooper would work great if scooping up very firm poops from a hard dry surface . It is terrible with grass - especially if you keep your grass on the longer side . When you scoop , it flexes , grabbing grass and leaving most of the poop behind . The scoops do not line up so you are likely to drop what you picked up . Then if the poop is n't firm , you got ta use a stick to get it off the scoops . Gag me ! I would rather teach my dog to use a litter box than use this scoop ! I just ordered a scooper that looks like a scoop shaped rake - it has better/more reviews than this one .
 picks up poop with lots of effort . It smears and breaks the poo , so you have to take care to really get under it and shake it as you pull up from the grass . Smears all over the grass and our grass dies in those pots . Kids ca n't play there even after pickup b/c so much residue is left . I left it outside and it broke - came unhinged . Poor product .
 The design of this product with regards to its function is fairly good . It picks up the nasty little piles on your lawn with little effort . However , it will break on you . We are on our third now and am in the process of looking for something more durable . I will not buy another .
 Outstanding system , much less effort to exert , but weak plastic . Handle just broke after 2 months of use . Wait for the steel version .
 This product appeared to be a great idea and still is if it were made of a better plastic . I 'm embarrassed to admit that I bought 3 of these and not one latest more then 2 months . The problem is that the plastic used is of very poor quality and tends to be very brittle and snap very easy . I have called and mailed the company to complain , but they never returned my calls or E - Mails . That tells me that they do not care or stand behind there product . I will no longer support them and buy any of there products again . Beware there are other companies out there that make the same cheap product , they are no better . There all made of the same cheap plastic .
 I had purchased several of these scoopers over the years , but the last two items were really bad . They broke within weeks . Maybe they changed the manufacturer or using different materials . For one , the handle broke within a week and the other one lost a spring after 2 weeks . I switched to a different product , which works better and is lasting now for 3 months without problems .
 The third day I used the scooper and the teeth broke off , making retrieving poop a rotten scoop . All that money for this cheaply made failure a ripoff . The plastic used in this dud , was / is a low grade plastic that is very brittle and and weak when exerting closing pressure on the handle.The item is held together with cheaply made plastic washers , I rate this failure as poor , poor , poor .
 This collar is not up to Amazon quality . It is brown , not red , and made of very cheap stiff leather . Boo . Does n't look like the picture at all .
 I 've used this product for my dog for over a year since taking other pain meds upset her stomach which is already not that good.I ca n't see that it helps her in anyway . I just kept giving them to her thinking well maybe it is working but I 'm giving up on them .
 Outstanding system , much less effort to exert , but weak plastic . Handle just broke after 2 months of use . Wait for the steel version .
 This product appeared to be a great idea and still is if it were made of a better plastic . I 'm embarrassed to admit that I bought 3 of these and not one latest more then 2 months . The problem is that the plastic used is of very poor quality and tends to be very brittle and snap very easy . I have called and mailed the company to complain , but they never returned my calls or E - Mails . That tells me that they do not care or stand behind there product . I will no longer support them and buy any of there products again . Beware there are other companies out there that make the same cheap product , they are no better . There all made of the same cheap plastic .
 Outstanding system , much less effort to exert , but weak plastic . Handle just broke after 2 months of use . Wait for the steel version .
 I bought this pet carrier for my new Boston Terrier puppy - probably 5-6 pounds right now . The `` Small '' size Argo carrier is still much too big for him . However , even if it were the right size , the quality does n't match the price of this carrier . It looks great , but 1 -RRB- The holes you load the dog through on the sides are VERY small , even for my little dog - I could barely get him into the thing ; 2 -RRB- The inside is lightly padded on the bottom , but is covered only with hard plastic - other carriers have nice furry insides ; 3 -RRB- It does n't have any pockets to hold your personal items -LRB- wallet , cell phone -RRB- , or the dog 's items -LRB- clean-up bags , treats , etc. -RRB- . The peep hole is nice , but there 's no way to cover it up -LRB- in case the dog gets over-excited in public , you want to make a quick run into the grocery without anyone noticing him , etc. -RRB- In summary , the bag looks very cute , but is not very functional . I returned it immediately .
 I had one of these scoopes for 8 years and it was fine , I got a new pup so I thought I would buy a new scoop , supposedly the same king . NO NO NO , this scoop breaks in the same place everytime , the plastic is weak . I have purchased three of them in one year ! Poor product .
 Outstanding system , much less effort to exert , but weak plastic . Handle just broke after 2 months of use . Wait for the steel version .
 I started with a cheaper version then went through 2 of these thinking the extra cost meant better quality . None of them lasted longer than a year.Like other reviewers the cheap plastic squeeze handles break . Once in the center & the side another time . I 've also had a spring go bad , the plastic washer on the jaws break & the plastic cross member to guide the cheap moving parts fall off.It works great when it 's not broken but it 's too expensive to be a throwaway item .
 Outstanding system , much less effort to exert , but weak plastic . Handle just broke after 2 months of use . Wait for the steel version .
 The Allen Scooper works great until it breaks , which is frequently . It 's made very cheaply with flimsy plastic parts that just wo n't hold up , even without abusing the device . It 's too bad , because right up until some part snaps in two , the scooper makes scooping droppings almost fun . It 's quite easy to use . They just need to make either some design improvements or notch up the quality of the parts .
 The product picks up the poop and empties very well -LRB- have a large dog -RRB- but the plastic pull up handle always breaks between 3-6 months . If the product would last longer it would be a great value for the $ $ $ $ . Seems to me for very little money the product could vastly improve it 's longevity . This seems to be a wide spread problem , at some point nobody will be left willing to pay $ 12 - $ 15 for a product with such a short useful life . Good function , lousy longevity .
 I 've also had two of these . One lasted 9 months and the other 2 months . The plastic broke in two different spots . Great design , just needs better quality control and better plastic . I would not buy again considering the other reviews with the same problem . Manufacturer needs to realize they have a problem . Actually I guess it is the consumer who gets the problem .
 Do not buy this , I have bought two of them and they both broke within a year and the company will not stand behind them . The little plastic `` arms '' that open the scoop are too weak .
 Do not buy this , I have bought two of them and they both broke within a year and the company will not stand behind them . The little plastic `` arms '' that open the scoop are too weak .
 Went to an over-crowded pound and was adopted by a cute little lab . So of course I had to buy one of these . It is wonderful , you get used to just squeezing the handle and it opens up , surround the ` present ' and let go of the handle , the ` present ' is surrounded for correct disposal.Then one side , plastic I find out , breaks . No longer will the jaws open . Not much point to this thing unless the jaws open . Meanwhile , the puppy is now a dog . The ` presents ' are a lot bigger . And , I was spoiled by the ease of cleanup when this thing worked.I 'm sure somebody makes this in a more sturdy model . Wiser now , I will look out for anything plastic and avoid it . Good idea . Just not really well done.I 'm still looking .
 Wonderful until it breaks . I 've had 3 break in 2 years - On 1 - handle broke , On 2 of them the part that open & closes broke , on 2 of them springs broke .
 Fell apart the minute it was removed from the box . Never even got to use it on yard waste!The plastic sides of the jaw disconnect when handle is pushed upward with minimal pressure on the jaw making scooper impossible to use . This product should be removed from the market-noticed other complaints of this nature . -LRB- Recommend Natures Miracle Jaw Scoop instead -RRB-
 I bought this for my house cat so that she can enjoy the outdoors in safety . While the kittywalk is a good idea in theory it just did n't work for us . My cat is rather large and strong . She walked into the kitty walk and proceded to figure out a way to escape . She ripped through it and ran off into our backyard in a matter of minutes . I got her back safe and sound , but how she managed to widen the mesh enough to get out I 'll never know . Maybe someone else will have better luck .
 I had this product plus the penthouse connected to it . I live in Wisconsin , and I disassembled it and stored it during the winter . Beyond that , it was outside on my deck . My cats adored it . -LRB- Be warned ; it 's not easy to get them out if they do n't want to come out ! You practically have to crawl in after them - and you do n't want to do that and risk stretching/ripping the netting ! -RRB- Unfortunately , the second spring/summer we had it , the netting started to break apart where it stretches over the rounded wire supports on top . I tried to use some of the extra shoelace-like strings -LRB- for tying on the hammocks/canopies -RRB- to try to repair the rips , but those just broke in my hands - clearly due to being outside in hot summers.By the end of that second summer , I had to throw the whole thing away , because the net was simply not repairable . A LOT of money to spend on two summers of spoiling my cats ... . I was enormously disappointed , primarily because of the expense , but also because the cats and I really liked it while it lasted . I would n't have minded so much if it had cost less than $ 100 - but to spend as much as I did -LRB- about $ 250 for the long enclosure plus penthouse -RRB- , it was NOT a good value.I 'm guessing the reviewer who said it held up well after six months of Canadian winter discovered by the next winter that it was falling apart at the seams - literally .
 I have two 2-year-old cats and wanted them to be able to go outside safely . They got used to the kittywalk immediately in the house and started rough-housing in it , on it , over it !!! They got their claws stuck in the netting , but mind you my cats are quite active . I could tell that if they saw a chipmunk when outside , the kittywalk would be topsy-turvy ! I had to return it . I do think for a sedate cat who just likes to `` hang '' it would be very nice .
 I only used this a few times and this morning as it was sitting in my dining room and my cat was going in and out of it , it suddenly collapsed . At first I thought the rod had just come out but in looking at it closer , the end pieces on both sides had busted off . I kept it right by my sliding patio door so when the weather was nice I 'd slide it outside for my kitty , and then bring it back in . I live in a townhouse , so I did n't want to leave it outside when he was n't using it , but I also did n't want to take the rods out and fold it up all the time either . I was surprised at how much my cat enjoyed sitting outside in it , so I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do now , but I 'm much disappointed it did not hold up better .
 THIS RETRACTABLE LEASH WAS TOO HEAVY AND TOO BIG FOR ME . I HAVE A VERY STRONG 86 POUND GOLDEN RETREIVER SO I THOUGHT I NEEDED A SUBSTANTTIAL LEASH . THIS LEASH DID NOT GIVE ME MUCH CONTROL BECAUSE I ' T WAS TOO CUMBERSOME FOR ME . I SENT IT BACK - I GOT THE FLEXI 3 LEASH INSTEAD . IT SEEMS TO BE WORKING FINE AND ITS SMALL AND LIGHT . IF YOU DO N'T MIND A BIG HEAVY CUMBERSOME LEASH THEN IT WOULD BE GOOD FOR YOU . IF YOU WANT A LIGHT LEASH THEN I 'D STICK WITH THE FLEXI 3 .
 I was happy with the service provided by the company . However , my dog broke the leash in one month . Product is overpriced .
 Took too lo g to arrive , ended up getting it in a store 50 miles away , but it did n't work , fish died anyway , not even got better even a little bit .
 This item cost 8.95 to buy , plus we paid about $ 10 shipping to Hawaii . The quality of the item is poor , it is full of snags and frays after just a few months of use . Also , most items do not cost this exhorbitant amount to ship , even to Hawaii .
 the description stated the litter pans were large , but are not large . the only uses would be for kittens . i 'm very disappointed with the product . and not i have to take go the extra to return these items . so very disappointed . will never order this type of product online again .
 I expected the litter box to have a rim the same siaze all the way around as shown ion the picture . When we opened the box we found that the rim is shorter on the end . My cat has too much energy that 's why I need a rim . I do n't worry about him being able to get in , I just want to keep the litter in ! I was very surprised to see the product as not as pictured . I would not have bought it had I known . Usually Amazon does better than this .
 Forget this one . Unlike the Panic Mouse , -LRB- TONS more fun -RRB- , this one just goes round and round in a circle - and it 's hard to adjust the speed . Sounded like a great time , but seriously , the cats were bored in a minute . A real yawn .
 My cats did not use this toy . I do n't quite understand the theory behind it , and my cats apparently do n't understand it either . The arm rotates around slowly and the balls just kind of roll around inside their `` cheese holes '' . The balls do n't pop up high enough for the cats to attempt to `` catch '' them . I found it a big waste of money and I wish I had sent it back for a refund . Instead it eventually found its way to the recycling bin . My cats enjoyed the Undercover Mouse much better .
 I am a big fan of this manufacturer 's Undercover Mouse Panic Mouse Undercover Mouse -LRB- please see my review of that product as well -RRB- , which led me to try this toy as well , but it was a huge disappointment . The `` variable speed '' controller did n't work well -LRB- I even ordered a replacement toy to see if perhaps the first one was defective -RRB- ; designed to work as a sort of `` dimmer switch '' to vary the speed of rotation , it only worked in `` high '' speed -LRB- I suspect because the mechanism is not strong enough to drive the wand and the three heavy marble/balls inside -RRB- . Whereas our cats ADORE the Undercover Mouse , they simply yawned , then walked away from , this toy .
 the toy is OK but my cats do n't really like it because the arm hits them in the face every time they go to look in the cheese . And when I take the arm off they are not too interested .
 With more than a few cats , I was surprised and disappointed to find that the cats did not care for this toy . The marbles that roll around inside the top are loud ... which scares the cats . So we took them out and they were not impressed with the rotating feather wand . These were adult cats and not kittens , so , kittens may like the toy better . Panic Mouse is our most successful and played with toy ... it is unbeatable . Thanks !
 I decided to return the item and was very unhappy to have to pay a 15 % restocking fee . I have bought a good many items through Amazon and was suprised about the 15 % restocking fee . That seems excessive ; especically after excessive shipping fees both ways.I think Amazon should get the merchant to refund me the restocking fee.Ken Lowry
 I bought 2 of these to give small pills to a strong adult cat . The two pill guns did n't match , in that the syringe plunger was not as long in one of the guns as it was in the other one . When I tried to use it to eject a small pill , the pill never left the gun when I pressed the plunger all the way -- it just stayed stuck in the gun end . This happened multiple times with both pill guns . I imagine that this would n't be such a problem if you were giving a large pill , but I was giving a round half-tablet that measures 1/4 '' diameter . It did n't work for me .
 This was a complete waste of money . Pill kept falling off of the tip . By the time I actually got the pill to stay on & get it in my dog 's mouth , there was n't any presssure to actually shoot the pill . Definitely would not recommend this pill shooter .
 Having owned 11 cats over the course of 23 years and having had to dispense many medications to older cats , I found that this device is worse than useless . Instead of fighting with the cat to get the pill in , you wind up fighting with the piller . The split rubber tip will hold medication IF you do n't lubricate it with anything and IF the pill is the right size . If you put hairball gel on a pill to help the cat swallow , and you miss once , you 'll spend most of the rest of your attempt putting the slippery pill back inside the rubber tip and then retrieving it to try again as it seems to pop out spontaneously . If you have to give a cat a half-dose and the pill is n't snug in the tip , be prepared -- you will likely get the popper right to the cat 's mouth and the pill will fall out.Ergonomically , this device is a mess . It 's too long to maneuver comfortably if you are trying to hold a squirming cat with your other hand , and getting the plunger pushed in is an exercise in frustration.The only time I will use this is if the cat is an involuntary biter -- chomps down when they feel something in the jaws -- and draws blood.And I 'm considering just doing it with gardening gloves next time for the cat I 'm currently pilling .
 This is my third purchase of an exact pill gun . The one in the picture shows the dark navy blue tip , which is the one that I use . What arrived is the cheap version with a teal tip and it falls apart after few uses . Having a canine child with bone cancer , I require the exact pill gun that I ordered and this was not . The item I purchased from this particular place does not work . Prior to purchase , contact the vendor and ask for specifics . That way , you will get exactly what you require . I did not do this so I had to repurchase the item , pictured , elsewhere .
 I followed the instructions , and about 5 little grass sprouted . I was disappointed . And oh so so so so so sad .
 I have 4 cats but and thought my cats would like it . Only one ate a little . Wo n't bother getting it again .
 Despite my following all the directions , not 1 single blade of wheat grass broke the soil . How do I get my money back , since I have used the product ? Will be more careful next time .
 Got two 1/2 '' high - and as thick as a piece of thread growths . Very disappointed . Like all pet parents I was looking forward to doing something fun for my three cats .
 I think the toy is fine , just a warning to read the dimensions . The small size is appropriate for a cat .
 I bought this for my Cairn terrier for a stocking stuffer for christmas , it just showed up and I am shocked at its size . This toy is smaller then cat toys I have purchased ! I am almost afraid to give it to her in fear or her swallowing it because it is that small . I would have expected this from the extra small size but not the small , but thats what I get for not reading the detail product dimensions . All in all , this toy is worth maybe $ 0.25 at best ! It states that this is for dogs between 10-25 pounds , I would say it is for 10lbs and under and even that is pushing it .
 Maybe it was my own fault for ordering this -- but my 28lb beagle destroyed this toy in about 35 seconds . Itsy bitsy , about the size of the squeaker inside of it . Seemed more like a cat toy to me .
 My dog loves squeeky toys . When I saw that Kong made a squeeky product , I decided to give it a try . This is a small dachshund , mind you , not a huge dog , or even medium . Within three minutes -LRB- we timed her -RRB- she had broken the squeeky inside . I replaced it and again , and this time she was able to get into the plushie and destroy the squeeky . Now , she has a husk of a toy . If your dog is a hard chewer , this is not the toy for it . I just wish the description would have stated this .
 I know they listed that it was small , but this is ridiculously small.It 's more like a small toy for cats . They really should put somethingnext to it to show the true size .
 Way too small for any dog that is bigger than the average cat . I gave it away to someone else since it was n't worth shipping back .
 I would not have been so upset if this had not been listed as a toy for aggressive chewers . We buy a lot of dog toys and this was the worse .
 This was fun for the pooch while it lasted ... maybe 10 minutes . The squeeker only made it 5 . But , my dog sure thought it was fun !
 It was so tiny and it does not look like the photo . It is about the size of a small mouse.Don ' t buy it if you are looking for something for even a medium size dog . It is more like a cat toy .
 Okaye , this toy arrived in a little padded envelope . It was tiny . It does not look like the photo . It is about the size of a mouse , only it 's empty except for the squeaker . I put both squeakers in to make it fill out and squeak more easily ... . it 's tiny ! It is good for a small dog puppy , not a larger breed puppy , unless it wants to play with something the size of a mouse . My dog gets very excited about toys but this was quickly abandonned after a little over 5 minutes . She 's 13 lbs . I 'm not crazy about the velcro and how you can take the squeakers out , that 's something I believe some dogs can easily figure out .
 I bought the Kong stuffed lamb a week ago for my dog after reading positive reviews and claims that it was durable and worth buying . I gave it to my 17 lb corgi-jack Russell mix who had it destroyed within 30 minutes . She pulled the squeaker out of the `` secure '' pouch and it had to be taken away from her . There is no point to the extra squeaker since the toy is destroyed . The toy may have `` less stuffing '' than most but still enough to be pulled all over the room . She tore the limbs and ears off easily . I know my little dog is rough on toys , but this one was no better than the cheap toys at the grocery store . I do not recommend this toy if you have a dog that chews and pulls . I am sadly giving up on soft toys since I have not yet found one to survive a single full day .
 1 . This item is the size of a field mouse2 . My Beagle had it ripped apart in less then 5 minutes .
 I bought this for my baby lab puppy and mercy , he only used it the first week we brought him home . It is super small and he quickly fished out the squeaky on the inside . I ended up giving this to a friend with a cairn terrier puppy - probably a much better fit ! This is smaller than the palm of my hand !!!
 `` WIll not last '' . This has not lasted more than an hour with our dog . Too flimsy . Surprised as a similar product I had brought earlier -LRB- Kong Dr. Noys Material Dog Toy , Squirrel -RRB- lasted a while .
 TINY , looks like a hamster with a beaver tail . My dog seems to like it but definitely not worth $ 5 . . more like $ .50
 Purchased this toy for my small dog . Within 5 min . he had managed to destroy the squeaker . Thinking this might have been a defective squeaker , I replaced it with the extra one that came with the toy . He destroyed that one also in less than 5 min . The squeakers must be very cheaply made . Very disappointing purchase ! Will not purchase another KONG toy with squeaker . Do n't waste your money on this toy .
 I purchased this toy because I was so pleased with the medium frog and medium bear in the same line . This product is 6 '' long from nose to tail -LRB- not 7 '' -RRB- , contains 1 replacement squeaker -LRB- not 4 -RRB- , and does not have the inner fleece pouch listed in the description . The medium sized toys had the inner fleece pouch , which is wonderful . My next step is to try and return this item . I highly recommend the medium sized frog and bear , but do not like the small size at all .
 The description says its 7 '' from end to end , well not by my tape measure , if I really pull on it I can get it to 6 '' . This looks like a beaver not a squirrel and it more of a cat toy . My 11 week old puppy has played with it a bit , but likes his bigger , longer toys . The price of this should be $ 1.00 not $ 4.50 . It reminds me of a brown tiny mouse , UGH !!
 My Australian Shepherd chewed out the squeaker pouch less than two hours after getting this toy . The belly of the dog now has a large hole . I was expecting something much more durable for the price and after reading the other reviews . I would n't recommend buying this if you have a large dog .
 It lasted about five minutes . I 'd say it was a complete waste of money . Oh well , such is life . Peace .
 In the piicture the item looked a lot larger than the item that was delivered . The toy was only 21/2 inches long , hardly worth it .
 Would have been a perfect toy in the largest size . Would not recommend the small one for any dog except perhaps a toy-breed baby . It 's just too small for safe play .
 The info dose not capture how small it is . Purchased for a golded retriever and he will proabably swallow it !!!!!
 i ordered 4 of these for about to be new born puppies and 2 out of the 4 had broken squeakers . . i understand they 're cheap which is fine but should n't sell broken items
 This toy is seriously the size of a field mouse like a previous poster said . Not worth 1.00 ... Very disappointed . I should have assumed the price was too good . We will see what my dogs do with it at Christmas .
 My 22 pound dog had the stuffing out of the head after an hour of play . Not for chewers as advertised .
 I have an English Cocker Spaniel that just loves to chew . She especially loves stuffed toys , BUT she has become an expert at destruction . I thought this toy would last at least a day or two . She got the leg off in about 30min and is working away on pulling the velcro off . All in all if you have a super chewer , forget this toy . More money down the drain ! Back to the NylaBone ... which she really does n't like , but will sometimes gnaw on if nothing else is available .
 My 35 lb . springer spaniel mix is a brutally aggressive chewer . She slaughtered this lamb in ten minutes or so . I bought this toy based on the strong reviews as a last attempt to see if a soft toy could stand up to my dog . This toy faired no better than any other stuffed toys I have purchased .
 My dog really liked this toy . However within 24 hours it had a hole in it and the tongue ripped off . My dog is fairly small and was more interested in playing catch than chewing it . I had high hopes since it comes with a replacement squeaker , I thought it would last a while . Other stuffed toys have lasted a lot longer .
 If I would give this to a dog it would have to be a Tea Cup dog ... even then I 'd be very cautious !
 The salmon and potatoes was not what I ordered . My dog was using salmon and rice from Simple and I went to Amazon , to my last order and reorder the product . What I received was the Salmon and potatoes . Since I was out of his food I did give him the new product and now he his having allergy problems again . I am dissapointed and will need to find a new food for him . He loves the taste but I would have though I would be notified that this was not the product on my products page .
 Obviously , any dog 's reaction to various foods are dependent on their own allergies . I switched from Wellness Simple Salmon because of the fishy smell of the food and my pit/lab 's fishy breath . If it was n't for the fishy breath , I would have kept him on it . I was actually very pleased with the results of that food . I decided to switch to the duck flavor hoping that his breath would improve . His breath for sure has improved and has been normal for a dog , but he has had diarrhea and loose stool on it since we put him on it for the past 4 weeks . He has also been biting his paws and itching more than he had been on the salmon flavor . We have had to mix 1/2 a cup of the duck flavor with boiled chicken , rice , and sweet potato in order for his stools to return to normal . But at any time we feed him just this dog food , he will have extremely watery diarrhea . Quite disappointed with this and would definitely recommend purchasing a small bag first to see if your dog can tolerate it.Not quite sure what we 're gon na do next . We might have to put our hyper allergic pit/lab mix on a homemade diet because that seems like the only thing that works for him .
 I CANT REVIEW THIS FOOD ... BECAUSE THE KIBBLE SIZE IS H U G EUNLESS YOU HAVE A GIGANTIC DOG ... I DO NOT THINK YOUR SM-MED DOG WILL WANT TO CHEW THESE ! IM SO UPSET BECAUSE THEY LOVE THE CAN OF THIS WANTED TO MIX THE SAME AS CAN WITH THE DRY !
 Lamb and rice formula was awesome , used it for years without any doggy digestive problems . The photo and description on Amazon are wrong now though . Amazon is currently shipping out the new OATMEAL and Lamb formula which my dog can not eat because of digestive issues with oatmeal .
 I had researched for the best product to use on areas inside and outside to keep my now 5 month old Golden Retriever from chewing on everything and bought this product . Either my dog is one of those who this does n't affect or the product does n't work . It made him more aggressive on the items I sprayed . I would be reluctant to recommend and should I tried a sample first instead of buying a gallon .
 the unit arrived broken , I am seeking a credit from the vendor , I have asked for credit , but have yet to get confirmation from the vendor
 I received 2 K&H Lectro Kennel 2 days ago and put them through some testing . The product heated in different areas correctly not as one temp setting on all areas and in other areas NOT SO MUCH , meaning both did not warm to specifications . I also put weight on both as a test to see if it heated to 103 degrees as the product states , and it does not . I am very disappointed , and have 5 puppies due in a few days . I will have to keep a CLOSE eye on these products and I will not endorse them to anyone .
 Bad mistake . Trying to save a buck , I departed from the tried and tested and ordered two of these K&H ; Lectro Kennels in August and September 2009 for two indoor cats who enjoy basement life during the winter months . The large lasted only 6 months . The fleece cover has been washed several times but is still like new . It has not been dropped , abused or damaged in any way . `` You get what you pay for . `` Lectro Kennels are very poor quality . From the flimsy feel , there does not appear to be any insulation inside the unit at all as is found with better quality brands . They are cheaply made in CHINA.I have two of the red , KANE Pet Heating Mats from Cabela 's that are 8 and 11 years old and are used outdoors in sheds and barns for cats . Made in USA . Both still work like new , although the coiled wire protecting the cord has rusted a bit . They are more expensive by about 50 % , but are very well constructed , rigid and durable and the rheostat is included . I just ordered another . They are also available from Amazon.Com . Under SPORTS & OUTDOORS , search HUNTING
 I have used these for years ... and never had a problem ... until just recently ... the last one I purchased is heating to 120 degrees instead of 102 ... it is like new but will have to be thrown away ... I turned it over after I felt it was to hot and saw the problem ... they use to be made in the USA ... now it says Made in China . . I will have to find another solution ... be careful of them . They can not be opened to repair .
 Have 3 dogs , live in COLD winter areas -LRB- often below zero at night -RRB- . Bought 4 of the Lectro-Kennel pads last year -LRB- 1 quit in the first six months -RRB- Only 1 still works . They just quit . Would not recommend . For the price they should last more than 1 winter
 I bought this for my chihuahua to give him a warm place to lay in the winter . Once a pillow got pushed on top of it in his kennel and it overheated , causing the house to fill with fumes of melting plastic . I was awoken to his cries from the kennel . There is no thermostat so it just puts out the same heat no matter how insulated it gets , creating a dangerous condition . Mine is now melted and sitting in the trash can . Waste of money and natural resources .
 I purchased this item in good faith.My dog tore it up the first night that it was used.Needless to say we had to bring himm inside , so I really do n't knowif it works good.It is supposed to be strong .
 Look at what can happen before you install . I think voting with your dollars does make a difference , and if you read the reviews you will find a manufacture that makes quality .
 does n't work as advertised ... thought this would be great for our kennels , but it produces little heat . i will try to figure out something to use it with and get some good out of it .
 I purchased this mat for my dog in January 2010 . It was only used for a few months the first winter , inside our house . It was stored in basement during the summer . About a week ago I retrieved it and plugged it in so our dog would have a warmer place to sleep off the floor.This morning , November 21 , 2011 , I awoke to the smell of molten plastic . I went searching for the source of the smell , which was this warming mat . When we picked it up and turned it over , the bottom was deformed and partially melting , most likely from an internal short.The mat is in the trashcan now . I have a cat mat by the same manufacturer , but I 'm worried about using that now because I do n't want to risk starting a fire in the house .
 Although the lectro kennel is a great idea -LRB- a heating unit that is made of hard plastic with a well protected cord -RRB- mine only lasted a year of light use . I took very good care of it and my dog is a small , non-destructive mini poodle . I had exactly the same problem with a a flat panel heating unit I purchased for a bird cage . Although they were of different brands , I believe that they are probably from the same manufacturer and are therefore both of poor quality .
 My girlfriend and I bought many of these K&H ; large heated beds -LRB- not the soft type , we got the black hard shelled version you see on this page -RRB- for our cats . We used them in the winter , put them under fleece beds for the cats to sleep on and stay warm . Well almost EVERY black version of this bed has FAILED , either stopped generating heat , or started to generate WAY TOO MUCH heat , making them a fire hazard -LRB- and very uncomfortable for our cats -RRB- . They are supposed to heat to 100 degrees and no more -LRB- right around a cats body temp -RRB- , but several of them wacked out and became VERY hot to the touch , and could no longer be safely used . Several others just quit heating working completely , generating little or no heat , making them worthless . We have thrown away ALL the large K&H ; black hard-shelled beds , they are worthless junk . DO NOT BUY.On a related note , we still have some older tan versions of this bed , made by K&H ; , which have a digital temperature displayed on the bed in a little red window on one edge of the bed , and they still work fine . K&H ; has gone WAY DOWN in quality on their recent products , DO NOT BUY unless you want to waste your money on failed beds or risk having them overheat . JUNK !
 Update : When I first bought this in May of 2008 -LRB- see original review below -RRB- , we ended up donating it to the local shelter because my dog did n't use it . Now that we have added a second dog , we figured maybe the new dog would like to have it.We liked the quality of the pad the first time , so without hesitation we bought the item again.What a DISAPPOINTMENT !! The quality has gone way down !!! The best feature of the pad -LRB- the wrapped cord -RRB- that used to be completely covered by a flat wire -LRB- like a ribbon -RRB- , now has a wire that looks like one of those spiral notebook wires , very flimsy - NOT CHEW PROOF ANYMORE ! Also , the heat setting is way higher , so it can get quite hot - I 'm not sure if that is safe . I 'm lowering my rating from 4 to 1.5 stars , had no idea how much the product changed ! It still works , but between the changes in the cord and heat , I 'm not sure if it is safe . -- Original review from 2008The best thing about this heater is that it is well made , good craftsmanship . It is made of stiff plastic , and it has a wire that protects the cord against being chewed . My dog lives indoors , but seemed to always be cold during the winter , so I bought this heater to put under his dog bed to warm it up.It did n't work that way , the heat was too low to warm up through the foam of the dog bed . To give you an idea of the temperature , it was similar to the lowest setting of a car seat-warmer . It was nice , but for some reason my dog just would n't lay on it , so I ended up donating it to the local animal shelter.PROS
 CAUTION -- The K & H Lectro Kennel Heating pad was used by my veterinarian to keep my dog warm during a dental procedure while she was anesthetized . The K & H heating pad malfunctioned and kept getting hotter and hotter causing my sweet beautiful 10 pound dog to get very seriously burned -- 2nd and 3rd degree burns on both sides of her body . She went through a very difficult and long recovery process that is still healing.I wanted to find out how this happened and called K & H customer service directly . They asked me to have the veterinarian send back the heating pad promising they would test it . They then informed me that the shipping depatment `` mistakenly '' threw out the pad without ever testing it . They blamed the veterinarian for not using the product properly . Please make sure the product is used correctly . The temp control should not be optional . The manufacturer K & H Pet product 's customer service was insensitive , self protective , evasive , duplicitious and dishonest . NOT ACCEPTABLE . IT DESERVES NO STARS .
 Have 3 dogs , live in COLD winter areas -LRB- often below zero at night -RRB- . Bought 4 of the Lectro-Kennel pads last year -LRB- 1 quit in the first six months -RRB- Only 1 still works . They just quit . Would not recommend . For the price they should last more than 1 winter
 The unit worked only two nights and then stopped . Also the pad is a hard plastic case with a thin fleece covering . It ca n't be very comfortable , especially for older dogs .
 Bad mistake . Trying to save a buck , I departed from the tried and tested and ordered two of these K&H ; Lectro Kennels in August and September 2009 for two indoor cats who enjoy basement life during the winter months . The large lasted only 6 months . The fleece cover has been washed several times but is still like new . It has not been dropped , abused or damaged in any way . `` You get what you pay for . `` Lectro Kennels are very poor quality . From the flimsy feel , there does not appear to be any insulation inside the unit at all as is found with better quality brands . They are cheaply made in China.I have two of the red , KANE Pet Heating Mats , made in USA , from Cabela 's that are 8 and 11 years old and are used outdoors in sheds and barns for cats . Both still work like new , although the coiled wire protecting the cord has rusted a bit . They are more expensive by about 50 % , but are very well constructed , rigid and durable and the rheostat is included . I just ordered another . They are also available from Amazon.Com . Under SPORTS & OUTDOORS , search HUNTING
 We have two dogs and when it 's cold outside they do not want to use the lectro mats at all . They look at it if something is making noise and prefer to sleep on the cold ground instead of the mats ... I used some force -LRB- on the dogs -RRB- but it 's not working . . One time one mat was overheating on one spot ...
 Have 3 dogs , live in COLD winter areas -LRB- often below zero at night -RRB- . Bought 4 of the Lectro-Kennel pads last year -LRB- 1 quit in the first six months -RRB- Only 1 still works . They just quit . Would not recommend . For the price they should last more than 1 winter
 Purchased June 6th . Realized today Jan 2nd the cats have n't been using it for days ... I picked it up and it 's searing hot and smells like melting plastic . It definitely would have injured them if trapped in a kennel with this thing when it failed . They loved it when it worked properly but has failed in about 6 months . I 've had a different model 3093 , which appears the same only smaller , for about 16 months and it seems to still be working perfectly .
 The quality of this product has been steadly going down hill.I have purchased three -LRB- 3 -RRB- of these over the past several years.The first lasted about five -LRB- 5 -RRB- years and was made well.The second one lasted about a year.I 've just purchased the last one and now it 's waite and see ... If this one goes , I 'll purchase a more expensive one that has reviewedbetter and should last longer .
 Only worked for one month . It just stopped working without apparent cause . This heating pad is a waste of money .
 BOUGHT ONE OF THESE LARGE ELECTRIC PADS FOR OUR OUTSIDE DOG TO STAY WARM IN HIS KENNEL . AFTER I PLUGGED IT IN I THOUGHT THE DOG WOULD BE NICE AND COZY FOR THE 3 TO 4 COLD MONTHS . I FIGURED OUT WHY HE PAWED THE DOOR TO COME IN WHEN IT WAS FREEZING ... AT THE BEGINNING OF SPRING I CLEANED OUT THE KENNEL ... WHOAAA !!!!!!!!!!! ... THE PAD HAD MELTED AND BURNED INTO THE KENNEL FLOOR . COULD HAVE BURNED UP THE DECK CORNER WHERE THE KENNEL IT BUT LUCKILY IT DID N'T . I THREW THE PAD AWAY BUT SHOULD HAVE TAKEN PHOTOS AND POSTED THEM TO SHOW WHAT KIND OF PRODUCT IS BEING PUT OUT THAT IS DANGEROUS TO PETS AND/OR HOMES TOO !!!
 My dog likes comfort and takes a cold pillow over a hard heated slab . It may be nice for smaller dogs but a great dane likes cushions with his heart .
 I purchased 3 of these for my barn cats -LRB- 2 small and 1 medium -RRB- . They worked for one year . Now they overheat and are curling up at the ends , rendering them dangerous and useless . I am thankful we checked them soon after plugging them in this year or the barn would have burned down . So disappointed , now need to find a replacement and am annoyed that I wasted money .
 Warning
 I purchased this last year for a boxer puppy we were housebreaking . I kept the kennel in the garage so she was n't exposed to direct wind , but boxers have no cold tolerance so she just needed something to keep warm . She was rarely ever in it since someone is almost always home , but it only took her about 5 or 6 times in the kennel to chew the wire to the point where it does n't work -LRB- and remember , she 's a puppy -RRB- . The coil is very loosly wound around the cord and there is nothing keeping it tight against the end where the wire goes in to the pad . It took her nothing to move the coil enough to get the wire . I am just glad she did n't shock herself . I was going to return it for a refund , but my husband threw the box away so it just became more of a hassle than anything . I wish someone would make a dog kennel with a heated bottom . Would have solved all my problems . Would n't spend the money unless you KNOW FOR SURE your dog wo n't try to chew the wire .
 I have bought 20 or so of these pads for my kennel over the last 3 winters . They work fine for about 3 or 4 months then just quit working . They are on about 10 hours a day , 3 months out of the year . Problem is that it is in the first few months of the second season that they quit heating , right after warranty expires . Just replaced 8 out of 10 that was purchased last year . The manufactured dates on those were 7/2011 and 7/2011 . Very expensive for an item that is so unreliable . Really wish they would work on the quality . Going to try the Kane Poly Pet Dog Heating Mats as these Lectro-Kennel Heat Pads burn out .
 I am disappointed in this product . First it is made of a very stiff -LRB- read nearly inflexible -RRB- material . By itself it is not going to be very cushy or comfortable for a dogs elbows . It is so stiff that I feel you must have some cushion on top of it for a dogs comfort . Unfortunately ans the other person mentioned , the pad does not get very warm and adding a couple of inches of cushion above it makes it about useless.The description included that it is &#34; machine washable . &#34; Not sure how they can state this.If you want a pad that both cushions and warms your dog , I do n't feel you will be happy with this item .
 Have 3 dogs , live in COLD winter areas -LRB- often below zero at night -RRB- . Bought 4 of the Lectro-Kennel pads last year -LRB- 1 quit in the first six months -RRB- Only 1 still works . They just quit . Would not recommend . For the price they should last more than 1 winter
 I bought 6 of these pads for my cattery . They worked fine for about 1/2 of a season , but then 4/6 quit working . Very expensive for an item that lasts only a few months . Unfortunately , there are no other similar products out there that might be more reliable , so I , like so many others , will have to buy some more . Without competition , there is no impetus for the company to improve their product .
 After using these for a number of years with great results , I must downgrade my opinion of this product from 5 stars to 2 . Recently I checked on a mat used safely and successfully for the past 3 winters . Under 4 inches of straw , the temperature of the mat almost burned my hand ! -LRB- That explains why the dog had been sleeping outside her cubby in the 20-degree cold . -RRB- It could have ignited the entire wooden shed . A puppy , injured or debilitated dog may not have moved but instead suffered burns . THIS PRODUCT CAN NOT BE TRUSTED . If you must use due to the economy of it , check it constantly .
 Never deal with this horrible outfit . We just watched our best friends endure the most horrible tragedy with the most adorable sweet puppy dog in the world . The dog suffered 3rd degree burns and almost died from these inferior products . Every day the poor dog in agony had to endure vet visits and have the scabs from the open wounds scrapped off to prevent infection and then treated and wrapped with gauze and a gel pack . This agony and torture went on for 8 weeks . NOW the totally cruel and unconscious people at the K and H company including the president and customer service employees are uncaring , self protective , rude and deliberately threw out the heating pad so they could not be sued or held accountable . Such inhumane people !!! These people should be reported . We will report to the CPSC immediately .
 My dollars were GOOD . They didnt come with a `` will self destruct '' clause or a `` limited time only '' clause . They were 100 % real . This company 's warming pad quit working after two winters . For some of you rich folk that may be all you need but tell that to my ten year old beagle who LOVED the warmth . I will not buy from this company again , nor will I if I can help it buy a Chinese product in this ` category '
 Is it asking too much to get more than two winters out of this product ? There is NO reason I can SEE that this pad quit working . I will not buy from K and H again . I will certainly AVOID , or try to avoid buying something either made or assembled in China .
 We purchased the large size for our young lab and used it in an insulated shed for the winter . About halfway through the winter , we noticed circular cracks in several places , which eventually broke off in pieces . This caused it to quit heating , so we took it all apart and found that her weight -LRB- 74 # -RRB- caused the molded plastic support circles that were inside to poke through the plastic cover and ruin the unit . Do n't know what we 'll do next winter , but I 'm not buying another one of these . The large size should accommodate the weight of a large dog and last more than a few months .
 Product says that it is indestructable but that is very untrue . My dog tore this pad up within 2 days . Returned product not good .
 I got two of these for my dog -LRB- one inside , one outside on her chase lounge , covered -RRB- . She 's 75lbs , so I got the large . Both of them broke - the little round `` supports '' broke through the top , revealing metal coils which are obviously dangerous to the dog . Both just stopped working . Unfortunately , both were past warranty , and who could afford return shipping anyway?And the fleece cover is a joke . The `` pads '' are hard plastic , and the fleece is just too thin to make a difference . Plus the fleece cover has flimsy straps that just break off .
 I ordered the Flying Bird Cat Toy . The color combination they sent me was unbelievably hideous
 I have owned these cat feeders for several months , so this review is from a seasoned owner . My two cats , when left to their own devices , will overeat , and put on too much weight . So , I was hoping these pet feeders would provide good portion control without me having to be around all the time.Setup
 ... but this device did not hold up for one day against my 9 year old , 20 lbs soaking wet Sheltie . I came home to discover she had knocked it around quite a bit so that the top part had come off , the food was eaten and the plastic cover over the control panel had been chewed . Perhaps the two stars should be assigned to my food crazed pet , but she 's not exactly a junk yard dog.Programming the device was also very challenging and I 'm almost always fine with that sort of thing . The instructions were poorly written and the steps counter-intuitive . The feeder did seem to work just fine when I did a trial run at dinner the night before leaving it alone with the dog while I was at work . As I said , this might work very well for cats . It simply is n't sturdy enough for many dogs , even of the smallish variety .
 Someone had a good idea , but the execution is poor . We bought one of these models from a catalog 6 months ago , but after some malfunctions , we returned it for an exchange . Unfortunately , the new unit is just as difficut to work and program.As someone mentioned , maybe your cats would have better luck getting this thing to work ! The instructions are poor and the buttons used to set the programming just do n't seem to work much of the time . Quite frustrating . When the unit works , it 's good , but getting it to work correctly is most of the problem.The bottom line
 This product fails on every level . The instructions are convoluted and complex . The programming controls are not made for human hands and are of the lowest quality I 've seen outside of a cereal box . Finally , the product did not function either automatically nor manually . I would re-classify this paticular product under pet euthanasia . The idea gets a 5 but the execution gets a 0 !
 lots of people are complaining about the programming , which I found to be relatively straightforward . My problem with the machine is that it is meant to be used for consistent portion control , but it seems to drop out a random amount of food each time.The other problem is that my cat should be eating 2/3 a cup per day , and there 's no way to program that amount in . . It only dispenses in 1/4 cup increments . which would n't be so bad - I could supplement with treats or something , except that as I said above , it does n't seem to be measuring the amounts at all when a meal is dispensed . I have watched it spit out 5 kibbles , and another time it will drop nearly 3/4 cup .
 This is a good product in theory , since it feeds your cat at regular intervals so it does n't get fat , but it is difficult to program , and my electronics went crazy after a few weeks . I would n't recommend this product . Maybe there 's something better that 's made in America .
 I purchased this automatic feeder for two reasons . First , for portion control . My 13 lb dog devours her meal before you can say schnoodle . We feed her twice a day , hard food only . The second reason is that we get up very early at home and she is fed at 5 in the morning and 5 in the evening . What happens on the days when we can finally sleep in a little past 5 ? We still get up at 5am to feed her because she keeps tossing her bowl around and nobody can sleep anyway.I agree with the other reviewers that the directions are not easy to follow , but my husband was able to program the machine pretty easily . The first day we decided to place the machine on the kitchen sink just to watch it and make sure it was working properly . The correct amount of food was dispensed at the right time twice a day . Then we put the machine on the floor and everything went smoothly the first time around . At 5PM the machine dispensed the food once again and after eating her portion , my dog stuck her tongue up the chute and was able to get about 1/4 cup of extra food . She might have been able to get the whole thing had I not been watching her ; that I will never know . Unfortunately it did n't work for us , we returned it the next day . My opinion is that this product can work for a pet without such an appetite . IF this is your case , I would give it a try .
 I have the old version of this feeder -LRB- which is great -RRB- , but I recently purchased this new version and have been extremely disappointed . The new version may be easier to program , but it does n't work ! I 've now tried two different ones and ran into the same problem both times - the food just is n't dispensed at the set times . The only time food does come out is when my cat reaches up and knocks the food out -LRB- another issue that did n't happen with the old version -RRB- . Do not waste your time with this product ... Petmate LeBistro Portion Control Automatic Pet Feeder , Black , 10 Pounds
 It is too difficult to set the meals and times . Also , if you want to override the settings , you have to reset everything . If you turn it off , it loses the settings and you have to re enter everything .
 I guess some have been lucky , and others much more persistent than we are.I purchased two Le Bistro feeders for my two cats last week and they arrived yesterday.I have to say they 're incredibility cheaply made ! I was expecting a bit more for $ 50 . The bowl does n't detach for cleaning , and the feed container is n't even sealed ! I put the batteries in the first one and it was dead out of the box . Not a good way to start.The second one powered up , but the instructions are horrible , and programming is a nightmare . I 've just returned both of them and will be looking for another solution .
 I agree with the other reviewers that programming is difficult . Losing all programming when you turn the unit off is inexcusable . I could deal with those problems , but the clock loses over an hour a day ! Yes , I have fresh batteries . The unit has breakfast , lunch , and dinner options . However , there are limits as to the time you can select for the meals . Portion size is selectable , but is the same size for all meals . I wanted to have a larger portion in the morning and a smaller meal at night . The only way to do this is to assign ` lunch ' a few minutes after breakfast , which ca n't be done . ` Lunch ' can not be scheduled before noon . The workaround was to set the clock 12 hours out of sync . But with the problem of the terrible timekeeping , this thing is headed for the trash .
 Well , I did n't heed the other reviewer 's warnings and bought this piece of junk . The control panel broke within a week . a good idea but not made well at all .
 One star is too much . The only thing worst than the design of the electronics was the instructions . I have programmed calculators , thermostats , security alarm systems , coffee makers , alarm clocks , stereos , and just about everything else , but this was impossible . The best part of the product was the sound it made hitting the bottom of my trash can .
 I got this because I wanted my food-hound of a kitty to stop waking me up . The reason I got this feeder is that it allows you to select 1-3 meals per day , with the meals as small as 1/4 cup , as my cat is small and only eats 1/2 cup a day of food . The little spinning device that portions the food is made of extremely cheap feeling plastic , and when I select the smallest food unit -LRB- 1/4 cup -RRB- , it does n't put any food out ! Well , about 10 little kibbles come out . You have the SHAKE and bang the unit to make the rest of the 1/4 cup fall through . That 's hardly automatic . If you do this , you have to shake it and bang it at every meal . However , if you do n't , and just wait , at the next meal , it dispenses the rest of the 1st meal along with most of the 2nd meal . So , not quite a 1/2 cup , but waaay more than a 1/4 cup . It 's bizarre , it just ca n't precisely dispense 1/4 cup measurements . Thankfully I bought it at Petsmart , so can return it to the store . DO NOT BUY this product . Your cat or dog will not be fed the right amount if you are gone .
 I give this feeder two stars because the first LeBistro that I bought about 7 years ago still works flawlessly . I only had to change the batteries in it once.However , we got a second cat , and I decided to get another one . The second one I got -LRB- still the older model -RRB- worked great for about a year or two , then started dispensing only about half the time . It was out of warranty at that point , so I had to purchase a replacement . I bought one of the newer models , and right out of the box it would not dispense the food properly . I am using Iams cat food that is less than 1/2 '' in diameter like the instructions say , and it looks exactly like the food in the picture on the box . However , the food would not drop out of the chute correctly most of the time with only a little or none of the food dropping out like it should . My -LRB- very large -RRB- cat drove me crazy trying to reach his paw up into the chute and get more out -LRB- which he was very successful in doing -RRB- and pulling the bowl out of place -LRB- why on earth did they decide to start making these things with removable bowls ? -RRB- . So I decided to return it and try another one , thinking I had just gotten a bad unit . The next one does the exact same thing , so I am returning this one as well.Something happened to this company . I still ca n't believe that a nearly 7-year-old feeder could still work great while three new ones in a row are faulty . It 's a shame because there really are n't a lot of products like this one out there . Does anyone know of a good alternative to this feeder ? Because I really need the ability to feed the cats while I 'm away and control their portions . One of my cats would eat himself to death if I left food out , and the two wo n't share out of a single bowl .
 Interface is awful ... and I 'm a tech guru yet I still need to have the instructions always with me . It also resets itself when changing batteries so you 'll have to painfully reprogram it every time.However , it did work for a year and 3 months ... so I was satisfied . But , last week it stopped dispensing . I had taken good care of the product but since it was 3 months past the year warranty , Petmate would do nothing . They would n't even let me send it in to have it service -LRB- at my cost -RRB- . They told me I should go out and buy another one and did n't seem at all concerned or surprised that mine had broke -LRB- it 's clear they have had serious problems -RRB- . So basically you are buying a non-serviceable product . If it breaks one day after 1 year ... throw it in the trash . They will do nothing.Oh , and they have a new one coming out ... it 's white and looks to have a new interface . I asked about it and they would not give me any info on ETA . They are obviously hoping to sell their warehouse full of older , defective ones.Again , like other positive reviews I was somewhat satisfied while it was working ... it 's a needed product . But after mine suddenly broke and dealing with their customer service , I do n't have confidence in this product . If I 'm traveling for a weekend or a week , I would not trust this product to stay working . And trust me , it was not batteries or anything I had done ... it just stopped working ... I 've tried brand new batteries twice now and reprogrammed it a million times ... it looks like everything should work but when the programmed time comes , it just does nothing.I told Petmate I 'd be writing a negative review , they said they did n't care .
 This feeder only worked 1 out of 3 times , and left our cat hungry for 2 whole weekends while we were away . After the first use , the feeding mechanism broke , the timer no longer worked , and the time of day reset itself the second it was set to feed . I do not recommend this item .
 The first one I bought would n't turn on at all , so I had to exchange it . All went well with the second one for about 6 months and then wheel that releases the food just stopped working . It 's just not worth the $ 60 to know whether if you leave your cats for a few days if they 're going to starve . I 'll never purchase a product from this company again , and will be taking a driving hammer to the old one just for fun , circa Office Space .
 I bought one and really liked it for a year . Just after the limited warranty expired , it died . Threw it out , bought a new one . That one only lasted 4 months , and they wo n't honor the warranty because I did n't buy it from one of their retailers . The controller went out on both of them -- I had it set to deliver 3/4 cup of food twice daily , but it was only putting out 1/4 cup . Not jammed , just a controller malfunction . I do n't think the product is trustworthy , and would encourage you to look elsewhere for a feeder . This product just does n't hold up .
 Pros : * Once it is programmed , works pretty well * Runs for a long time on one set of batteries * Large food container for a unit in this price rangeCons : * Very difficult to program . Most people will not be able to figure it out , and no one should have to . Even if you do figure it out , you will need to have the manual in hand every time you adjust it . This is unacceptable , and accounts for at least two missing stars in the rating . It 's too bad , because you can tell that three dollars more of parts cost would have allowed them to provide something usable . * Cats eventually learn to stick their paws up the food outlet to get more food to come out . You may not mind your cats ' extra snacking , but it 's not fun at 3AM when they 're scratching and banging the unit trying to get more food out . I modified mine several times to prevent this , but each time my cats found a way around it . * Limited flexibility in terms of feeding quantity and frequency . * Hard to understand why a device that is almost entirely made from plastic and designed with the most minimal of electronics is so expensive.Recommendation : Check out the Super Feeder that is also available via Amazon . I just bought one of those to replace the LeBistro , and it so far has proved reliable and does not have the issues that this one has -LRB- the only issues with that one are the higher price and higher difficulty of assembly , but I guess you could say those are shorter-term problems -RRB- . It is also a `` real '' family-owned company that you can email or call for support .
 One star because it is the least allowed ... Unit only went through the first set of batteries before it began to fall apart ... . half of the cheap , thin plastic paddles used for dispensing are already MIA.Expensive piece of junk for what you get .
 At about 18 months our feeder started dispensing large amounts of food at random . While our cat loved it , it obviously was unacceptable . I emailed customer service at Petmate and after got a reply saying that since my feeder was 18 months old and out of warranty that I would have to buy a new unit . I must admit -- that took a lot of nerve . Never would I ever buy another one of these pieces of junk -- or anything made or sold by this company .
 I bought this and programmed it without any issues , however , when the time came to feed , the wrong amount came out . Barely anything came out . I even took some of the food out of the hopper thinking if it was too full , it would n't work properly . That did n't work . I 'm taking it back tomorrow . : -LRB-
 We bought two Le Bistro pet feeders . One works fine . The other will not dispense . It does not work either in automatic or in manual . Very disappointing . The troubleshooting guide provides no guidance for the problem . I ca n't find a phone number to call for troubleshooting assistance , so I guess it 's off to the post office to send it back .
 First , the cat can see the food inside , so it attacks the feeder.Second , it figured out how to stick its arm up it to turn the wheel and make the food come out .
 Had to pick at least one star otherwise ZERO ! . Like everyone says , this is a piece of junk . First one did not work out of the box . Second one the timer stopped working only after five days . The manual is not accurate and takes a couple of times to press the right combination of buttons and to figure things out . Great idea but product sucks !
 This thing is a piece of junk . It arrived with the programming piece broken . The display works , but when I pushed the buttons , it would not respond . The display goes out when the power source is turned off -LRB- i.e. , turned off or batteries taken out -RRB- so I suspect your programming goes with it , too . I 'm sure with a bit of effort , a small animal can easily push the hopper off -- it 's not secured onto the feeding mechanism tightly . I returned it promptly the next day .
 Maybe , if I had an indoor cat and could locate this feeder inside , I would rate it higher . However , I wanted to use this feeder for an outdoor cat on occasions when I was out of town for a day or two . Well , setting up the time , feeding times , amounts , etc is not simple , or at least it was n't for me or my husband . The directions are lacking a few things !!! Then when you turn off the machine , it loses all the information you have spent hours -LRB- I mean it -RRB- putting in . While the next complaint is not related to the feeder directly , it is not squirrel proof . The squirrels ate a small hole in the top , I covered the feeder with a metal bucket and the squirrels ate around the opening where the food comes out . -LRB- Maybe it should be metal ! -RRB- Then the feeder started making a loud buzzing sound , changed batteries , but still buzzed . So you see , I can not in good conscience rate this feeder any higher than a 1 .
 Where to begin ? I purchased two - one for each cat since they have different dietary needs . One needed to be returned within a week . Great start.Whoever decided the programming method on this contraption was acceptable needs to be fired and banned from ever designing another consumer product . Petmate obviously chose the very cheapest conceivable design and it shows . These things keep horrible time , the three buttons to perform all functions are confusing and not easily pressed , and the programming is kludgy and buggy to say the lease . The minimum serving size is 1/4 cup and the maximum number of meals per day is 3 . These limits are much too restrictive.At the time of purchase , there were no competing products on the market . Now I see a unit from ERGO for twice the price , which may be a ripoff but since it has better reviews I 'm considering them .
 This device worked fine for a few weeks , but then it started to dispense smaller than requested meals , and sometimes skipped them all-together . Reprograming it did not help . Changing the batteries did not help -LRB- and was n't that fun , since it automatically means you have to reprogram it ! -RRB- . It looks like they 've come out with a newer model , but I think I 'll try a different brand .
 Do n't buy this product . It is dangerous in several ways . I wrote a previous review criticizing this product for the following defects :1 . Cat can easily retrieve extra food by sticking paw in hopper .2 . Food container top does not attach securely , so it fell off , spilling food everywhere when3 . My 8-lb cat knocked it over trying to get food out of the hopper , Now ,4 . the display is malfunctioning , claming low battery when it has brand-new Duracell batteries . It wo n't stay on for more than 30 seconds , and it loses all programming when it shuts off . There are several reviews from people who have had a similar problem , which I had not experienced at the time of my first review . When it shuts off once , it wo n't feed my cat anymore . Lame.less importantly :5 . the food it dispenses -LRB- when it works -RRB- is about 2-3 times as much as it was set to dispense .
 This product is unreliable which renders it useless . After my first one would not dispense any food -LRB- after about three months -RRB- I sent it back to the manufacturer who promptly exchanged it for a new one . However , the same problem happened again after a month or so . The motor would run and no food would come out.The clock and timer are a little backwards but if you read the manual you can learn how to set it - that is not the problem . The problem is it does n't dispense the food and if you are n't home to see it for yourself -LRB- which you probably are n't - that 's why you got it in the first place -RRB- you may wind up starving your pets !
 This was the worst machine i got ever , I bought the first one because I needed an auto feeder with a bigger case , so this was the biggest I found , it worked very well for a couple of months , after that it began behaving in avery weird way , so for example I set it to despence two rotations of food in every meal , I found that it stopped doing anything , I set it on 7 just to have it do the two I want , and after another 3 weeks it stopped doing any automatic work completely.I got the second one thinking that may be the first one was just bad because of luck , but the second one worked fine for one month , after that whenever the auto cycle starts , it works forever until it discharge all the food inside on the ground and carpet and it keep rotating forever until I press the OFF switch.So my experience with this machine is very bad , I used it to do 3 meals a day and every meal is 2 cups , not sure why mine worked this badly !
 I should first say that I have 2 VERY food aggressive cats . All of my cabinets are child proofed to keep the cats out . I picked this up in desperation one weekend before I had to go out of town and I had no one to care for my cats . The first feeder I bought did not work at all and I ended up taking it back to the store . Luckily , the second -LRB- and last one they had at the store -RRB- worked fine . Programming was not that hard but I 'm kind of a techie anyways . I could see how some people would have difficulty with it . As other reviewers have mentioned it 's not very sturdy . I was able to solve the problem of the lid coming off with a lot of duct tape . My cats were also able to figure out how to get a piece at a time by sticking their paws up into the feeder . I did n't really mind that so much since it kept them occupied when I was n't there . I just made their feeding portions smaller . The biggest problem I had was the amount of insects the feeder attracted . Since nothing in the feeder is really sealed off it becomes an ant and roach feeder too . After a period of time the residual tape adhesive on the lid made it very dirty . 6 months after I got it I tried to clean it and it stopped working . I do n't really see how this product would work except for the smallest and most docile pets .
 Our first experience with this matchine worked great for about 4 months ; then problems arose - - skipped feedings & incorrect feed amounts . For a fat , demanding cat this was n't acceptable . We contacted the manufacturer who gladly replaced it ; no questions asked . After receiving the second replacement , followed by the third one , AND the fourth , we 're now looking for a better cat feeder and one that works . The product is attractive , the customer service outstanding , but the entire unit works inconsistently and unreliably
 I have to read the instructions every time I want to program the clock or manually dispense food - the programming is not simple . But , I do n't mind that so much . What I do mind is that after 6 months , it has decided to only dispense when it feels like it , totally missing meals at times . Good thing I was n't out of town when it started doing that . What a piece of junk . Do n't buy this product .
 We had used the old design for years - had to replace them every 2 to 3 years but it was worth it - they worked like clockwork - but just received the new ` improved ' design because our old one didn ; t dispense when scheduled . The new one was worse - just vibration on the floor made several pieces of food dispense , and it did n't dispense when scheduled . Sending it back - if anyone knows where I can buy the old design - let me know ! If it ai n't broken - do n't fix it !
 I bought this item to automatically feed my dog while I was out of town for a few days . The food CONSTANTLY jammed and then stoppped dispensing . He went hungry for days ! I even tried smalling food , but it still jammed and I ended up returning the entire thing . All in all I would say this piece of plastic is also a piece o ' junk ... at least for dogs!Daniel
 This product looked like a good idea , however - it took my cat about 5 minutes to figure out that he could insert his paw into the feeder shute and get as much food as he wanted . It was like a dream come true - FOR THE CAT ! This product mught work for a small dog , but cats are smart and they will figure out how to get what they want . This item is so poorly designed , that I am suprised it took him 5 minutes to figure out how to get food on demand.If you just want to put 4 lbs of food out for your cat to eat whenever it decides it wants food , then this is the feeder for you - ME ? I think I wasted a good 50 bucks on a large plastic food bowl . I already had one of those in my cupboard.I did write the customer service department explaining the flaws and my dissapointment with the product , but they never answered my correspondence.If you have 50 bucks laying around and want a nice bowl , get in touch with me - I have one laying around that I would let go for cheap !
 We recently found out after using the product for a year that it is not dispensing the whole amount of food every time nor is it dispensing any food every time . No wonder our dog has lost weight since his last vet appointment . He is hungry all the time !
 1 . Although programming is painful , it does not need to be done that often . Keep your directions as it must be done when the batteries are replaced .2 . Cats , dogs , toddlers , and relocating the feeder will cause the hopper to fall off and spread a mighty feast all over the floor .3 . The battery compartment is conveniently located on the bottom of the feeder . This means you have to empty the hopper , flip the thing over , replace the batteries , then reprogram .4 . The clock on the feeder runs fast . I reset the current time of day once a month and it is about 30 minutes fast .5 . Wait until the feeder is completely empty before refilling . If you do n't , food on the sides becomes very old -LRB- to the point my cat wo n't even eat it -RRB- and the new stuff on the top drops straight down the center .6 . Cats will figure out how to snack . Mine can only get 1/4 cup in advance so she is basically 1 meal ahead of where she should be . The next time the feeder turns on , the first 1/4 turn is empty and she reaches in for the next one.Overall , this is a great idea . I do n't worry about my cat when I have to leave for the weekend . The product took a big leap forward between the first model I bought and the second . I hope that this continues and they figure out how to resolve the issues listed above .
 this will be the 4th feeder in 2 weeks , buyer beware . these are absolute junk . they do not feed on time , and of poor quality.DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The digital interface is very hard to program . The amount of food released is insufficient for a dog over 50 lbs . The storage bin is light weight and easily toppled . The lid does not fit on very tightly , I had to taped it shut with duct tape . It does delliver the food on time.JCA DVM
 The electronics work beautifully although the programming of this unit is anything but intuitive.I bought two of these and have since stopped using them . The major problem with this unit is cleaning it . While the bowl is easily accessible , it occurred to me that I should see about cleaning the internal stirring/dispensing mechanism . There is no way to adequately clean the inside , when I tried I was shocked to see how much grime had accumulated inside the mechanism.Any critter that one cares for should n't be getting food via this unit , eventually the uncleaned gunk that accumulates in the internals of this unit will contaminate otherwise fresh food that does through the mechanism .
 This automatic pet feeder worked well the first two days , and then our 7 week old lab puppy started chewing on it each day . After seven days we had to throw it out . The directions clearly state that it is not for puppies , but we did not read that before we ordered it . Luckily our puppy did not eat the dangerous metal rod hinge , the plastic LED cover or the D-size batteries . Part of the battery cover was eaten . Our puppy quickly figured out how to lift the LED cover and what buttons to chew to release all of the food . She ate well for a week . Highly recommend this feeder not be used for puppies that like to chew . Looks like it would work well for a cat or older dog , but we found it a pain to program and each time it is turned off , it needs to be reprogrammed .
 Ok I read all ... most of all the reviews here and everyone has problems programming this thing ... . mine was easy ... . sure it sux if you turn it off or replace the batteries u loose the setting !!!!! But have any of you had your feeder over 3 months ???? I havent even gone thru one set of batteries ... . AND THE FEEDER PADDLE WHEEL >> >> > fell apart !!!! yes ... . one week I found parts in the food ... next week ... well wasnt working at all ... . opened it up just to find out the plastic fingers have all broken off the feeder wheel ... . what junk for $ 80 !!!!!!!!!!!!!! They need to make this wheel out of rubber or something else ... . U know im already in it for the $ ... so I guess every 3 months I will have PETMATE sending me another one ... . hey it is made in China !!!! Wonder if my dog now has lead poisoning ??????????
 I had this feeder for about 1 year . After a week my cat learned that he could stick his paw up the slot and grab a snack whenever he wanted . I then had to use tape and plastic to prevent him from doing this . The lid was also very flimsy and could be knocked off easily . After a year the machine started to act up and would not dispense food at the correct time . I changed the batteries and still had the same problem . I would recommend the Qpets petself electronic feeder instead .
 The food I give my cat is n't all that big , but I 'm still having a big problem with it coming through the feeder properly . I have to shake it around or stick my fingers up there to get it out after it 's dispersed by the machine . I hope my cat learns this trick because I am too lazy to return this thing or else I would .
 This looked so good in theory and I was so excited to have it instead of having my neighbors and friends come around to feed my cats when I went away on short trips ! At 1st I got it to work after I finally figured out how to set the timer , which was frustrating to set , then it constantly went bonkers and overfed my cats evidenced by the extra `` full '' litterbox ! I 'm very disappointed in this product and am back to having my kind friends and neighbors feed my cat : -LRB-
 It was easy to program , and it definitely made our mornings more restful -- no more cat waking us up at 6am to be fed.But after about TWO DAYS our cat figured out how to get as much food as she wanted , by sticking her paw up the food shoot , as seen in another customer 's video review . This makes it effectively useless . I do n't know how the engineers on this did n't think to put some sort of guard in place to prevent this.Another problem is that the smallest feeding size is 1/4 a cup . The recommended amount of food for our cat is 1/2 cup per day , so we can only give her 2 feedings per day , not 3 . Not a huge issue but not ideal .
 Stopped dispensing the propper amount of food after one month . Total junk , do n't waste your money
 Bought this product to try and control my cat 's large appetite . Like the others , programming this thing takes a NASA degree , then you still do n't know what your doing . No warning when the batteries died . And one day , it just stopped working all together . Getting ready to take a trip and not much else is offered out there , but I do n't want to risk getting this thing again .
 Thought this was a great idea ; still do . It does feed on time but the measured amount it delivers is WAY off . I had it set to deliver two cups at each feeding and what actually came out was only 3/4 of a cup . My dog -LRB- who 's huge -RRB- was starving all the time . Within a few weeks it stopped even delivering the number of `` scoops '' it was supposed to -LRB- 8 scoops is supposed to equal 2 cups -RRB- and started delivering about half that . I 'm back to feeding her on my own . I 'm still searching for that perfect automatic feeder for long weekends away .
 I do not recommend this product . The design is poor and extremely easy for any cat to figure out how to get more food to fall out . The chute is wide open which invites this type of behavior . It also did not despense the correct amount of food . When set to 1/4 cup , it would only spit out a few morsels . I checked for jams , and found none . The food dish is also not a secure fit . It simply clicks in place , and can easily fall off , allowing even more access to the food . I would suggest another product . I may order the other model that LeBistro makes which I am familiar with . The chute is smaller , always dispenses the correct amount , and the food dish screws in place .
 I think even a computer programmer would find the programming on the LeBistro unnecessarily difficult and frustrating . On top of that , the programming on my unit stopped working entirely after the first 3-4 uses.This thing was n't working for me anyway , since my cat could pop the lid and get into it easily . I had to cover the top with duct tape to keep him out , but he eventually chewed his way through that and dismantled the cheap plastic top.I know my cat 's a freak , but I still would n't touch this product again with a 10-foot pole .
 Pros
 I bought a cat feeder that is supposed to have 8 settings , 1/4 cup , 1/2 cup , 3/4 cup , 1 cup , 11/4 cup , 11/2 cup , and so on , 1-3 times a day . However no matter what I set the feeder to , it dispences 1 cup . I bought the feeder so that my cat could lose weight , but when the feeder is giving my cat more food than she ate before there 's no point in spending $ 50 on a food dispencer . I tried to e-mail the seller and tell him/her my problem and never got a response . : - -LRB-
 The other reviewers were correct when it came to this product . Hard to program , exceeds the portion you set it to . Also , the screen on mine barely works . For instance , instead of 12:01 it will read 00:01 but at 1:01 it will read 1:01 . Makes no sense . Also this product will not keep time . It looses about half an hour a day , so if you are going to depend on it to feed your animal at an exact time , do n't bother . Wondering why I kept it if it sucks so bad ? Well , this was the second one I had to have shipped to me , the first one would n't even turn on at all . Also , the only other portion controlled feeder by another company is $ 100 more , so that does n't leave many options . I 'm keeping it for now , but by no means do I depend on it .
 My wife and I purchased one of these from Amazon about 2 years ago , and it was great . . I mean really great , solved all of our cat feeding issues . That one eventually died and I attributed it to two years of cat food oil going thru it . So we decided to get another from Amazon . We got it and it broke in two days . . the display went out and the battery light kept coming on . So we returned it and the replacemet one didnt work at all . So we are returning that one . Not sure why this is , but maybe we initially got the fluke one that actually worked .
 I bought this feeder to take care of my cats while I was away on weekends . At first everything was great so I kept it running every day . After 2 months of daily use the feeder stopped working . I exchanged it for another feeder of the same model which the broke after another 7 months . Maybe it will work better if it is limited to short periods of operation , but do not get this feeder if you plan to use it every day .
 I bought this so my overweight cats could have timed feedings instead of having a neverending food bowl available to them all day . Within two weeks , my `` smarter '' cat figured out he could stick his paw up the chute and wriggle treats out anytime he wanted . Eventually the dumber cat caught on as well , so now I only use the unit when I 'm travelling and have to keep it hidden otherwise.Like other reviewers said , the programming is awful and laborous and annoying if you want to switch it on only on weekends or occassionally since it does n't save the information and has to be reprogrammed every time .
 I purchased my Le Bistro pet feeder about 1 month ago to make things easier on the person who was to watch my cats during my vacation . The item arrived very quickly , was easy to assemble , and fairly easy to program . It seemed to work like a charm . After a week however , the electronic clock began to slow , and was two hours behind the actual time . Then it began to dispense twice as much per feeding as I had it set for . I replaced the already new batteries with another set of new batteries , and still had the same issue after 1 week . Reprogramming does not seem to match the instructions . This item is fine for short term use , but not long term ... . and please do not buy this if your pet has a medical condition requiring precise amounts/timing of food .
 I read several reviews before buying this product . Quite a few reviews said you could use this for a dog . . Hello !! A Dog ? the lid just rests on the container , within one day the lid was off the entire plastic container was chewed and all the food was eaten . A child could knock it over . What makes the manufacturer think a dog ca n't get inside if he wanted too . What a waste of $ . I ca n't even put it back together at this point . I was thinking if I could get it back together I could put something heavy on it . . or maybe rig a shoot off the bottom of the bowl and place the actual unit up on a high shelf . . It 's not like I own a massive dog either . . She 's a mix of golden lab and boxer . . she 's a sweet dog , but when the opportunity to eat a lot comes her way she 's all for it.In short , I am extremely dissappointed with the workmanship and quality .
 This thing is a piece of junk - and I do not use that word lightly . Like the other reviewer , I went through two units with display problems , but even had the dispaly worked correctly , there were pleanty of other problems with the fundemental design of the thing to send it back . A few of the `` highlights `` 1 -RRB- Increadibly silly and difficult programming . The instructions are not only unclear , but in some cases , flat out wrong . AND , if you 're finally successful in programming it , the program is erased when you remove the batteries .2 -RRB- Impossible to clean the mechanism 's interior and the bowl can not be removed to clean at the sink .3 -RRB- The minimum amount it dispenses at a time is too much in the case of our cat . AND he was able to dislodge food by getting his paw up in the dispensing chute ! So much for diet control ! And a little dangerous , I fear.There were other silly things , but those are what come to mind . It 's obnoxious that a company would put something like this on the market . Hopefully the time I 've taken in writing this will save others the frustration .
 It 's great to not have to worry about my dogs going hungry when I 'm not at home . Also great to know they are getting 3 meals a day . Well worth the price ... but we have had to exchange one at the store and the replacement stopped working , so we sent it to the factory . They sent us a new one in about 3 weeks . We have two of them that we try and have go off at the same time . We have two black labs that must be part pig . The time does n't stay synched very long . Batteries do n't last long enough . I wish it ran on A/C . Programming it is not user friendly . Let 's hope that they have some engineers working on the new and improved model .
 The first one worked for 2 days , then the display went out ; I exchanged it for a new one , and the display would not light at all . I made sure I used new , charged batteries . When I called the company , they said they were very sorry , and recommended I either exchange it again , or send them pieces from the non-working one with a copy of the receipt , and they would send a new one . Am so aggravated , am returning it for a refund .
 the other reviews said this feeder was n't that great but there was no better option . So I took the gamble ... . indeed the feeder is hard to program and setting it at 0 -LRB- no food -RRB- for lunch , it still fed . I would only recommend it if you really need an alternative but beware it is not perfect and for the price it would be nice to get something more functional . Although , I would rather too much food be dispensed rather than not enough ... even if it is for weight control .
 Works fine.PROBLEM1 . Programing instructions are poorly written .2 . Must be reprogrammed after turning off .
 I ordered this feeder twice , assuming the first one was unlucky fluke because of the problems . I was wrong !! First of all , the instructions are worthless . I had to call the company for assistance with both the first and second feeder . The first person I talked to could n't program it either . The second person was helpful but it took repeated calls before I was able to talk to her.The instructions she gave me were much different than the printed instructions.Once the unit was programmed per verbal instruction , the feeder would not dispense food ! I called the company again , went through the instructions once more . The same problem occured.If you are a Type-A personality , good luck with this thing !! You 're going to need it .
 For the price of these feeders , you would think they would be high quality and well made . But they are not . The clocks drift significantly -LRB- which is not that big a deal , but a bad sign about quality of craftsmanship , and kind of annoying since we have two that we would like to go off at roughly the same time -RRB- and after a year or so , they have begun to be very erratic in their behavior . Even though we just replaced the batteries , sometimes they work , sometimes they do n't . The worst part , though , and I have seen this in other reviews , is that our cats have figured out how to stick their paws up in the slots and release kibble whenever they want . Since we got these to try to help our cats lose weight , this is not very helpful . We end up having to put the feeders up on the counter between meals , which kind of defeats the purpose of having automatic feeders . I do n't know if there is a better quality product out there . In any case , these seem like items that would cost $ 15 - $ 25 , not $ 50 - $ 70 .
 Do n't waste your time or money.This does n't dispense the proper amount and is very inconsistent.A piece of crap .
 I bought this product 14 months ago , it was the most expensive feeder at the time , so I thought it would be good . It has a 1 yr LIMITED warranty ... and I 'm sure it 's because it stops working after a year . And I travel a LOT!I 've noticed my cats whining on the weekends near the times of their meals . I watch the feeder - it DOES NOT TURN ! So I thought it was a fluke , checked settings , etc. . Next weekend , same thing ... I was worried they did n't eat for the 4 days I was gone . I changed the batteries - still does n't turn.I read the warranty , it 's useless at this point - only good for 12 months.It was a good feeder , but not for the price tag I paid for it to work only a year !!! So if you have this feeder and you 're getting to the year mark , watch out !
 I bought the first unit online in May of 2008 . After about nine months of proper functioning , the feeder began to skip meals randomly . I contacted the manufacturer directly in March of 2009 . They were very courteous and helpful ; however , the replacement feeder they sent me in April of 2009 distributed twice the amount as the setting I chose . The company explained that often times when their feeders are used with cat food , the units release variable amounts due to the small size of the food pellets . Frustrated -LRB- and preparing to leave for a trip -RRB- , I went to a local pet store to purchase another feeder . I brought it home , and it delivered ALL the food each time it was set to release only a quarter cup . This problem was due to a broken part in the feeder mechanism . I returned this to the local pet chain and contacted the manufacturer to deal with the replacement feeder . At this point they have offered to replace the feeder -LRB- again -RRB- and have agreed to pass along my request for a full refund to their review department , though they have made it clear their policy is NOT to issue refunds.All in all , when the first unit worked -- what a great product . Unfortunately , eleven months and three units later , the hassle and inconsistency of performance is not worth it .
 We purchased this at the end of Jan 2009 - found it to be great to make sure our Black Lab had food if we out for the day . Now , flip forward to April 2009 and this is total junk . The unit now fails to dispense any food . The motor that turns the plastic kibble `` flipper '' does n't turn the `` flipper '' any more . For the price of this unit you 'd expect to get more than 3 months of use .
 We decided to try this product for our cat . She 's on a strict diet of Prescription Diet r/d . She 's ONLY allowed to have 3/4 cup of r/d per day . We decided this feeder would be great because she could have three 1/4 cup meals without us having to be home three times a day . Sounds great , right ? WRONG . This feeder does not dispense the correct amount of food . On the 1/4 cup setting , the amount of food ranged from 1 HEAPING 1/4 cup to almost 1/2 a cup of food !!! This is UNacceptable for anyone whose cat has strict dietary needs . We tried various things including leaving the hopper very full and leaving it almost empty . NOTHING worked . I should also point out that the box and instructions state that the feeder works with ALL shapes and sizes of dry food -LRB- and the box even pictured a food in the exact shape and size as ours -RRB- . Not to mention the creators of this product seemed to forget that cats are intelligent and they can very easily stick their paws up the chute and release more food . This product might be okay if you 're just going out of town and want to make sure that your kitty is fed , but stay away from it if you have more specific needs.You may feel that the product deserves a higher rating , but the way I see it , claiming that your product can dispense a specific amount of food when it can not is false advertising and makes the product completely useless to me .
 I ordered this despite my careful reading of the reviews on amazon . It worked great at first -LRB- for maybe two months -RRB- . Then it went to hell and stopped dispensing food when it was supposed to - or just put out a little and the cats were starving . I tried fixing it , changing the battery , etc - but to no avail . And yes , programming this is a pain in the A ** . I wanted to return it to amazon - I had saved all of the packaging just in case this happened , but when I contacted them they said it was too late and I needed to contact the manufacturer . It was hard to get ahold of them and I eventually gave up . Ended up throwing the thing in the trash and feeling pissed that I had wasted 70 bucks . DO N'T DO IT !!!!
 The programing controls are awkward and confusing , but after I got the thing working it was great . Then kitty figured out how to stick her paw up the chute and get food at all times of the day . -LRB- turning out she was eating twice as much that way -RRB- Figured out how to rig something over the chute to stop that , and all was good again . After a few months of use , the clock started to either lag or speed up feeding the cat at varying hours each day ... and sometimes only once . -LRB- had it on breakfast/dinner -RRB- Replaced the batteries thinking they were low , and not halfway through the day the clock was wrong after being reset hours earlier . Total piece of crap if you ask me ... which is really too bad since when it worked it was a huge help . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I had to take the first one back because it would not feed . On the second , the feeder is easy enough to program but even after new batteries it just stopped responding . I reprogrammed it and tried a manaul feed by pressing the Set and + buttons and it would not despense food . It did work for about a year . Made in China . Need I say more .
 The setup for this is rough . With only two non-intuitive buttons to program time , meals , qty , etc. . . Keep the manual handy!I had fresh 4 D cell Engergizers in this and the clock became too fast . In one day , it was nearly 2 days ahead ! Well , my cat liked that!My dumb cat can reach under the feeder wheel and help himself whenever.Feeder DUMPS food , and sometimes does not stop ! Maybe because cat food is too small in size.The clock reset after two days ... What the heck?Ended up with a five day circular feeder -LRB- one 9volt -RRB- . Amazon quickly refunded item . Good luck ! I think mine was definately defective .
 I purchased this item from Amazon in February 2008 , the unit looked sturdy and I felt it was a good investment until using it for two months when the display started to malfunction , then it totally conked out , after reading the reviews in Amazon , I considered that I made a bad investment and out of pocket by $ 50.00 , since I do not have the packaging to sent it back . One thing for sure I WILL NEVER BUY OR RECOMMEND TO ANYONE TO BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK FROM PETMATE .
 I contacted the manufacturer after my machine started missing feeds -LRB- it would randomly not dispense food for a given feeding time despite adequate programming and battery life -RRB- . They were extremely unhelpful and made it very difficult to get service and obtain a replacement or repair . Beware the bad service backup for this product .
 To me , the purpose of this item is two fold . One , to provide your pet with food at certain times . Two , to limit the amount of food your pet receives . My cat figured out on the first day that I had this that she could just reach her paw inside and grab more food . This completely destroys the purpose of this item . If my pet can access food whenever she wants , what 's the point in trying to restrict her access to food in the first place ? Maybe it would be more successful with a dog who might be unable to get the food out on its own , but with a cat , this item is a complete failure .
 My cat was getting fat and he also was throwing up a lot . I thought this would solve the problem . He lost a lot of weight , but this machine did n't help with the vomiting.But he tends to vomit if he gets too much food in a single meal . I have to feed him about 4 times per day . I thought the machine could take care of this for me . Unfortunately , the minimum amount of food the machine can dispense is 1/4th of a cup and he is supposed to eat 1/2 of a cup . 2 times per day was still too much food at once and he kept vomiting a lot of it up.I 'm not sure how accurate this thing is . It sometimes seemed to dump out about twice as much as it was supposed to . It sometimes leaked food for no apparent reason . Other times the machine did n't dispense much food at all and my cat went hungry.This device works reasonably well if you want to feed an animal about one or two cups of food per day . But if you want to feed your cat abotu 1/2 cup of food per day , this machine may not be accurate enough for your needs.My cat is doing well with the `` koolatron pet dish '' . He does n't seem to be vomiting anymore . I can restrict his meals to 1/8th of a cup at a time . Check out the rotating dish type feeders if you have a cat or a very small dog .
 I bought 2 of these . One was DOA and had a bad solder joint on the battery terminal . Despite showing breakfast as programmed it will not feed . I have watch a meal time pass by multiple times and it wo n't feed . New batteries and a fresh program and still it wo n't dispense.Now I hire a petsitter .
 This pet feeder is very poorly designed , and produces very inconsistent feeding . It works by spinning a paddle horizontally underneath the food with flimsy plastic fins which are made to flex so it does n't stall the motor . But they also allow food to fall through or get stuck in the paddles.I had it set to the smallest increment -LRB- 1/4 cup -RRB- for our cat . Sometimes it would dispense 1 single piece of food , and other times it would dispense 3/8 ths of a cup . And if you bumped it sometimes food would fall out . The paddle has 4 flimsy fins in it . So every 1/4 turn is supposedly 1/4 cup . So you can adjust it in 1/4 cup increments . But because the paddles are so flimsy it 's VERY VERY inconsisent , and ca n't be trusted . It 's also very easy for the animal to reach in and get more food to fall out.This is an `` overseas '' made piece of junk . I though about giving it zero stars -LRB- is that possible ? -RRB- , but I suppose it does look decent -LRB- for a food dispenser -RRB- , and `` Le Bistro '' does sound enticing , so that 's worth one star : -RRB- I do n't normally write reviews , but I wanted to warn people about this thing . I returned it , save yourself the time , and look for something else in the first place . Maybe try out the `` super feeder '' .
 I think the price of this item is a testament of how desperate people are . Do not buy this product . The older product will actually help your pet lose weight . The older version -LRB- which is a little more difficult to program -RRB- is the one you want to actually help your cat lose weight . Any intelligent cat will be able to discover how to coax the food from this feeder . Do not purchase this feeder . The older version is what you want , but it is not available and not worth your money
 We purchased this to feed our cats during extended week ends . It worked for about two weeks then started sticking -LRB- not dispensing food -RRB- . It was a pain to have to empty it and unjam it . A week after we started having problems , it quit working all together . We will be going low tech from now on out although the cats may get a little rolly-polly while we are gone .
 The product is OK , BUT it is VERY difficult to set it up and the buttons are not working properly.I do not like it
 Feeder works but Local Raccoons are able to easily open and empty the feeder . This issue makes it impossible to use outside .
 a friend has this pet bistro so i bought one to prepare for a two week vacation . mine worked for one or two days and then stopped working . the counter advanced however , so i did n't realize it was n't working until my cat showed signs of extreme hunger . she 's always hungry , so it took a while to catch on . luckily , i was able to borrow my friend 's for the duration of the trip and it worked fine . i will return mine for a replacement and hope for the best . frustrating , though . bottom line
 I did n't have a problem with the programing , although it did n't like the fact that you ca n't vary the amount of food in each portion at different times of day . My big problem was my cats -LRB- both of which are highly food motivated -RRB- figured out how to reach their paws up the chute and get kibble . I tried jerry-rigging different things to stop the stealing , but then they just would bang the unit on the ground and get kibble out that way . Not a great thing to wake up to at 2 am . I would n't recommend this unit to anyone .
 This feeder is useless . My cat figured out how to jiggle food out of the chute in under 24 hours . The programming was a nightmare and when I did a manual feed , it would n't shut off ! I had to take the batteries out . I also think it should be able to feed smaller portions . Finally , the lid on the hopper does n't twist on securely . A determined animal would find a way to get it off .
 In the beginning
 was unable to program the feeder and was leaving on a trip next day so had to getfriend to come in feed the cat while I was gone !
 I am returning this product after it refuses to portion out 1/4 cup , despite being programmed to do so . It keeps putting out 1 whole cup , which completely negates the point . Our cat gorges when he is alone and we need something that will control that . Back to the store!Also , this was mighty pricey anyway ... cheap-o plastic parts and not very easy to clean . Not worth the price even if it worked !
 I 've read it out there from other people as well but SERIOUSLY this thing is a piece of JUNK !!! It will probably kill your pet if you rely on it feeding your pet . I 've had two units the first one I got an exchange from the place I bought it because it did n't work as set it had a mind of it 's own . The second one worked just outside the exchange date and now the internal memory is so secrewed up I ca n't even set it . I 'm single and wanted to rely on using it for my cat if I was n't home yet but NO WAY , it will count a feeding yet not disperse any food even at times . This things a cruel attempt at cheap manufacturing !! I hope the manufacturers get what they deserve for making this piece of junk and somebody sues there butts off !!! MFk # $ % ^ ** !!!!
 feeder was destroyed in two days , top is too easily removed and feeder needs some way to be attached to something that ca n't be drug under the house .
 We followed the directions with gradually progessing our cat with using the automatic feeder . We then setup the feeder , it worked correctly for a short time , less than a day . Then it did not keep with the scheduled times setup for feeding our cat . It would go off at odd times of the day/night and being off by 3-4 hours of the scheduled times . In a day or two the mechanics of pushing the food through stopped working ; however , the digital reader would show that number of meals given based on specified times scheduled . Then everything mechanical stopped working all together . This ended in up being a large waste of money ...
 I agree with the other reviewers . I got it , put in the new batteries and then ... NOTHING !! Disappointing . Well , I hope you read these reviews before you order it . I made the mistake of not reading these reviews until after I got the product and saw it did n't work.Amazon should take this off their site .
 The programming instructions are impossibly wrong and cofusing -LRB- I 'm an engineer -RRB- . It worked fine after a frustrating few days of changing the programming but then I noticed the clock was gaining over 1 minute per day - a month into this it was feeding 30 minutes early . After a few weeks it grew a brain of it 's own and started divering varying quantities of food . I programmed it for 1/2 cup per feeding but watched it as it sometimes delivered 1/4 cup , other times it delivered 3/4 cup and sometimes did n't deliver anything at all . DO N'T BOTHER WITH THE CHEAP PRICE AS IT IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY !!!
 This thing has a very limited feeding type/schedule system if you have a smaller pet . The motor went out after just a few months of ownership . Think about this , I leave my cat for long periods of time visiting family and on business trips ... Now onto the interface , you can only feed 3 times a day , just sorta annoying , and you 'll need the user manual ANYTIME you want to make a change , because it is just flat out unintuitive.I ended up purchasing a CSF-3 Cat Super Feeder instead and am impressed by the quality of this unit over the petmate le bistro ...
 I was thinking of buying this product for a friend who has a cat since the Amazon ordering is very convenient , but after reading all the reviews on this product I think I will pass , and buy one of cat feeders I purchased back in 1993 from the company super-feed . I have never plugged a company , but so many people hated the product reviewed here that I thought I 'd share info on a good product . I bought a cat feeder from this guy over 10 years ago , and it 's still going just fine . I needed it to control my cat 's weight and his whining for food . The programming is done on a separate timer that you purchase -- pick the kind you want at Home Depot so that you get exactly what you want in terms of the feeding . The feeder from this company can dispense tiny amounts of food up to a bunch , you turn a dial that easily controls this , and it can dispense up to a dozen feeding per day -LRB- not even needed for feeding a cat -RRB- . You can find their products on the web under super-feed -LRB- with the dash -RRB- . Good luck !
 I purchased this product to control meal size and feeding times for a very needy and overweight cat . While my machine has been set to dispense only 1/4 cup of food , enormous amounts of food pour out of the container at each feeding . When I went out of town for two days , I came home to a giant pile of food pouring out of the machine and an over-stuffed cat .
 This product was great for about the first week . I got it to make sure he was not going to be gorging himself on food while we went on vacation for 5 days and used it thereafter for the convenience -- not having to hand feed him measured portions twice a day . After a little bit , my cat figured out how to reach up into the chute and grab food out , though ! I thought he was just getting a few stray pieces out , but when he started gaining MORE weight , I realized that the amount of food he could get out of the chute was only limited by the amount of food you place in the container ! There is no mechanism to keep the food completely out of kitty 's reach between meals . If they 'd just address this with a part that completely closes off access to the food , they 'd have a decent product . I did have a little trouble with the programming -LRB- I 'm usually pretty good at figuring out complicated electronics -RRB- , but got it figured out.Edit
 Basically , we needed a feeder that had the option of multiple dispensing and small quantities . There are not a lot of options for automatic feeders on the market . After reading many reviews , we chose this particular feeder.The programming is not as difficult as other reviewers have led you to to believe . It just takes a little patience and reading the instructions carefully . It 's not very sensitive , so you have push the buttons repeately to toggle through the menu . Otherwise , the feeder has the nice option that it allows you to program breakfast , lunch and dinner . Within each meal you have the option of changing the quantity of food dispensed from 1/4 cup to 2 cups . The 1/4 cup is perfect for our new kitten . Another nice thing about this feeder is that the motor is not too loud , so it does n't scare the cats.My major complaint is the way the dispenser bottle sits on the base . It is barely secure . There are two notches that you place the container on the base and there is no locking mechanism . So the container is very wobbly . Therefore , if you move the feeder , the container can tip off and you have a mound of food on the floor . Granted the pet is happy , but the owner is not ! I rectified this by taping the container to the base with some electrical tape . But considering the price Petmate is charging for this feeder , I am amazed they can not see how badly designed this is . In addition , the top is not a great seal . So an overzealous dog or cat could knock the lid off and have a feast .
 this product was purchased by me so my cat would be fed during my recent hospital stays . If I did not need it - it would have been thrown out a long time ago !!!!! It was VERY hard to program - but I am a type `` A '' personality and would not give up on it . After repeated trys , I was able to program in the time & managed to get the two feedings daily . Now that the time change is in effect , my cat is being fed at 4AM & 4PM - I do n't dare try to reprogram it - I know I will have a task on my hands when the battery runs out & I have to start all over again . Maybe by then , it wo n't be needed . I even tried to go online with the manufacturer to get better directions - to no avail . I would not have kept it if it was not this necessary .
 I have now owned this product for almost a month , and my cat absolutely loves this feeder ! As other people have pointed out , programming the feeder is challenging , but doable once you figure out the scheme . This feeder has been perfect for out-of-town vacations and for those who work odd/extended hours . Our cat has also started bothering us less in the early morning , as she knows that she will be fed.UPDATE
 The product is sensitive to motion . Once you move it some of the pet foods might spill from the part where the container connects with the food bowl . Other than that it 's a pretty straightforward product to use .
 I bought this for my disabled father so that he would n't need to worry about feeding his dog . In concept , it 's great , however I feel there are two BIG drawbacks :1 -RRB- The user interface to set it up is awful . I desing UI 's as part of my job , and this unit is so complicated to set up that it is n't usable for many .2 -RRB- It only works with small-sizes of kibble . He has a German Shepherd , and the adult dog food for a big dog is too big for the unit to measure . When I set it for 1.5 cups , it dispensed two kibbles.Item one is only an issue for initial setup and changes . To address item 2 , we 're going to switch to food with smaller kibbles and see if it makes a difference .
 My cats just reach up and grab the food from the next cycle , which is just resting on simple rubber lever . I guess I just have smart and tenacious cats .
 My husband bought 2 of these for our 2 cats about 2 years ago before we went on our honeymoon . We were hoping they would allow the cats to be fed without having to ask a friend to stop by daily to feed them , and without having to leave a ton of food out that would most definitely be scarfed & then thrown up by our Siamese who LOVES to eat . We were also hoping they 'd stop associating us with food , as they would wake up my husband in the mornings begging for food . I think they helped at first , but after 6-12 months , we noticed that the feeders were n't dropping food when they were programmed to . We set them for 7AM & 7PM , and one night one would drop @ 7PM , & the next it would not . It defeats the purpose of the automatic feeder if you have to stand there by the feeder to make sure it drops food . We tried changing the batteries , but the problem persisted . I called the company about this , and they said it was probably an electronic board problem , so it could n't be fixed , and the warranty is only good for 1 year - so basically they were n't willing to help us at all . They could have at least offered a discount on replacing them.Other problems :1 . The smarter cats figure out how to reach up into them and get a few pieces of food out at a time .2 . They are VERY DIFFICULT to program . It 's very frustrating .3 . Once we came back from a week-long trip , and found one of the food storage containers -LRB- the top part -RRB- with the food completely hollowed out of the center like a donut . So the wheel was presumably turning to feed the cat , but no food was coming out as it was all somehow strangely stacked on the sides and not falling into the feeding wheel & chute - and yes , it was dry food . We did have a friend check on them 2-3 times while we were gone , but she was n't really checking to make sure they were fed as the feeders were supposed to be covering this . Who knows how long our one cat went without food ? -LRB- We had the 2nd feeder in a place where only the small cat could get to it , as the larger one would steal her food routinely if we did n't . -RRB- 4 . I also feel that smaller portions would be optimal . The smallest it can feed at a time is 1/4 cup . That 's half of what a cat should get per day . We would have preferred to feed smaller meals 3-4 times per day , since cats typically eat little bits of food throughout the day .5 . Moths , ants , etc get into the food from both beneath the lid on the container and through the feeding chute .6 . The clocks are not very accurate . We tried to set them to drop at the same time so one cat would n't be trying to eat the other 's food , but they get out of synch very quickly.There are probably other things I 'm forgetting , but my biggest complaint is that they do n't feed reliably . We 're getting ready for another trip soon -LRB- 2 weeks this time -RRB- , and will need to find something more reliable . How can you enjoy a trip while wondering if your cats are at home starving ? We will not be buying from this company again . We would have been happy if the company had at least offered us SOMETHING , but the woman basically said there was nothing they could do , and let me do the hanging-up-the-phone part . It sounds like they 're used to complaints , and just do n't care .
 I received this product and the clock would constantly lose time . I would have returned the product but I lost the info and had thrown away the box . I used for about a year and the unit died altogether . This is junk . Do not purchase it .
 Sure , like the other reviews , the programming is weird ... but not impossible ... just read the instructions and you 'll be alright . Also , yes , the cat figured out how to put his paw up in the unit and get out some extra food ... no biggie . Now , for the really really bad part ... it worked well , twice a day , for about a year , and after that it started randomly skipping meals . The low battery light never came on , but figured maybe it did n't have enough juice to power the motor , so we replaced the batteries anyhow , and re-programmed it . Starting with the fresh batteries and new programming now it CONSISTENTLY skips a meal ... like one of the two meals each day . We got the feeder so that we could go away for a weekend and not worry about the cat , but there 's NO WAY to know if the cat got fed all of his meals or not because the meal counter on the display will actually count correctly even if food is not dispensed . I 've sat there and watched the counter add one to the count , and the motor did n't even try to move food out . For the price you pay for this thing , it should definitely work more than 1 year ... . stay away !
 Did n't dispense food at all - in either auto or manual mode.Osbo would not pay for the return back to them . Said they would ship me another , but why if they got me for the cost of shipping twice already . No thanks .
 I wanted a mini groomer to take care of fine cutting details on my dog 's face . Unfortunately , though the body is smaller , the guards and blades are those of a large groomer making the whole thing pointless .
 I read many reviews for this type of product before settling on this item . I have a larger unit that I 've used successfully to groom the body and legs of our Shitzui , but I needed one with a smaller head to shave around her face.Unfortunately , this trimmer broke the first time I tried to use it . It came with two blade assemblies . So , with the instructions in my lap , I attempted to replace the blade assembly -LRB- after experimenting with removing it -RRB- . It took me a while to figure out that there was a tiny piece of plastic that held the blade assembly in place , and it was bent -LRB- meaning , I could not get the assembly back on -RRB- . When I attempted to move the plastic bit slightly -LRB- back into position -RRB- , it snapped off . The piece was about the width of a pea -LRB- flat , with a tiny slot -RRB- , and that is what held the blade assembly in place -LRB- not reassuring -RRB- . What was astonishing , is that the rest of the unit appeared to be built solidly , with metal parts , but they must have cheaped-out when it came to this one part.I requested a return and found that return shipping was not covered . The instructions did say I would be refunded the amount paid to ship the item to me , but not the return portion . It cost me just under $ 9 to return it . Lesson learned about The Pet Store Online !
 MAny issues with this item , as it replaced one that was working ok but had a dull blade.Motor speed fluctuates , on-off switch turns itself on and off ...
 My experience was opposite -LRB- but just as negative -RRB- as the other reviewers . We could n't get it to cut anything at all . If you went over the same spot again and again , you might cut a few hairs each time , but that 's hardly practical . The teeth are so small that they just could n't catch any hair . My guess is that Conair wanted to design a trimmer that would be as safe as possible . A spoon would also be very safe , and just about as effective .
 I bought it to trim around my dogs ears and face because the ad said it was quieter . It knicked an area near my dog 's eyes and I did n't notice until the next day when it scabbed up . Wo n't use it anymore !!!!!!!
 I missplaced my girl 's Furminator rake and was drowning in fur bunnies so I need to find a good replacement for her . They are just too expensive ! I did a lot of checking about this product before I ordered it and read lots of reviews . Was very excited to purchase it for my lab mix . Her coat is mostly like a lab but has some longer `` feathers '' around her hind quarters . The reviews I read said this comb worked well on labs . Unfortunately , the tines are too wide for most of her coat and did n't pick up much fur at all on most of her body . It worked a little better on her hind quarters . It was surprising because she had n't been brushed in a while and I knew she was shedding a lot . My floors told me so ! To make sure I was right about her needing a brushing , I borrowed a friend 's Furminator which is identical to mine . I got loads of fur off her ! In Oster 's defense , my girl really enjoyed being brushed with this rake right off the bat-something it took her quite a long time to adjust to with her Furminator rake . I was very happy with the quality of the Oster Professional Pet Grooming Medium/Fine Undercoat Rake . For us , the Furminator works so much better on her . I also tried the Oster on a friend 's lab mix dog with similar fur type . The comb worked better -LRB- moderately well -RRB- on my friend 's dog but she is never brushed . I 'm sorry this did n't work well for us . If I were purchasing an Oster again I 'd get one that was for fine fur only , if they make such an item . For now I 'm going to stick with a Furminator .
 I have seven cats , none long haired ... I 'd call them medium haired , tabbys . This is so not worth the money . It wo n't go through my cats hair and removes the minimal -LRB- and I 'm being generous -RRB- amount from them . I have one cat who 's hair is so baby fine that not even a brush will have any hair on it when I brush him and this removed some from him ... not a lot . I have a Whisker City that I paid less than $ 5.00 for and it works a thousand percent better than this . Save your money unless your cats hair is finer than a 6 month old human baby 's hair .
 I have beagles . This thing does nothing to remove fur , maybe I got the wrong one . The furminator at least gets the hair just I just hate how the dogs do n't like it . almost like it hurts them .
 Hard to handle when you run into a knot . Does to much pulling so the dog does n't seem to like it .
 I am not very happy with this product . It does not remove hair from my Siberian husky like I had hoped . So I bought the fur intro and it is the best .
 This item does well . I noticed that a previous reviewer had stated that she was surprised at the quality of this item . I did not see any others commenting about that and was truly hoping that maybe her item had been the odd ones that turn up now and again in processing . Well folks not the story mine appeared to have the same problem . It 's not like this is a low cost freeby either . I was disappointed that I would have to repair this item before using . I have several Oster items that I have not had a problem with until this one . Once repaired the rake does a good job but if not repaired it could create a problem possibly scraping the dogs skin which could lead to other problems . I would not recommend this product unless it is repaired and worked properly .
 When I bought this I thought that it was going to somehow `` rake '' out the undercoat while leaving the topcoat in tact . Well , the tines of this comb have razors that actually cut the fur as I run it over my dogs coat . I did n't want to cut her fur , I just wanted a brush that would help release the fur underneath to help prevent shedding.This just was n't what I expected .
 I recently bought the Buddy System , after giving it to a friend with two australian shepherds and receiving her rave reviews of it . She recommends using a splitter at the end of the leash rather than buying the extra buddy . the extra buddy makes it difficult when two dogs go in two different directions . The splitter makes them move more in tandem.I love that it connects around the waist as I run with a 50 pound border collie who is more in shape than me . This means lots of pulling for the first couple of miles . I live in a hilly area and this was causing muscle strain from running off balance . With the buddy system this is minimized as I am pulled straight forward rather than off balance . I even get to use both arms while running instead of the one armed swing I used to us.As winter approaches I continue to be impressed with the buddy system as I am able to balance better on slippery surfaces or keep both hands in my pockets to keep them warm.The lunge buster , however , was a waste of money . The lunge buster seems to encourage pulling as the dog is able to maintain constant pressure on the leash . My walks went from enjoyable to a seemingly constant of tug of war . I also was n't able to communicate as easily when she needed to stop .
 I bought this just so I could review it and know what to recommend to my clients . I do love the system itself , but not this accessory . It wo n't do anything to discourage a puller and I ca n't see that it will do anything to relieve the constant shock of a dog tightening up on the leash . Good training will do more good for you and your dog . Buy the system , but leave this accessory off the list .
 The Lunge Buster is a good idea for the Buddy System -LRB- or any leash that you are going to attach to yourself or a bike , for that matter -RRB- . However , when we received ours and tried it out , it broke on the first lunge . It feels like there is a bungee cord attached to a small ring on the inside , but the ring is now not connected to anything and the bungee is only attached at one end . Until they start making these with a little more emphasis on quality control , I would avoid them . Save yourself some money , go to Home Depot or Lowes , and buy some bungee cord and a couple of connectors - you can probably make the equivalent of the Lunge Buster for under $ 8 . The rest of the Buddy System is fine -LRB- so far -RRB- , but the Lunge Buster is a definite bust !
 Very excited about the arrival of my Buddy System , bought the Regular Dog System , with the extension and the lunge buster . Did n't connect the extension initially , thought I 'd try the regular length lead and the lunge buster . Unfortunately , me and my excited springer spaniel went out through the front door , she made one lunge for the gate , and that was it , lunge buster busted ! I think the bungey cord inside the material came away from its anchor point . I have returned it , but will order another and give it one more go . Otherwise , we did a 10k run and I loved the fact that she could move around me and my hands and arms were free , much more comfortable than running holding a lead . Am optimistic that we 'll get it all sorted out and it will be worth it .
 My 33 lbs . Whippet is very active , especially at coursing and racing events . After some slight pulling , which lunge buster holds ok , he pulled again with all his weight , and lunge buster fails . The inner elastic rope thorn apart from metal ring to which it was connected . Since outer coating is solid , it was required to make the opening in it , to pull elastic rope and connect it again to ring -LRB- pliers needed -RRB- . So if you own a dog with great pull ability , this is not your product . Or prepare for some DIY-stuff
 I opened the package , stretched it once , and the inner bungee cord immediately pulled away from the stitching on one side rendering it useless .
 The &#34; belt &#34; portion of the leash was thinner than I expected and I was hoping for more attachement options as I had 3 dogs at the time of ordering . I really lkied the lunge buster attachement BUT I did not want it long ... it would have been much too long with the other components . There was no way to connect lunge buster alone to the collar of your dog ... thus I returned the entire system .
 This `` lunge buster '' broke after one run , and my dog did n't even lunge . I 'm so disappointed . What a drag . Returning it now .
 I am very disappointed that the lunge buster busted in less than 2 weeks of use . I have an energetic 30lb dog and while hiking in the mountains I heard this strange boing sound to figure out the buster busted . Not worth the money
 Ordered this and realized that this was only the leash attachment rather than the entire belt as implied by the picture .
 I love this system , but it broke in less than a year of using it . The metal clip to attach it to the dog 's collar/harness fell apart .
 I did n't buy this because I noticed the headline says 1/2 ounce , but I just wanted people to know who regularly use the product that the picture is of the bigger , 1 ounce version -- just trying to help out anyone.p.s . -- My cats love these flakes so I will continue to buy them , but you can get double the size of this offer for $ 7.99 at Petco .
 we got this to have hands free jogging w / our dog . it does what is says - but the clip that attaches to the dog 's collar actually broke easily once it had a strong pull . in the end this is just a leash with a belt - so you can make your own if you already have a leash and a belt .
 I have a real problem with this brand . They do not disclose adequate information to allow you , or your vet , to determine if there products are safe and effective . Until they do , I would avoid them like the plague . There are plenty of competing products on Amazon who are forthright with their information , and I would only consider them until this situation is corrected . If you do not know how much , or how little , of each substance you are giving your pet , you are playing Russian Roulette with their lives and their health .
 Two stars because one of my dogs seeems to be doing Ok with this one . But this is one of those cases when you truly get what you pay for . As my family is going through a rough path financially , I was looking for a food that was wallet friendly but still did not have the crap that most dog foods have . One of my dogs did Ok with the food -LRB- or at least better than the other -RRB- . The other -LRB- a Maltese who usually has a stomach of steel and can eat anything -RRB- was sick for about two days with vomit and diarrhea , at which point I took him to the vet . He lost so much weight and was so listless it broke my heart . Not only did I spend $ 330 dollars at the vet , but I 've also had to purchase an extra bag of premium quality food -LRB- the kind I used to give him -RRB- , pedialyte , chicken and rice and baby food to keep him afloat . The reviews out there are true . This food is not for all dogs , and to me , it 's not worth the risk . I will give it to the other dog who can stand it , but I ca n't wait for her to be done with it . I will never purchase again after that.UPDATE
 I get this pill crusher and use it twice , and the top cracks in half ... . I do n't know if it was just my unit or what , but I think it 's poorly made .
 this product sucks , you need to have a very strong hand to twist and crush the pills . I have to have my husband crush them for me its just a really bad product
 What a waste of 7 - $ 8 because this thing has little teeth but looks just like old one that used to be $ 5 . So they added something to make it useless to make poweder from pills , then upped the price on thir garbage . Look carefully at the product I wouold even go into the store and take them out of the package to make sure they are n't stopped with teeth that supposidly `` obliderate pills '' well what are all these chunks ????
 I 've been using this pulverizer for a year or so now . It is really bad . I mean it gets the job done , but at what cost?If you do n't have hands of steel , do n't purchase this item . In order to crush zinc pills or even Flintstones Kids Vitamins , I can only put in 1/2 to 1 pill at a time , and then I have to repeatedly torque the top harder and harder , releasing in-between to allow the crushed pill to move , otherwise it cakes together all hard again . It hurts my hands just to crush one pill . THEN I have to crush 5 or so more.I 'm getting something with a much better mechanical advantage .
 This crusher is easy to use and crushed pills well , but the resultant powder gets stuck in the tip of the cone-shaped well .
 I just bought this at a local pharmacy and after using it for the second time it cracked as I was turning the top . I would not recommend this product !
 I was very excited about Andis new CeramicEdge blade but I must say I thought it was terrible!I oiled it/sprayed it/did all I could ... but it did n't cut well at all.It pulled on the dogs hair instead of cutting it ... way too much drag.Tried it on a couple different dogs but had to send it back .
 Save the extra money for a ceramic blade , they dont cut nearly as good as the regular stainless blades and heat up just as quickly
 ConairPro Turbo-GroomIII kept this product -LRB- Dog Clippers -RRB- a while before rating it because being new at clipping dogs , I wanted to be fair . First of all this clipper will heat up to the ca n't touch at the head end of it at all -LRB- half the way through -RRB- . Second it does not cut the dogs hair to my satisfaction . It certainly does not do well enough to do half of one large dog without heating up . It has been properly maintained , but does n't even measure up to the job that my 30 year old Oster does that I had purchased many years ago to do kids hair . That one not being as big will take longer of course , but will trim a whole big dog well and does not heat up at all .
 I was terribly disappointed in this . Not as it appears online . I put it in back of the tank and my tank is crystal clear ... could not even make out the blue color . Not worth the money . Plus there was a crease down the middle . I had to send it back for a refund . I ended up buying a boulder scene at my local pet supply store for five dollars.Sometimes it 's hard to see things as they really are online . I would not recommend this product .
 One side has a scene , the other is blank and is NOT as tall as is advertized . Would not recommend !
 The description said it had two backgrounds for the price of one . Its supposed to have an aquatic scene on one side and a shalescape on the other side . The one I got only had one scene and the other side was plain blue .
 Not worth the money I paid for it , maybe $ 1 - $ 2 at the most . Tape strips off the metallic coating and you are left with an ugly , transparent film that you do n't want anywhere near your aquarium .
 This item if you ca n't mount it does n't really work well ! If the dogs knock it over mine the door stays open for the bugs and rain to get in and ruin my food ! I ca n't mount mine where my dog is so it was a big waste of money !
 we got this to have hands free jogging w / our dog . it does what is says - but the clip that attaches to the dog 's collar actually broke easily once it had a strong pull . in the end this is just a leash with a belt - so you can make your own if you already have a leash and a belt .
 Misleading description . When I received the item it 's wrong size , the description should be for 50 GAL Tall or at least put the measurement such as 36 '' W x 13 '' D etc. . I have to returned the item at the nearest PETCO Store .
 For a 55 lb GSD puppy -- lasted about 2 days longer than the usual 30 minutes for any sort of chew toy . very flimsy and unless it is for a very small dog or an older one with no teeth , I 'd keep looking !
 I fed Nutro Lamb & Rice to my Min Pin for about 8 months because it was on the recommended list at the county shelter . Recently someone suggested that I stop feeding it to her , and I learned about recommendations at a DogFoodAnalysis site.While eating Nutro , my dog 's pee was entirely clear and her poop was hard as a rock -LRB- she actually looked uncomfortable -RRB- . Based on recommendations , I switched to Innova Adult Small Bites . Within a day , my dog 's pee was appropriately yellow again and withn two days her poo was normal -LRB- not rock hard , with less straining -RRB- . I do n't know if there 's a link , but I 'm glad we switched.Innova Adult Small Bites Dry Dog Food
 Fed my Great Dane + Rottweiler mix dog this food for 1 month . Poop quantity is less -LRB- which is good -RRB- , started scratching herself , would not sleep much and made her dull . I will try Artemis Fresh mix adult regular and write a review after 1 month .
 We have a tiny little 8 lb maltese , and we got him the mini size bag of these . Each time we give it to him , he seems to love it , but he had HORRIBLE diarrhea that led to multiple vet visits -LRB- it was awful , pretty much the worse diarrhea he 's ever had at age 3 -RRB- . I noticed about 8 hours after he ate the nutrident , the diarrhea started and it had turned blackish green . Fast forward 2 months , and our dog was nursed back to health and happy ... I did n't think that the nutrident was the cause of the diarrhea earlier , I thought it just made it worse so I gave him another one . Wrong . About 6-8 hours after , I noticed his normally firm stools were extremely soft and once again , they were blackish green . I promptly threw the entire bag in the trash . Terrible product and I will never be buying these again . As a side note , my little guy tolerates and loves Greenies just fine . I 'll pay the extra few bucks for the Greenies to make sure he is n't food poisoned by these ever again .
 You should monitor your dog very carefully if you give him/her these chews . One of our dogs died as a result of eating these chews , and the other three were very ill for two days . This product is very difficult for dogs to digest and can result in blocked intestines and infection . Since the package did not contain any warnings , we thought they were harmless . Be very careful if you buy these for your dog .
 Based on our experience I would give this product 1 star , but I concede that our dog 's reaction may not be typical.We gave our dog one of these early in the evening . He 's a mid-sized dog at about 35 lbs , but he 's also a strong chewer . Based on what I could tell from the package , though , I had no reason to believe I should buy the larger size . We were in the room and casually observed him as he chewed on it . Our dog had the whole thing eaten within an hour.He seemed fine and the next morning his bathroom routine was completely normal . However , when we got home from work , it was clear that the poor guy had been struggling not to have an accident . When we got him outside , he had multiple explosive bowel movements . A little further examination showed us that , despite his best efforts , his butt had been leaking during the day . He had also given himself a hemorrhoid . The poor guy.We double checked the package and found no directions , advice , or warnings that would have helped us foresee this issue . I never want my dog to go through that again and thus we will never buy these again -LRB- and the extras have gone in the trash -RRB- .
 Not worth the money . Find a metal coat hanger , break off the hook and twist it accordingly , much better than this product .
 I needed a bigger , flatter , and more flexible for what I needed it for . I was trying to use it for a turtle deck
 Product has a great price in comparison to other sites but motor is very loud . Not a quiet dryer . Dries hair quickly but scares the dogs . Might be ok if using in a larger area , we are confined to a 20 x 20 room to groom .
 This Dryer is extremely loud and the stand is to light to handle the force of air . Plus the Air is too strong for the dogs and upsetting to them !!! I would not recommend this dryer !!!!
 THIS PRODUCT WAS HORRIBLE . IT SMELLS AWFUL AND MY DOGS WOULD NOT GO NEAR IT , LET ALONE EAT IT . IT WAS A HUGE WASTE OF MONEY.Joint MAX Triple Strength HYPOALLERGENIC -LRB- HA -RRB- Granules -LRB- 960 gm -RRB- 120 doses
 The product is called flat bark , but it is not flat , it is the shape of a small tree . I even sent the product back to the vendor and they ordered another one and is was the same shape . I am not sure what the word flat in it 's name means or way the photo shows flat , but it is round .
 The dress part is too long so get a size smaller or make sure your dog has really long legs ! Mine already does and it was still too long .
 I gave it 1 star on account of the picture on line . If you do n't look too close , it looks like a pretty good costume . My wife picked this costume for our pet to go along with her brothers Scarecrow costume for Halloween , -LRB- different maker and type of costume -RRB- . She was totally disappointed with it when she put it on the dog . With the fake arms and dress shoulders , it looked very tacky . She ended up adding material to the dress to wrap around the dog , to fully enclose the dog 's body like a skirt and removing the arms . She put leg holes in it for the front legs of our dog to make them , the arms . While , after all the work , it did look a little better , it still was n't as good as the other costume we bought for her brother . Any costume that hangs on just the front of the dog is n't very good , unless you 're able to carry the dog in a back-reclined position , the entire time . Avoid this costume at all costs .
 The seller shipped this item very quickly . However , even though it was `` extra large '' it was way smaller than I thought it would be and had to ship it back . I would definitely buy from this seller again .
 just got these bowls and construction seems good and dandy , but theyre not 20 oz as stated more like 16 oz and thats filling it to the rim which i doubt anyone does when feeding there pet .
 Do not be sold on the fact these are `` STAINLESS STEEL '' bowls - I purchased two DURAPET BOWLS two months ago , and just after two months of use RUST is showing through the `` STAINLESS STEEL '' . Very poor quality and I am very disappointed - I certainly expected these bowls to last a long time , but there is no way I will allow my dog to continue to neither eat nor drink from these bowls - even though they are easy to clean and hard to tip .
 I bought this bowl less than 3 months ago - last week a small split appeared in the top ring . As the split got longer , three days later another split appeared -LRB- about 160 deg . around on the other side . -RRB- Very poor quality .
 While the price was terrific ... and the kitty gift treat bag looked wonderful.THE FOOD PRODUCT WITHIN WAS OUT OF DATE BY OVER A YEAR!What were they thinking ? Surely there should be some rule about expired food items being sold online.I will not buy another food product via Amazon or anything by SassafrasThe only reason that it was given one ` star ' is that the system would not allow a post up without that area being used .
 This product is horrible . I tried is for my green anoles , ant it totally burned one , and killed the other .
 Our dog weighs 9 pounds and this was supposed to be a small size , however , it was too small and we were not able to use it .
 The seller did a good job getting my order to me quickly . The product , however , does not work . I have administered 2 doses to my dog , but I am still noticing worms .
 This looked like a fun toy to me -- if you touch it , it moves ... Too bad neither of my cats agreed with me . They both completely ignored it . Did n't even use it once.After a week , I returned it .
 Although I like the idea of this product , my cats hated it . One is very picky , so no surprise there , but the other eats anything ! He was meowing and excited but when I put the bowl down he sniffed it and reared his head back and completely snubbed it . I ca n't tell you how shocked I was by his reaction . I ordered it direct from the company , so it was n't spoiled . I have to give it 1 star because neither of my cats would touch it .
 I 'm sick of Amazon food and drug/supplement sellers not listing ingredients . You honestly think I 'm going to order something to pour into my dog 's head without even seeing the ingredients first ? Forget it
 Both Sargeants and HARTZ products are very unsafe for your pets . In most cases they DO NOT work as intended . In some pets they cause skin redness and irritation , seizures , ongoing nervous system disorders , and death .
 I have to believe this is a manufacturing defect on a single brush , as this generally seems to be a product that other users feel is very good.We have a 2.5 lb Shih-Poo puppy who is about the size of a large guinea pig , so after 2 uses I certainly would n't expect to see wear and tear on a brush . Unfortunately , when just cleaning off the very little bit of hair that came off the dog after the second use , all the bristles came out of one of the `` plugs '' . Is the brush still usable ? Yes -LRB- for now -RRB- . Should the brush shed more than the dog ? No .
 Did n't work for my beagle-basset . It may have worked beautifully if the bristles were n't so compact . I will be donating it to my groomer .
 Sorry but it did not workout , as our cat would not let it be . He bite into it and within 4 weeks it was gone .
 5 times , I sprayed the loveseat with this spray . Took a nap on the couch . Woke up to see my dog asleep on his back on the loveseat ... zero effect !
 We bought this product to keep our dog off of one of our rugs . When I sprayed this on the carpet our dog rubbed his face all in it and licked the spots on the rug where I sprayed . Evidently he loves the smell so much he wants it on him . I would not recommend this product .
 I had great hopes that this would work but it had no effect with my cats . I sprayed it 2 times a day and the cats just ignored it completely I thought that maybe it just works for dogs so I tried it on the bathroom rug where the dog kept pooping well it did n't even effect the dog either . I will have to try another brand .
 If I could , I 'd rate it no stars , but Amazon does n't allow that option . I tried to use this to keep my boxer from chewing on our TV cable . I followed the directions , and even sprayed a piece of cloth as recommended . My dog apparently could n't get enough ... she took the piece of cloth and started to play around with it in our backyard . Maybe it 's really a dog attractant , and got mislabeled at the plant ?
 we tryed this with our yorkie-poo puppy we put it on a blanket on the back of our couch dident make a difference she still jumps up thare BOUNDARY PET REPELLENT DOSE NOT WORK
 My dogs were initially repelled by this product but eventually got used to it . I applied it daily as per instructions but it totally lost its effectiveness after about one month of using it . A much more effective product for me is `` Off Limits '' which you apply every three days . It totally broke my Shih Tzu 's habit of peeing on certain areas of the patio .
 Litter box issues with Persian cats are difficult.Have tried so many products and thought Boundary might be the solutionguess again , pooped right on the sprayed area , repeatedlyam asking for my money back
 My primary reason for buying this was to keep my dog away from an indoor potted plant and all the bushes -LRB- and surrounding dirt -RRB- outside . We went out about 10 minutes after I sprayed -LRB- used an entire bottle out there -RRB- and he happily went from bush to bush just as he always had . I sprayed more , it made no difference . There was no hesitation and absolutely no repellent qualities from this product . You might as well use water !
 I hate to be negative , but I wanted to let others know about my experience with this product . At this point , I 'm not sure it would repel a fly , let alone a dog or cat . The overwhelming smell DID manage to repel all the humans in the house . After spraying my couch , my dog promptly jumped up on it and looked at me like I was crazy . So I moved her off and sprayed it again . She jumped right back up and made herself at home . Same thing with the cat . It 's very dissapointing .
 I purchased this product to stop my dog from peeing everywhere . IT DOESN &#34; T WORK ! Did n't deter him one bit ! Disappointed
 The pet store I bought this at recommended this specific product from their lineup for my situation.I explained that my dog was going right next to the Christmas tree for some reason , and in the same spot under a branch of the tree . Ordinarily , the dog only goes outside , and `` asks '' to go out when needed.Today , it happened twice before I got my hands on the product . When I brought it home and applied it to the tree , as well as the floor , I thought I had the situation under control.But it happened again shortly after applying it . So , while this repellent may work for some , it surely did n't work for our cockapoo .
 I bought this to keep my dog away from a power strip behind our tv and from the garbage in the kitchen . First , this product has a very very strong smell when you first use it . However , it will dissipate and you wo n't recognize it , but supposedly the dog wills till be able to smell it.Upon first using this product , it worked great . It kept my dog away from areas I did n't want her to go . But after a couple of weeks of use and reapplying , the dog quickly ignored it . I find using something like bitter apple to deter the dog works far better than this product did .
 We have fairly harsh conditions with multiple dogs -LRB- all well over 100 pounds -RRB- and grass in the shade . But still , both dogs got diarrhea almost immediately . So we took them off of it . Then we started adding it back into their diets one at a time . Some of the dogs could stomach one tablet , but by the time we got them to two tablets , they all had diarrhea . We made due until the 365 tablets were used , but saw absolutely no improvement -LRB- maybe they were n't taking enough -RRB- .
 I tried just 2tabs for my puggle & it did not seem to do anything so I increased it to 4tabs . I do n't see any change . I always have plenty of water for him . So I do n't see it 's worth the cost . Not happy .
 Had my 75lb Female dog on this product for 4 weeks . It did not work . In fact , it seemed like the problem got worse , so I have stopped and have product left over.Would rate it 0 stars if I could do so.Try tomoto juice .
 I have been giving my Golden Retriever this product for almost two months in the amounts as instructed and have seen absolutely NO improvements in the lawn burning . We even had him pee in a specific area and marked it so we could check on it in a day or two to see if the product helped at all , and after about a day , just like before , there was an awful burn mark . The tablets did not even decrease the severity of burning at all . COMPLETELY INEFFECTIVE and a complete waste of my money . I chose to make my purchase based on all the other reviews I read that were good , but I 'm seriously wondering if nutri-vet provides people with coupons or free products to go on here and write these reviews that give a glowing recommendation .
 Unfortunately , after 3 months of giving my dog the tablets , they did n't work . I was really disappointed . Also , I thought the tablets would be tasty . Apparently , they are n't as my pooch would n't eat them unless I put them in a peanut butter sandwich . Because of the stickiness , she was n't able to spit them out.Looks like this product has worked for lots of consumers , but , not for me .
